1
my 90 year old mother had a mymailstation for over 10 years but the equipment and support had declined over time .
it is key that the gift giver ( children ) to set up the mailbug before giving it to the senior .
the help desk was excellent and it took no time at all to get up and running .
my mother has had it since christmas and uses it in three different locations with no problems ( we use the extra toll free option ) .the main downside of the unit ( that is often used by seniors ) are the small letters in the display .
although she has good to moderate vision , my mother strains to see it .
some way to see a larger letter size would be useful , ( or optional lens to put in front of it ) .the unit is invaluable to keep in contact daily since my mother is out of state .
she also gets great enjoyment of being able to stay in touch with a simple unit.overall , this was an excellent christmas present for her !

1
i like it , because it worked perfectly , i 've been using this producto 2 weeks ago and it 's working awesome .
i really recomend this seller

1
i recently gave my father a mailbug for his birthday as i felt he would be intimidated by a computer .
he really liked the large keys and the very readable screen .
the only down side is the transmission of messages can take hours and sometimes up to a day .
perhaps it has to do with the service in his area .
overall it was a great gift and now he can communicate with his ten children .

1
mailbug is for my 86 yr old mom .
it works for her because you have to push 3 buttons with the words written on a screen below to view email .
her unsteady fingers can still work it to read my emails from out of the country .
it is best to write 2 short emails to keep from having to scroll too far ( just an up and a down button ) .
the viewing screen is small ; but works !
i did not have time to tutor her on sending email ... a little harder than reading..will catch that next time.1 tiny problem was getting the 'set up ' phone number to answer .
i had to call several times and let it ring .
however , the representative was veyr nice .

1
apple has updated its already sucessful potable line .
this is the new revision for the powerbook g4 , or tibook as the mac fans call it .
let 's see what this baby got for us : a very speed 550 mhz g4 processor , which let 's you take advantage of macos x ( already preinstalled ) the best operative system in the world .
also , if you use graphic or video editing software like adobe photoshop or final cut , this computer will allow you to work on the road as good and fast as you would work on a regular desktop.128 mb sram .
to be perfectly honest it would be better if it would have been 256 mb of ram on this model.the radeon mobility chip its a nice upgrade on this model , with 16mb video memory allows gamers to experience great and fluid graphics on 3d and also helps when watching dvd , which by the way is amazing in this computer because of the 15.2 inch display.in conclusion , this machine is as stunning in performance as it is in looks and now it has a fantastic price which has made it more atractive than ever .
this is a laptop for connoisseurs , dont worry if you are not you can always get a dell or some other toy like that .

1
this laptop held up great during shipping .
no damage at all .
i received it quickly as well .
it 's been holding up great so far .
it 's perfect for what i use it for .

1
i have an ibook 2001 ( dvd-cdrw ) , which is the fifth in a long line of apple laptops over the years i have owned ( powerbook 140 , 520c , 3400 , rev.a ibook before this ) .
i 've also owned quite a few wintel notebooks of various stripes over time , as well.with the combination of size , ruggedness , expandability , and performance that apple squeezed into the latest ibook , it 's darn near the perfect laptop .
it 's a very nice good performer with the 500 mhz g3 processor .
cd burning with the combo drive is as transparent as can be - the included disc burner software extends the finder to support cd-r. dvd playback performance is good , with minimal skipping ( i have n't done too much playback thus far ) .
video performance is snappy , if not quite state-of-the-art ( it uses the older rage 128 rather than the newer geforce 2go ) - games are nicely playable .
and the 12.1 & quot ; display is razor-sharp .
video mirroring works very well , and the vga cable needed is included .
the ibook will work with the lid shut when mirrored.the only shortcoming comes when stressing the system heavily ( for instance , with the included macos x 10.0.4 ) - the 66mhz data bus becomes the most glaring bottleneck .
though apple includes more features pound-for-pound ( and dollar ) than competing wintel notebooks , the competition has pretty much moved on to the 100mhz bus at the low end .
it does make a difference.unfortunately , apple is caught between a rock and a hard place in this regard - with g4 processors constrained in speed ( to 500 mhz max on their powerbook titanium ) , it 'd complicate things to have the ibook running at the same exact clock rate ( despite the older g3 ) .
so apple chose to constrain things further - and it 's not a huge problem , though hopefully the next generation of ibook will leave this bottleneck behind .
a larger hard drive as standard equipment would be nice , too - most wintel vendors make the hard drive easy to swap out ( even in lower-cost models ) , whereas the ibook requires a full disassembly to do the same.all in all , i 'd strongly recommend the 2001 ibook to anyone looking for maximum portability for a very competitive price .
the only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars is the slow system bus - hopefully the improved performance planned for macos x 10.1 will compensate for it .

1
ok i have never written a review before so here goes .
i actully have this model with a 15gig drive and mine came with the dvd player so not sure how it is really that much different .
i do not know where the other guy bought his , i bought mine out of a store ( bb ) not online .
i did have my harddrive crash but i took it to the place i bought it and my warranty did cover the hard drive .
they shipped it to compaq for repair cause they did not have a harddrive on site plus since it was still under warranty it was best to sent to them .
i did have to wait a month for it and i realize that for someone that is on the road alot that would be a problem .
back to my laptop .
before it did crash i never had one problem with it .
it worked perfectly till the crash .
i have had it back now since begining of jan and it works like a champ .
i do all kinds of things with mine .
i have used it to download mp3 from some newsgroups .
i have installed multiplayer games and it works great .
i even leave it on for days at a time and still works .
i do give it a break when i leave it on for so long and give it a day off and not turn it on .
i am even using it to do some database building and website designing .
so all in all this paticular model works great even though like i said i have a few extras that came with mine but its is the same model anyway .
i do not blame the other guy for being so upset but i think that he actually may have gotten a lemon .
so do n't give up on this one just yet .
happy notebooking to all .

1
i wanted a laptop that was relatively compact , had a one gigahertz amd processor , at least 256 megabytes of memory , and a dvd/cd-rw combination drive .
this laptop had them all .
i purhcased it a couple of weeks ago , and in terms of the laptop i was looking for , i could n't be happier .
two peeves , though.one is that i was duped into buying another computer that did n't have independent video memory ( this computer 's video memory , while a generous sixteen megabytes , is & quot ; shared & quot ; with -- or taken away from , to be more precise -- the computer 's main memory , a problem i 've encountered with my two previous desktop purchases ) , so while the computer is advertised to have 256 megabytes of memory , only 240 of them can be used for other applications .
( & quot ; only & quot ; 240 -- what am i saying ?
my previous computer had only 128 ! )
the other is that in order to type in special characters using the integrated numeric keypad , i must hit fn + numlk , then the keystrokes required , then fn + numlk once again to turn off the keypad in order to again be able to use that part of the keyboard normally .
other computers allow the user just to type fn and the required keystrokes without all the numlk business , but this one suited my needs best , so i chose to overlook the flaw .
i am reminded of it , however , every time i type up a french composition and need those accents .
sacr & eacute ; bleu !
a more trivial annoyance is the row of compaq & quot ; easyaccess & quot ; buttons , which are not that easy to access at all ( they are located in a narrow space between the keyboard and the screen -- if you want a better of idea of how they look you can find a bunch of useful photographs at bestbuy.com ) , and the volume ones did not work ( it had seemed ) for the first week i used the computer .
finally i figured out that the easyaccess volume buttons do n't work like television volume buttons , the ones you can hold down -- these ones can only be pressed once every second or so for them to respond .
i usually opt to adjust the volume instead using the ( excellent ) windows software .
also , the easyaccess buttons ( which include technical support , e-mail , web search , and windows media player buttons ) all surround the computer 's power button , so i generally do n't use them for fear i might inadvertently shut off my computer.short battery life is another problem -- mine runs out after only an hour and thirty minutes , not even enough to watch a full dvd movie .
not good for portability , but since i do n't travel that much , i 'm fine -- for now ( i think ) .so aside from all that , the compaq presario 705us notebook is a solidly built computer with a stable operating system , and both are a breeze to use .
while i occasionally look at other notebooks with a tinge of envy , i keep reminding myself how little i paid in comparison to how much i got , and when i get home , i turn on my notebook , turn up its incredibly sonorous speakers ( they really are good speakers ) to full blast and get lost in the digital music library that , so far , the included windows media player and i have managed to keep organized .

1
hello all , this laptop is great with one exception , it 's speakers are not that good , i have had a compaq laptop with jbl speakers and it 's way better than this toshiba laptop speakers but other than that , it 's a great toy : )

1
lots of useful features sold me on this machine over dell or compaq - built-in cdrw and network connection are great .
i can pull files off my old desktop unit and burn them to cd .
the dvd drive is great .
i was shocked by the quality of the picture .
it is great .
of course , the sound is n't the best .
good price , too .

1
i purchased this for my 5 year old son .
and he is very pleased with it .
it runs games reasonably well.. games like maze.. etc ...

1
price is everything if you 're considering one of these older dell 's in 2006 ... since decent new laptops commonly start at only $ 500 or so .
however , at the right price - i paid under $ 200 , including a memory upgrade and a new battery - the latitude cpx still does everything 99 % of adult users will want to do .
it 's upgradeable to the latest windoze xp , it will surf the internet at the highest speeds your coffee shop or hotel connection can provide , and - except maybe for heavy-duty photoshop cs2 editing - it will effectively run office or any other serious software you 're likely to have.the screen is large and sharp .
the keyboard is sized for real fingers , not little alien tentacles .
if too confining , the single usb port can be finessed with a daisy chain or a usb hub - but how much junk do you lug around all the time , anyway ?
those other maligned ports on the latitude ( a svga , a serial , a parallel and a din mouse/keyboard ) are actually pretty useful if you travel without tons of stuff , relying instead on whatever is in your destination 's inventory - mice , external projectors , older printers .
it works for me , anyway.so what 's not to like ?
this is the perfect sort of machine to lug around , day-to-day , in places and situations where you might get mugged ( say , la ) or crunched ( as on a bike . )
just put in a modern wireless card and hit the road .

1
... i have enjoyed this laptop except for the short battery life .
the only flip side to this is that the computer can be recharged within two hours .
however , for someone that travels a lot by air this fact is very limiting to how much i can use it .
and , i am not going to pay $ 250 for an extra battery .
sony must think me as being deranged to even consider that .
now that i have vented about the short battery life i shall focus on what the laptop does have : just about everything else .
it has all the ports that i need such as two usbs , serial , printer , and your audio and video ports .
it has managed to meet most of my business needs .
i would buy another sony .

1
the compaq armada that i got surplus from my dad 's work 2 years ago has been more than useful to me .
dependable , easy to use , a great desktop replacement laptop .
the only reason i say this is because of it 's weight .
but , as a hefty college freshman , i have no trouble transporting it to my classes .
if you want a good college work notebook , the armada is the one , but make sure you get an extra battery and network card .

1
for those shopping by spec , for some reason the lcd specs are messed up in many sources , including amazon currently .
just looked at models in a store , and neither the 2710 nor the 2715 have & quot ; native & quot ; 1600x1200 lcds .
the screens are 1400 x 1050 .
there is indeed a setting for 1600x1200 , but this merely allows the 1400x1050 screen to pan across the larger area.you may also want to know that the 2715 has 16m video ram vs the 2710 's 8m , which woudl be important if you are expecting to use dual-monitor desktop mode .

1
look dont let this price deceive you .
you still need to keep in mind that this thing is integrated so you cant customize its hardware in any way ( dell and gateway ) , so basically forget about high performance games since you cant change it graphics card .
but i wont lie , for this price i wouldnt pass it up .
it can still be a useful item to have .
just dont expect windows to come with this so you might be spending another 200 bucks for the os but i wouldnt use windows anyways just try linux .

1
old computers never die .
they become linux boxes .
debian 4.0 ( etch ) installed right out of the box and everything ran except the touchpad was slow ; all you have to do is edit /etc/x11/xorg.conf by adding the line : [ option `` accelfactor '' `` 2.5 '' ] to the synaptics touchpad section and it 's fixed .
most wireless cardbus adapters work ; just google how to install them .
the thing just plain works with debian , much faster ( even with only 256k ! )
and more stable than with anything microsoft sells .
best part is , the os and all the software are free !
wipe both of the windows partitions from your hard drive , install debian by taking over the whole disk , and you 'll have a machine with room to spare .
you 'll never look back .

1
i bought this model about 1 week ago .
it is a great system with a clear , bright and colorfull screen .
i have xp pro on it right now and it is flawless .
the video card is pretty good too as it has 16 mb with 3d mdac engine , i belive.fifa 2001 runs smooth on it , although to get fast non choppy play i have to cut the rendering in half .
it still looks killer with the ddr video memory though.i am sure that with an additionanl 256 ( for a total of 512 ) mb of ram , it would perform much better .
the 15 inch screen is impecable as sony always is.loaded with features it is an expensive piece of hardware , but well worth it depending on your profession .
i am an application developer and have put this baby to work with no problems.i did notice one bad thing , but this could be the norm for laptops .
it takes about 10 minutes to copy 500mb from one partition to the other .
weird.
-- -- update -- -- the system comes pre loaded with trend micro 's pc cillin antivirus .
the real time virus protection was causing the copy to slow down and even bring the computer to its knees .
after turning the real time file scan off , it worked like a charm.
-- -- update -- -- i added 256mb more to the laptop .
now it has 512mb of ram and the system is working better and faster .
it has not crashed on me once .
the book runs very cool .
it heats up just enough to let you know it is alive .
i took out the hard drive and it is an ibm 4200 rpm drive .
i had a thinkpad t21 pent iii 750 with a 14 ' screen before .
this sony vaio beats the heck out of the t21 , let me tell you that right now .
if you decide that this is your system , enjoy it !
!
all in all i rate it a 4+with the added memory it is a 5 star product .
: )

1
i have been using the notebook for about three months and found it to be 'excellent ' in terms of its output.sony could have added the 'floppy drive ' or the 'wireless connection ' , the battery lid is bit loose , but anyway uptill now it 's money 's worth.overall good blending of ' design ' and 'software'collections pre-installed by 'sony ' .

1
ya , i 've had the same problem with my 'compaq presario 700 ' , what i do is 'remove and reinsert the battery ' , and it boots up like new .
i 've played 'shogun : total war ' and it either locks-up and over heats , or shuts down .
so if your 'compaq ' shuts down and starts to run that little fan and starts to over heat , and your up til 2:00 am wondering what to do , save your self a heart ache by 'removing and reinserting the battery ' located on the bottom .
by removing and then reinserting the battery shuts down the 'compaq ' , your laptop will and should go back to normal .
i know , it 's scary when you do n't know what to do , and it puts you in a situation where your panicking , my god its overheating and i 've pulled the plug on my laptop , but its still on and running , and overheating .
do n't panick , 'remove and reinsert the battery ' located in the bottom , there 's a switch that pops out the battery , be cool , very cool .
i hope this was helpful .

1
many thanks to all who took the time to review this machine before me .
they helped me make an informed purchase.in brief : the speed is great .
the uxga screen is great !
battery life is lousy , but i knew that going in and do n't need more than an hour at a time .
i do n't notice or mind the fan , comes on intermittently for a few seconds once in awhile.it 's a big change in many ways from the ultra-tiny sharp actius it 's replacing , ( faster , better screen , fast big drive , heavier ) , but a good value.i have n't dealt with toshiba tech support , and i hope i do n't have to .
their web site seems very good for drivers and updates , and pretty bad for actual support , or discussion , or knowlege base type searching.i 'm happy with it after 4 weeks .

1
p4-1.6ghz : faster applications30gb : more storage than you usually need512mb ram : virtually no paging : all applications run in memory , more open applications without compromising speedddr : faster ram than before16mb video ram : better screen colors and faster graphics.dvd movies : as smooth as ever.cd-rw : cut your cds easilywin xp home : highly stable os ( despite what some may claim , this is not 98-class anymore .
i develop real apps on this ) quicker suspend and restart never ever have to shutdown.3usb ports , one for your digital camera , one for keyboard and one for mouse1 ilink port for your camcorder15 & quot ; display : great for a notebookjog dial : just a gimmick : - & gt ; looks good , runs fast , but you need a cart to carry it around.love it ... be the first one to buy it ...

1
the grx500 series machines are in a class by themselves .
in my opinion , their large keyboard and screen size make them head and heals over competitor laptops .
this can easily fill the role of being the only computer you need to own.sony 's 16.1 & quot ; tft is a wonder , improving any graphic it displays .
graphics appear with more presence , ambience and continuity , making the tft superior to crt monitors .
simulators and games appear more realistic .
competitor tfts are not as high of quality .
dvd playback is obviously superior due to the larger screen , pre-empting some of us from having to buy a dedicated dvd player.to give you an idea of what you can fit onto the standard 1600 x 1200 x 32 bit screen , consider the default-formatted excel spreadsheet at 100 % zoom with columns a through x and 57 rows visible !
i found the machine is usable on a plane despite its larger size .
you would definitely appear more professional with this machine next to smaller laptops you see in meetings on conference tables.the bundled software speaks to the superior audio and video output of this machine .
the pute has terrific , blow you away sound ( for a laptop , i.e .
do n't expect much bass ) with its yamaha sound card .
the three usb ports are very considerately located on three different sides of the machine .
furthermore , there are much larger & quot ; wrist rest & quot ; areas than on other laptops , making it more comfortable ergonomically.cons:1 .
as with several oem putes , you do not get a bootable xp disk , so if you lose the drive , you must recover to day 1 , unless you imaged the drive .
i lost config.sys , and sony said i needed to use the recover disks to get the pute back ( and erase a perfectly good drive .
however , if i had a ms xp setup disk , there is a utility to fix config.sys .
bottom line : image the drive if you get this pute after your customization.2 .
sony does not make or endorse a product which removes the inevitable fingerprints from the tft screen.3 .
sony customer support is not always knowledgeable about the machine .
for example , i asked if a usb floppy drive would be a bootable drive , the rep said no .
in reality , i found the machine can boot off a usb floppy .
( while i am on the subject , you should plan on eventually buying a usb floppy if you buy this machine for data exchange and drive image recovery .
they are fairly affordable ) .4 .
sony 's own vaio system software windows are dwarfed on the default huge 1600 x 1200 screen , and they can not be scaled up.5 .
sony does not appear to explain their audio/visual port specifications and how their power management system operates in concert with ms windows xp power management.6 .
the large adapter outputs 19.2 volts , an uncommon voltage .

1
for the amount of cons i have , you 'd think i hate this notebook .
quite the opposite .
this is my third notebook , ( fourth if you count a 286 laptop ) , all different brands , and by far this is my favorite notebook computer.pros : just look at the feature list as this notebook has just about everything you want .
great keyboard .
impressive screen resolution .
good battery life .
standby really works .
dvd cd-rw playback is great .
fast .
ok for multi-media editing.cons : cosmetic lights look cool for about 5 minutes .
surprised by no infrared - that 's my biggest complaint as i really need to backup my nokia phone thru an ir port .
no floppy - did n't notice for a week .
screen view angles - must view screen head-on .
probably typical of notebooks , but i had to buy a new ieee 1394 cable as the port size is 4 pin , not 6 pin like a desktop .
fair speaker quality .
wifi cuts battery life in half .
wifi range is about 1/2 that of an external usb linksys adapter .
i turn on & amp ; off wifi button with usb plugging in - too close together .
big and heavey computer , this is no toy .
wish it was xp professional .
built in mic is poor , certainly ca n't use speech recognition .
included non premium version of musicmatch software asks you for a handout everytime you try and close the program.i 'd buy it again , aside from missing ir , no regrets .

1
i have had this laptop for about 10 months now .
it 's very heavy when you add the second battery .
i have gone to a rolling laptop case for travel as my shoulder could n't take the weight.i added third party memory to bring it up to 512mb , i 'm on my third module .
i think the heat killed the others .
luckily i bought the lifetime warrenty , so it 's all been free replacements .
i recommend a laptop cooler as it gets very hot.i have been using it to capture minidv from my dvcamcorder .
i scan tape and capture unattended .
it works flawlessly .
for this use i highly recommend this laptop.overall , i like the computer , only draw backs are weight , and slow performance compared to other laptops i have used in the same class .

1
after doing some research on laptops for a few weeks i had decided to purchase a dell inspiron 2600 .
however , i decided to do a little more searching and came across the fxa53 for a very good price .
( $ 1380 before $ 100 rebate ) this laptop only takes about 40 seconds to boot up which is pretty good in my opinion .
it runs amazingly quiet and is very cool unlike some laptops that can get very hot , thus making it uncomfortable to have on your lap .
i mainly have two gripes with the laptop .
i wish it had came with a better video card .
watching dvd 's is ok , but in some parts in can become grainy .
this laptop would be perfect if it came with an nvidia card .
my second gripe is the horrible battery life .
i can only watch a dvd for about 1hour and 20 minutes before i get a warning that the battery is very low .
sony charges $ 250 for an additional battery which i think is outrageous for a battery that ca n't even last two hours .
if you decide to buy this laptop , buy an additional battery off of ebay for around $ 100 .
i like this laptop , but i wish sony would learn how to make better batteries .
my next laptop will probably be a dell , because their batteries last nearly 3 hours and are much cheaper .
if you plan to have your laptop plugged in the majority of the time , then this is a good buy , but if you 're like me and want to be able to use your laptop on the road then look elsewhere .
i do n't know how the other review managed to get his battery to last over 2 hours .
well , that 's all , hope this review was helpful .

1
i 've been satisfied thus far with my compaq presario 1500 .
( no , it 's not a 1505 , but the specs seem virtually identical . )
i 'm not its first owner , but it was in excellent shape when i bought it , and still is .
it 's a few months out of warranty now .
it 's not noisy , but i agree that it can run hot , especially if not given room to breathe ( do n't place it on a cushion or a tablecloth ) .
watching dvds often causes it to get hot enough to shut down the dvd player .
however , providing more airflow ( or a cool surface ) underneath can alleviate that problem .
i just purchased a slim , fan-cooled pad for the purpose .
works great and it 's usb-powered.i 've burned many a cd-r with my 1500 , with no problems .
burning cd-rws works fine , too .
however , i 've had little success erasing cd-rws , thus having to rely on my desktop for that process .
i could wish that i had a larger hard drive , but a friend of mine put together a 40-gb mini external hd ( made from a laptop hd and a mail-order external case ) that works great right through one of the 1500 's usb 2.0 ports ( without the need for any external power ! )
.
and of course , this allows one to simply place info on the mini-external drive then hot connect it to another computer via its usb .
a fast way to transfer data when not networked.when at home , my 1500 is also networked to my desktop and can print and share data easily with no problems .
i run windows xp pro and have occasional crashes , but i 'm running more software simultaneously on this unit than i 've ever run on any other computer .
yet , i would say that this computer does n't crash more than the others i 've used , including those in a work environment .
and in general , i attribute crashes to the software ( especially the os ) rather than the ` puter.i did have one scare with this unit .
one night i was working solely on battery power and had the warnings set very low ( only a few minutes ) .
after working thusly for over 2-1/2 hours ( i think it was closer to three ) , the screen suddenly went blank and i thought i heard a very small ` pop ' .
the unit seemed totally dead .
not a good feeling i assure you .
it was n't until i removed the battery and then reinserted it that the computer booted back up .
but i did n't try this trick until a full day after it had gone dead .
i was told that in such a situation , it 's a good idea to try to run the unit without the battery in place .
and before that , you should hold the power button down for about a minute to discharge any residual ( static ) charge .
because the computer started working again before i could try that advice , i ca n't comment on its effectiveness.by the way , i bought a carrying case with an apc adapter/charger that 's really designed for smaller ( 60w ) units .
however , as long as i 'm not using every bit of the computer 's 90 watts , this adapter works just great ( as the apc directions say it should ) .
i bought this case because it was on sale , and got a nice backup adapter to boot .

1
modem seems to be not having voice facility ( i tried with supervoice and supervoice reported this modem does not support voice ) there is no built in mic facility - so we need to carry a external mic with us all the time when we use internet telephony .

1
i read a lot of reviews and i kept coming back to this model of toshiba .
a tech person at our school district recommended this brand to me over dell , hp .
i am very pleased with my new purchase !
the fan does get a little noisy at times , but i have n't taken it to a classroom yet to see if it matters .
at home , i do n't care .
i am very pleased with the speed too .
it is a bit heavy compared to some others out there but i do n't mind .
the 15 '' screen is great !
i highly recommend everybody to look at all the reviews you can find to get all of the information you need before you buy .
the amazon reviews were the best resource for me .

1
this notebook looks great on paper : 2.0 ghz p4 cpu , 15 & # 65533 ; display , and a very low price .
it sounds almost too good to be true .
well it is true , but naturally toshiba had to cut cost somewhere to sell it at this price , and it is important to know where : cpu & # 65533 ; a desktop 2.0 ghz p4 not a lower power mobile p4-m .
the p4-m will give you longer battery life and will run cooler at the same frequency , however the p4-m cost more and we are clearly looking at a & # 65533 ; budget & # 65533 ; model here.display & # 65533 ; 15 & # 65533 ; lcd 1024-by-768 pixels .
not unusual but better notebooks will have 1280x1024 or higher displays .
the response time , contrast and luminance on this model is okay but not great .
more expensive models tend to have much better displays .
if the quality of the display is more important than the size , then get a notebook with a good quality 14 & # 65533 ; display instead.graphics - ati m6-p ( aka mobile radeon ) chipset with 16mb of video ram .
this chipset won & # 65533 ; t satisfy 3d gamers but it will work fine for most people .
it & # 65533 ; s not my first choice and it is slowly giving way to the superior radeon 7500c in notebooks in this price range ( see the hp xt125 ) .amazon.com has some of the specs wrong ( or missing ) that i thought i would clear up : ram - ddr-sdram not sdram .
this is important since the 266mhz ddr-sdram is twice as fast as 133mhz sdram .
only the oldest and cheapest notebooks still use the slower sdram.on die l2 cache - 512k not 256k .
this equals a 10-15 % performance boost over the 256k-cache model .
( if you a curious & # 65533 ; cache & # 65533 ; is a small but very fast block of memory that sits on the cpu .
this is the first place the cpu looks for data it needs .
if it isn & # 65533 ; t there it will get it from the ram .
the less often it has to go to the larger but slower ram the better . )
one other note that may interest you - pcworld magazine has this to say about this model : & # 65533 ; the toshiba satellite 1905-s301 lasted 4 hours , 11 minutes on one battery charge , shattering all previous records for pentium 4 notebooks in our tests.
& # 65533 ; this may not hold true for everyone , but it is a good sign .
however don & # 65533 ; t try watching a dvd and expect it to last this long .
the dvd motor , cpu usage and the constant lcd refresh will cut this time in half .
however under a normal software load you should do quite well.soin this model you are getting a very well featured laptop with a large display of average quality .
yes , if you spend more you can do better , but at this price it would be hard to beat this model .

1
a year and a half of use and it is stable , the display is fine , the battery life is nothing special.if you need to record audio , you 'll be surprised : the only input is mono !
this computer spends more time in hourglass mode or stuck with the hard drive spinning than i 'd like .
but if you watch your task manager , you may find , as i did , that it 's usually because certain program combinations cause one to start grabbing handles without stopping .
before i figured this out , i was ready to kill it .
i guess a lot of xp machines have had trouble with such hiccups , so you be the judge.yes the fan is noticable , but pleasant for a fan , i suppose .
the only overheating problem i 've had was when it was hot out , and i accidentally nudged the machine beside something on the desk that partially blocked the vent .
you can manage the fan intensity through the software .
no doubt this affects battery life , as do the other energy settings such as screen brightness .
***if you put a spacer of some kind under the back of the laptop , it cools better .
*** i 'll bet a lot of people who 've had trouble would benefit from that trick .
i only do it because i can feel how hot the desk gets under the vent area .
anything about the depth of a little dental floss box will do.the keyboard is fine for fast typists , good action for a laptop.it 's a budget machine , do n't expect sleek and light .
the touch pad is ok , nothing special .
there 's no numeric keypad , of course.get a usb hub , it has only two usb ports .
yes , it has wireless .
does well with a usb connection , but would n't interface with the qwest lan modem , so i was stuck using a shorter usb line it fortunately had.if i had it to do over , i 'd have gotten a desktop with more ram and speed , but if you need a laptop , the price/value ratio is not bad .
i have several programs up at once and am mostly happy when i do .

1
i loved this laptop it was great .
it had as much storage as i needed and it was easy to use .
the screen was nice and viewable and i loved all the funtions .

1
i read of peoples problems with other brands of computers all of the time .
i personally love my pcg-fxa63 vaio and would recommend it to anyone .
the only problems i have had were from human error ( mine ) .
the only drawback of this system is hard drive space , but that can be replaced easily enough.buy one , you wo n't be sorry !

1
after many years ... well 2 years ... and much heartache , i 86-ed my compaq presario laptop , and bought the vaio fxa63 .
much to my surprise , this little box did everything i wanted .
game performance was fine , and i found the graphics to be quite acceptable .
love being able to put 2 batteries in it .
best of all : solaris x86 runs on it like a dream .
( get the realtek driver and xfree86 drivers and away you go . )
snappy little box ; envy of all my working friends ( except those who upgraded to the fvr-28 ) .
wish it had a bigger drive and dvd writer , but for a year ago it was awesome .

1
i am a graduate student and i absolutely love this computer .
i have this exact model .
it is light , portable and is great for word processing and web searching .
i do n't do anything more than that so this is probably a fancier computer than i really & quot ; need & quot ; .
i rarely use the docking station so i carry it without .
however , i was very disappointed to find that one of my usb ports went out on me only a little after a year .
luckily i bought this computer at best buy and bought the 3 year performance plan which is well worth the money.as with any large purchase make sure to make sure your bases are covered just in case anything happens .
aside from the usb glitch , i do n't know where i would be without my computer -- the newer r505 has no docking station , is slimmer and lighter ...

1
i was looking for a decent laptop for under $ 1000 and this toshiba model fit the bill perfectly .
i wanted a laptop with cd-rw and dvd drives , a minimum of 256mb ram and 30gb hard drive space .
obviously , i was not looking for a professional laptop that is super-thin and light .
i was looking for something that can be a decent replacement for a desktop without paying $ 2000 for the privelege.this model has a very fast processor ( it is celeron , but if you are like most computer users , anything over 1 ghz is overkill ! )
, pretty spacious hard drive and the ability to record cd 's and watch dvd 's .
if you are into games that require 256mb of video ram , this is not the laptop for you , but i watch dvd 's on this laptop ( on just battery power ) and it plays back flawlessly.the laptop also comes with ms works software , software for creating cd 's , windvd and other goodies .
overall , a steal for under $ 1000 ( you can get it for under $ 1000 even though the list price is over $ 1100 right now ) .
it also has a huge 15 '' screen as opposed to the 14 '' screens that most low-end laptops have.the main disadvantages of the laptop that i see are : ( 1 ) no serial port .
this can be taken care of by using up one of the 3 usb ports and a usb to serial conversion cable .
( 2 ) the maximum resolution of the screen is 1024x768 ( i am used to 1280x1024 , so this is a bit of a pain in the neck ) .
( 3 ) only 2.5 hours of battery run time .
( 4 ) on the heavy side at almost 8 lb ( including battery , not including charger , adapter etc . )
.

1
this is a very good machine for users looking for a mobile desktop .
it has all the key features for a mobile desktop : powerful intel cpu , dvd , cd-rw , 15 '' screen , plenty of ram and hdd space.the cpu was built by intel to be used in desktops , not notebooks ; that mean it uses more power and runs a little hotter .
toshiba has been using desktop cpu in their low cost machines because they cost less .
if ( like many users ) you tend to plug your notebook in and use it at a desk , then this is a pretty good deal .
if you are looking for a thin , light , long life notebook that will sit on your lap for long periods , then this is n't the machine for you ( those machines are much higher up the price ladder ) .the graphics on this notebook are okay , but they wo n't run newer 3d games very well .
they are great for moderate gaming , cad work , or watching dvds .
in all fairness there are very few notebooks in this price range that have 3d gaming quality graphics .
the hp xt125 is an exception to this rule if you really want a gaming capable notebook ( it has it 's own tradeoffs like a 14 '' screen ) .
if you `` want it all '' you will have to spend a bit more money.this is a low cost notebook so you do n't quite get everything .
the quality of the components is good , but not first rate , the battery life is n't a long as more expensive offerings , and this is n't a notebook built for hardcore gamers .
but if you want a powerful computer you can carry around with a large screen , then you wo n't find many that compare in this price range .

1
i 've just received this unit and i 'm very happy by its appeal even though it is a bit on the heavier side .
till now it has performed flawlessly .
it 's a snappy performer as well .
i tested some applications and the response time was good .
the sound quality was average-good .
the lcd is perfect ( no dead pixels ) .
however i was dissappointed when i found it did'nt have an ir as i would have used it with my palm .
in all , the product is quite good and of course it 's a toshiba ( nothing to beat them in notebooks ...

1
the toshiba satellite really tries to match feature-for-feature most of the things you 'd want on a laptop/desktop replacement .
the lcd screen is bright and clear , the components that you need are all there -- dvd , floppy , 30gb hard drive and a reasonably fast 1.8 ghz celeron cpu.the system runs hot , however , because the battery on this unit is really not what i 'd call good .
it specs out around 2 hours but i get less time than that on mine .
( batteries can vary widely . )
so , for long plane trips when you are stuck in coach with no ac outlet at hand , you are going to have to work fast before your system conks out , or else carry an additional charged battery.there are three usb ports , a network 10/100 support and a 56k modem that on my unit connects at almost the theoretical maximum speed .
these connectivity features are essentials for a portable , along with the touchpad pointer .
i am not a fan of touchpads , but the one on the satellite works particularly well , allowing me to forgo my cordless mouse on a cramped airplane tray table.neither the celeron cpu nor the nvidia graphics on board this unit will be suitable for graphics-heavy work or games -- it 's a bit underpowered for these applications.if the satellite only had a better battery , i 'd rate this a top-class road warrior .
as it is , this unit has almost everything you want but it 's not a one-hundred percent laptop for extended off-powerline use nor a full desktop replacement .
it 's kind of a compromise , but for the price , a reasonably good set of trade-offs .

1
i have had the 1415-s173 for 4 years now .
and the best analogy i can give for it is this : this laptop is like a honda civic .
it 's simple and reliable .
it 'll never wow you with it 's power or features .
( in fact , it would n't do it back in 2002 , when it was an above-average laptop ) , but it 's efficient , well made , very sturdy ( it can handle the errant fall .
just trust me on this one ) , and is a great deal for the price .
you 'll get a lot of mileage out of it .
provided it 's plugged in .
the only knock i have on the laptop is it 's awful battery life .
you are only guaranteed about an hour of battery life unplugged , much less then what the computer 's battery icon on the screen states.for the last 4 years , i 've used this laptop for everything : work from home , gaming , spreadsheets , powerpoint , business trips , writing , internet , media , and photos - it does it all.i must admit , since one of my hobbies is computer gaming , the toshiba 1415-s173 does not have enough hardware or power to handle todays games , or even the top-line games from a year or so ago .
but let 's be honest .
if you are buying a laptop solely for games , odds are you are not looking at this laptop first .
just be aware your computer gaming choices will be limited somewhat , as should be expected from an older system.one potential drawback for the toshiba is that it may not have enough power to handle windows vista .
so caveat emptor , if you buy , you are probably stuck running windows xp.when i do buy my new top-of-the-line laptop with all the bells and whistles , i fully intend to keep my good ol ' reliable toshiba .
it 's a great piece of hardware , has rarely let me down , and can still do most tasks required for work and home .
i have definitely used my money 's worth on this system .
if you purchase it today , odds are you will get your money 's worth from it as well .

1
this is a great work horse , fully adequate for day to day activities like email , web browsing , cd recording , dvd playing , office applications , and the likes .
with its 16 mb of dedicated graphics memory , the nvidia chipset also allows for moderate gaming , if so desired .
this is a great step ahead of most other offers in this price class , since the majority of the competition in this price segment seems to rely on sharing main memory for graphics .
the latter approach is not only costing the user memory , but also tends to be slower than dedicated graphics memory.while the standard 256 mb ram initially seem to be adequate , over time it turns out that in order to take full advantage of the capabilities of this machine , another 256 mb are helpful .
since there 's an empty slot readily available , inserting a pc2100 s0-dimm oneself is a no-brainer.depending on the user 's environment , there 's also an optional wireless card available that can be mounted inside the laptop computer .
given the relatively steep price tag of the internal card , the user will have to decide whether to go with this option , thus keeping the pc card slot available , or rather opting for any of the readily available pc card wireless cards.given the fact that the internal card only allows for 802.11b , some users might consider this at a mere 11 mbit/sec to be too slow and thus will rather sacrifice the pc card slot to insert a card capable of higher wireless transmission rates as provided by 802.11a and/or 802.11g.in order to get the most out of the battery , it is important to adjust the power management settings accordingly .
out of the box , the defaults are set to provide maximum performance , thus draining the battery pretty fast .
if , however , the settings are adjusted to preserve battery life , the battery lasts easily for more than two hours ( well , that 's still depending on what you 're doing - playing cd 's or dvd 's it 'll obviously drain faster ) .one major drawback of this laptop is its considerable weight ; at 8 lbs it serves well for a dedicated workout of various muscle groups when lugging it around.on the other hand , the display is clear and bright enough to use as a replacement for a 17 '' crt tube .
with its 15 '' lcd display it offers almost the same visible area .
if resolutions higher than the lcd 's 1024x768 are required an external monitor can be attached - but in order to do the higher resolutions justice my recommendation is to attach at least a 19 '' crt or an 18 '' lcd externally.while the keyboard takes a bit of time to get used to , it operates better than a lot of the cheap `` standard '' keyboards quite often included in package deals for desktop machines.toshiba also paid attention to detail when placing the delete key .
while a lot of other notebook manufacturers place it too close to a key like shift , backspace or enter , thus risking accidental deletion of characters , the key is easily accessible on the keyboard , yet sufficiently separated from these two other keys that one does not accidentally operate it.after some initial adjustment of its sensitivity , i 've also come to appreciate the glide pad , even though i used to swear by the razor-tip control offered by my previous notebook and laptop computers.with the excellent sound provided by this system , and the fact that it is one of the quietest laptops i have encountered to date , this is a pretty good buy .

1
you may have noticed toshiba is selling two very different notebooks for the same price : the 1955-s803 and the 5205-s703 .
so which is better ?
the 1955 cost about the same as the 5205 , has the same memory , same hdd , a bigger screen and faster cpu , so it must be the best choice right ?
well maybe not.the 1955 has a nice big 16 '' lcd , but the *quality* of that screen is much lower than the 15 '' screen on the 5205 .
also the 1955 is using a p4 desktop cpu , whereas the 5205 uses a p4 mobile cpu .
the desktop cpu runs hotter and drains the battery faster.so which is better ?
well it depends on what you want .
the 1955 is a great choice if you are going to plug into a wall socket and do n't plan to use your notebook on your lap ( the bottom gets hot ) .
it more like a desktop computer you can move around easily .
the 5205 is a better choice if you need more battery life or want a very high quality screen to reduce eyestrain , do cad work , or to play the latest 3d games.personally i prefer the 5205 for the longer battery life and high quality screen .
the build quality is also a little better ( both are good ) .cpu:1955 2.5 ghz p4 desktop cpu5205 2.0 ghz p4 mobile cpu ( cooler , battery last longer ) screen:1955 16 '' lcd 1280x1024 pixels ( that pixel count is too low for a 16 '' ) 5205 15 '' lcd 1660x1200 pixels ( provides a much sharper image ) graphics chipset:1955 nvidia geforce4 440 go ( good enough for some 3d games , light cad ) 5205 nvidia geforce4 460 go ( about 30 % faster than the 440 ) weight:1955 9.5lbs ( getting a little heavy ) 5205 7.5lbs ( not bad ) both offerings have serious competition ... so look around .

1
first things first .
this laptop is not for everyone .
if you spend 6 days a week on the road , or need a computer on those long cross-country flights , this is not the machine for you ( heavy , battery life can be a problem ) .however , if you are like me , and typically just move large files and computing power from point a to point b and back again and do n't want to press out a new dvd or ftp every day to move information from one computer to another , this is the machine for you.you ca n't find a cheaper laptop with this much memory , processing speed and hard drive space ( thanks to savings from the desktop processor ) .
the large screen means you really do n't need to worry about hooking up the machine to a larger monitor even when you are working for long hours ( though the resolution is an issue ) .while the detachable keyboard and wireless mouse may seem like a novelty , they are notable for one reason .
they essentially allow you to create a docking station without the docking station .
pop out the keyboard , set-up the mouse and essential turn the rest of the laptop into a monitor .
presto , a desktop-style working situation that has the advantage of being easily moved to any location.i would not recommend for people who need traditional laptops .
but for anyone who needs a mobile desktop , definately worth a hard look .

1
the configuration is great , especially for desktop replacement since it is a little on the heavy side and the battrey life is not good enough.upside : great performance for entertainment and gamesgreat layout of all ports and drives a separate button to scroll comes in handy for browsingcomes with usb 2.0 and 1394 for digital video.jbl speakers are great for their size.down side : heavy not very protable.battrey life is lowdisplay lets you down especially when you consider all the other cool features on the pc .
the resolution is not great and fudges small size fonts.overall a good buy

1
had good experience since purchasing it 2 weeks ago .
the sxga screen is good for watching dvd movies .
the laptop has good exterior styling .
to add to the confusion on the usb ports , mine says usb 2.0 and i was able to transfer videos ( 1 minute to transfer for a 1-minute video clip ) from my mini-dv camera to the laptop through the usb.the fan switches on and off periodically .
the fan could be quieter though.all in all it is a good laptop for the price and i recommend it .

1
i 've had this laptop for about a month now and have been pleased with its performance.i want to clear up a few misconceptions before i begin .
the ati radeon 7500 included in this laptop is dedicated video memory .
ati does not make a 7500 variant that uses shared video ... the 3d performance of this laptop is on par with some desktops .
counterstrike runs flawlessly , and so does the new splinter cell demo ( which has a few slowdowns w/ everything maxed out ) .i had no bad pixels on my screen and was impressed at the overall quality of the laptop .
the only complaint i have is the rear port cover .
it seems to be made of cheap plastic that will break over extensive use .
thankfully , you can remove this piece by removing 2 screws , but the fit was so tight i was reluctant to snap it off .

1
*performance*everybody thinks that intel is superior to amd .
this is not true for processors under 2.0ghz ( intel is the champion above 2.26ghz with 533mhz fsb ) .
if you take a look at the tomshardware.com cpu benchmarks , you would notice that amd xp1800+ even beats out the 2.0ghz of intel in most applications ( amd xp 1800+ at 1.53ghz beating a intel p4 at 2.0ghz ? )
.
however , compaq does not make full use of the amd xp power .
the video graphics is good because ati is the best , but it uses shared memory architecture ( main memory - video memory = available memory ) , which is not very fast compared to embedded memory architecture .
for example , if you have 256mb of memory installed on your laptop and use 16mb for your video , then you actually only have 240mb of memory .
this should n't bother you too much since 240 is still sufficient .
you can always add memory later .
furthermore , dvds play great without any stuttering , and 3d games runs pretty smoothly .
*accessories and software*what amazon.com does n't tell you is that it does not come with a floppy drive .
compaq is offering it free after rebate just to let you know .
the installed softwares are a nuisance .
compaq put so much garbage on it , and they put their name everywhere .
just uninstall as much as you can .
also remember to visit windows update to get the most recent patch for win xp .
*design*the housing of the notebook is very impressive .
the black and silver combination and modern style will make you want to clean and take care of it like a new luxury car .
very solid .
the keyboard is smooth and allows comfortable typing .
the touchpad is smooth as well as it is stylish .
however , personally , i do n't like where all the input/output ports are located .
everything is in the back except the pcmcia port and dvd/cdrw drive .
so , if you 're a mobile person , you 'll be reaching for the back a lot .
*conclusion*this notebook is a excellent value only if you get the rebates .
i think people should reconsider if the rebates were not offered because it is not worth its + $ [ $ $ ] price tag .

1
sony vaio grv 550 is an excellent laptop with huge 16 '' display and 2.4 g processor , it is an ideal desktop replacement .

1
in more ways than one .
for the price this is a really good notebook .
i love it .
the keyboard is great , the cpu is fast more than enough ram .
a nice big screen to watch those dvds.now for the negative .
why would they make the power supply so big it makes it so hard to make this ... portable , its as big as a brick .
not enough video ram , 16 megs is just not enough .
its rather noisy , i put a cd in there and its sounds like its going to take off .
the battery life is terrible 1hour 30 minutes , if time is important to you get another battery ( it takes two if you wish ) the terrible battery life is to be expected though considering the power and screen size you are carrying around.despite my negative comments , i recommend this system it has a whole lot of band for the buck .

1
i do want to point out that this unit does not have a irda infrared port .
it can be easy to miss that from the specs as , until recently , it was a fairly ubiquitous feature .
but the 906us does not include it .
others in the 900 series do , but this doesn't.now , this is no big deal to most users , which is one reason that some oems are dropping the irda from their chipsets .
but if you 're used to synchronizing your palm or visor with your notebook via infrared , then you 'd best plan on bringing your usb cable if you buy this notebook.this does n't change my positive review of this unit posted below .

1
bought this lappie a week ago .
dvds play fine and display is decent .
what i did not like is that it has only 1 ps/2 port which means that either you can connect a mouse or a keyboard but not both simultaneously .
futhermore i noticed that when i connect a mouse the system freezes occasionally for a second completely ( the sound as well as display ) .if you research well you will get this one for *well* below $ ... with mail in rebates and other discounts.overall a decent machine for the price.pros:1 .
ram upgradable to 1gb2 .
dvd/cdrw is really handy on a lappie3 .
s-video out4 .
affordable ; good value for money5 .
light for its pricecons:1 .
only 1 ps/2 .
can connect an external keybord or mouse , but not both2 .
system freezes occasionally when mouse connected to ps/23 .
ctrl key at an awkward location ( not the leftmost in the bottom row ) 4 .
gets over heated if not placed on a completely flat surface5 .
could not find the specs but i suspect that the fsb rating is not really good .

1
great notebook for the money.however dissapointed with the fact that there was no ati 7500 video.i think hp should compensate customers for that misleading information.most people bought it for based on that information.i must admit however that the machine runs very well .

1
i must agree with dave from oregon .
this laptop is great !
... the only gripe i have is the fan .
it 's a bit on the loud side .
i do n't notice my friends with dell or ibm making this much noise .
the screen is clear , the keyboard is responsive and the quick buttons at the top of the keyboard eliminate steps as well as room on the taskbar or desktop .
i just wish they put hardkey dvd controls on the front or side ( volume is there ) .
overall , a great machine for the money !

1
i bought one of these in may 2003 because at the time it was the most cost effective purchase in the store .
it has performed faultessly since i bought it ; however , i use it a lot for memory intense photography work and had to upgrade the memory early on because it was not working properly for this application .
once done , the machine has been incredibly reliable and goes everywhere with me : us , europe , africa and the middle east .
only the limited ram prevents this laptop from getting my fifth star .

1
compaq presario 2100us notebook pc is not top of the line notebook but it 's not bad at all .
for the price it 's a very good value for money ( mail-in rebate + free external floppy drive from hpshopping.com after mail-in rebate ) .
i did comparison-shopping between multiple compaq presario 's and toshiba satellite 's and went with this one because of the following : pros:1 .
reasonable configuration1.1 ) intel celeron ( 1.6 ghz ) is not a bad processor .
in today 's race for 2.4+ pentium p4s you have to pay at least two hundred bucks more just to acquire a better processor .
in my opinion , it 's not worth the price unless your needs are business-critical.1.2 ) 256mb ddr sdram is good enough to start with ; 512 would be better .
anyway , it 's expandable to 1 gb , so when the memory prices drop , upgrade it !
1.3 ) a 14.1-in xga tft display screen is not too small when compared with 15 '' 1.4 ) 30gb enhanced-ide hard disk drive , a dvd+cd-rw combo drive .
video graphics card and sound-quality are ok1.5 ) an integrated 56k modem and 10/100 ethernet network card etc.2 .
good looks- i like it 's light-gray lookscons1 .
touch pad mouse is not friendly at all .
other brands offer better precision.2 .
pre-installed cd burner software can not burn data cd 's - it presents options for music cd 's etc .
i still need to install some other software 's and play with them to burn data cd's3 .
some people may find cooling-fan and hard-disk a little noisy & annoying - being a computer professional i 'm ok with those4 .
tons of useless software is preinstalled for you that you may not use in your life .
many software 's will ask you to buy their full versions for enhanced-features.many people buy bigger & better machines that they do n't really need .
if 2100us fits your requirements then it 's a good buy for its competitive price !

1
the laptop looks very nice and well designed .
the colot scheme with silver/carbon black is great .
the keyboard is well laid out .
the fan is n't noisy and mobile athlon is great !
battery life is in excess of 3 hrs and laptop does n't get hot either .
the lcd is good and has good range of viewing angle .
the warranty support from compaq is better than hp , atlhough both are same companies now .
if you want blue scheme instead of silver try the hp ze4200 series and its same hardware as compaq.the prices are low in most local stores than amazon .
kudos to hp/compaq for designing such low cost and fully functional laptop .

1
overall , i 've been pleased with this laptop .
downsides are that the cooling fan is very noisy , and it is heavy .
the upsides are that the fan , while noisy , keeps the thing from burning your lap !
another upside is that it has everything in terms of pc interfaces .
it is an all-in-one that is probably best used as a & quot ; portable & quot ; due to its weight , rather than as a laptop.there 's one feature that i **love** and have been wanting on a laptop for a long time : the trackpad has a button above it that let 's you turn the trackpad off !
!
this prevents errant mouse clicks while you 're typing .
bravo compaq for this feature !
another good feature of the trackpad on this machine is that it has a dedicated scroll area which apparantly emulates a wheel mouse 's wheel .
this lets you scroll windows without having to find the pgup/pgdown keys.mine has a stuck red pixel , like another reviewer 's machine.while the machine comes with windows xp , i wiped the disk and i run suse linux v8.1 on it instead .
the ati radeon mobility display chip is not supported by x out of the box ( you can use the frame buffer driver instead , and its ok ) , but an x update exists from suse which apparantly supports the graphics chip with accelleration .

1
... the toshiba satellite 1415-s105 ca n't beat the cheaper hp x125 on any grade except for sceen size ( and there is a catch to that ) .let 's compare these two models : hp pavilion xt125cpu : 1.6 ghz celeron ( built on a p4 core with a smaller cache ) ram : 256 mb ddr ram - good20gb hard drive - good enoughgraphics card : ati mobility radeon 7500c w/32mb - very gooddisplay diagonal size : 14 inches - finelcd resolution : 1024x768 - good for a 14 '' toshiba satellite 1415-s105 ( cost 10 % more ) cpu : 1.6 ghz celeronram : 256 mb ddr ram - good20gb hard drive - good enoughgraphics card : nvidia geforce4 420 go w/16mb - pretty gooddisplay diagonal size : 15 inches - goodlcd resolution : 1024x768 - not great for a 15 '' summary : the xt125 has a better graphic chipset , and a smaller screen that uses the same number of pixels as the toshiba .
what does that mean ?
well the better graphics chipset on the hp will run 3d games and applications better .
the larger screen on the toshiba uses the same number of pixels as the 14 '' screen on the hp , so the image on the toshiba wo n't be as sharp .
so if you really want a 15 '' and you do n't care about screen quality , this might be okay for you .
personally i think a 15 '' lcd screen aught to have 1280x1024 pixels .

1
i love my toshiba .
i 've used it for everything , and any problems i ever had with it were easily resolvable by googling information or calling toshiba .
i still have it nowadays but it needs repair - the lcd hinges broke because i kept using it on the subway and abused the monitor hinges pretty badly ( always bending them back and forth , leaving them vulnerable to bumpy roads , train tracks , etc ... when i rode transportation of any kind ) .the other issue is that around the same time the lcd issue was arising , my hd burnt out .
i finally got all of my data off it , but it was a horrible process .
i used and abused the crap out of this thing .
once before , i think the motherboard fried and the local repair shop ( under warranty by toshiba - which is great ) took care of it but notified me i needed to spray ( air cannister ) the vent more often because it was quickly getting dirty ( remember ?
subway system , outdoors all the time , etc ) .
so i did n't really pick up the habit and eventually the hd died too , supposedly for similar reasons.i am now going to replace hd and fix hinges ( costing me approx .
$ 150-200 ) , but it 's worth it for this laptop .
i will say the laptop is a bit heavy , but has an amazing design ( the reason it 's heavy heh ) .also , for the reviewers who complain about this breaking after warranty , i have to say - 1 yr warranty is ridiculous .
anyone who buys a laptop should at least do 2-3 years .
i personally going forward will probably buy cheapy laptops , or refurbs more often and just buy extended warranties with them .
it 's a different philosophy but it works for me !
that way every 3 years i 've spent $ 700-800 max on a laptop and i can move on to a new one if mine dies.oh also , this laptop does n't run too hot like many out there - i love that fact and the fact that it has so many useful ports ( firewire , multiple usb , s-video , etc ) .i should note this was my first ever laptop .
now i 'm a bit more careful with trains , etc ... hope this is helpful !

1
power packed little pc - but bear in mind : the bad : xp home edition ( not pro ) only 1 ram slot.battery life not real long.the good : dvd burner included.it 's fast for a laptop.it 's real fast .
: )

1
having come from a sat 2805-s603 , this new laptop is carried from home and work every night and i leave it on all day .
i 'm very happy with it so far .
there 's more to this laptop than the casual mobile user would ever need .
this is not a barebone system , so it will weigh more , use more power , and get warmer than the rest.screen : impressive clarity with the 15 & quot ; ( casv ) screen .
as a test at the store , i was able to read terminal 6pt font from a distance of about a yard .
it 's that sharp .
if you truly multitask with apps , you 'll appreciate this .
dvd viewing is fluid and stutter free .
sound : crisp and loud , the internal subwoofer is a bonus .
no internal dolby ac-3 processing but it will let you offload it to your home amp with it 's s/pdip plug .
which is sold separately : ) processor/ram : out of the box , it ought be good enough for most application development for the next couple years .
quality : solid overall build , some flimsy plastic port covers that must be used with some care .
i 'm sure this system will be rendered obsolete long before i wear out it 's construction .
drives : no floppy drive ( gon na take some getting used to ) .
so i 'm starting to use the integrated securedigital ( sd ) drive .
if you get yourself simpletech 's bonzai flash drive , it takes an sd card and can be connected to anybody 's usb 1.1 port .
gon na taking some getting used to but floppies are dead .
vaio and dell owners in the office are green with envy .
ram : shipped with two 256mb chips which take up both available slots to make 512mb ; any mem upgrade will require excessing one of them .
size : bigger than average cases , shop around for a good case .
removable drives : not sure why the sd drive does n't go past 256mb .
just thinking ahead .
o/s : media center seems a bit buggy with the tv tuner and windvd running side-by-side .
needs another software build/patch it feels .
ports : note only one pcmcia slot available .

1
i have read from others and am experiencing myself , the hard drive clicking about every 2 minutes or so .
it is not only annoying , but also indicative of a future failure , and stalls the system when it clicks .
so i am going to try and exchange it since i 've only had it a week .
intel does offer a fix for this problem on many notebooks , i think it only happens on 40gb models , however the fix is not compatible with the chipset of the notebook .
have others had this problem ?

1
this laptop is for someone who cares about the look more than anything else ... i can tell this laptop is very sinsetive and you 'll have to take care of it and treat it as if its an expensive peace of glass , so be gentle with it.i bought this 8 month ago and until now i did n't face any problem with it .
sony is a powerful company .
you never regret what you spent .
& amp ; i highly recommand this product : )

1
a refurbished version was given to me as a gift .
it works great for me .
only issues:1 ) left touchpad button has become flaky .
maybe overuse on my part.2 ) 256mb was insufficient for watching dvd movies .
i installed additional 256mb and playback was improved.btw , hp support is excellent .
they have an active chat support utility that is available online that allows you to 'chat ' in real time with support personnel .

1
satellite 1135-s125appearancelooks nice .
serious deep blue on black .
no foo-foo arty pastels .
professional looking.build qualityrobust construction , definitely above average .
underside gets uncomfortably warm when sat on lap for extended period .
keyboard quite good , perhaps a little soft , but way ahead of main competitors in this price range.display bright - viewing angle restrictive - color fidelity not that great especially on skin tones , yellows , reds generally .
blues dark .
these defects not the least uncommon on wide range of tfts , not just this toshiba display .
it 's really rather a good'n in its class .
1024x768 resolution is just fine with 15 inch display.windows xp is resident os and should be endured only by repenting sinners deserving of the torture .
i replaced it within a week with win 2000 pro.memoryi found samsung 256mb memory stick to add to installed 256mb for $ 25 after mail-in rebate , for total of 512mb.wificontrary to editorial review this page , you *can* easily install internal mini pci wifi card .
got mine from computers4sure for $ 90 inclusive of tax and shipping .
advantage over external pcmcia card is attachment to internal antenna which provides greater range .
found much easier to pick up roaming hot spots .
nothing sticking out to get snapped off , either.cpucontrary to toshiba official line , the processor *is* socketed and upgradeable ( least ways , upgradeable by your resident geek ) .
should take the 2.4gh celeron without a problem .
same bios revision .
not economical now given price , but maybe in future .
maybe get you 12 % usable performance increase , or , if the original processor fries , it can easily be replaced .

1
i just have played with ze5375 for weeks .
i think this is a good laptop in this price range .
its graphic performance is not satisfied to me however when i tried to change the background pictures it takes seconds to refresh .
i do n't know why and i do n't think a p-4 2.4 system should act like that.another thing i do n't like is some software you have to install by yourself my machine was missing burner software the software cd is included in the package though ... basicly this laptop is fair on its price .

1
awesome notebook if you stick with xp home but hp support will tell you they will not support xp pro if you upgrade or fresh install .
( but you can & quot ; build to order & quot ; straight from hp with pro installed . )
how odd that hp support will tell you that they do n't have the drivers.while i had xp home for a couple of days the one thing i did notice is the wireless network & quot ; monitor & quot ; would not report a connection correctly .
using linksys wireless-g router ( 801.11b mode ) i had a pretty good connection ( 30 ' + 1 wall + 1 window ) however , while surfing the internet the network monitor was saying no connection.i have since installed xp pro and have not been unable to get the wireless to work.actual battery time is a little over stated as usual .
i 'm averaging just over 2hrs actual up time on my machine which is n't long enough for some dvd 's .
better get an extra battery or auto/air adapter for this one if you plan on using any cpu/graphic intensive applications on a long flight.one more thing worth mentioning is it seems hp has gone to shipping there product without installing the `` pre-installed '' software .
upon first boot i was left at a completely fresh os with nothing on it .
you have to dig for their application software to install the things you want ( i.e .
dvd software , corel , acrobat reader . )
i personally like this method but they do n't tell you clear enough in the instructions , like place this notice first in the `` quick start '' guide or something .

1
hi , i 'm a technician .
i 've been dealing with a lot of laptop models for many years and know what to shop for .
i can only tell you that this model is pretty good despite other customer reviews .
i got my unit refurbished ( i recommend new ) and tested all its features within 5 days to make sure everything is fine with it .
i 've had great experiences with a lot of pavilion model hp computers and bad experiences with compaq name brand desktops and some laptops .
here 's some advice to follow when you are shopping for a laptop:1- if you need power similar to a desktop , stay away from celeron processor and centrino laptops .
stick with pentium 4 or higher.2- if at all possible , i purchasing on-line , print out the laptop specs and go to your nearby computer store and see if they have one on display to see how it works , size it up then purchase if you really like it.3- if at all possible , before purchasing it , call the customer service for hte name brand you want and see how their customer service is like .
make sure the computer you 're about to purchase has a 1 year warranty.3.5- if at all possible , avoid units with built-in wireless connectivity if you need long range wireless networking .
built-in units have a shorter range .
also , the wireless unit in this one works under xp professional without problems after upgrading.4- when you 've decided on purchasing your computer and have received it , look for the restore cd 's and perform a complete restore of the system .
sometimes manufacturers install new utilities that could interfear or cause freezes on the computer.5- keep the computer on for about 2 days and see if it freezes or has errors in operation .
also test how long the batteries last once its fully charged .
if you do n't perform these tests within a week , most places you purchased from wo n't take it back and some manufacturers wo n't replace it under warranty.if you need any more advice , contact someone you trust that knows about computers or contact me -or- leave a review here to contact you at .

1
apple is really doing a great job with this ibook line .
sleek , compact and great looking - they have a lot of bang for the buck .
my mother , who switched from macs to pcs years ago , switched back to the mac with this ibook .
she loves it .
these books come with a buch of software that will set most people up just fine : quicken , world book encyclopedia , otto matic ( game ) , faxstf , iphoto , imovie , itunes , preview ( for graphics viewing , and others as well as appleworks which has word processing , spreadsheets , database and drawing/painting .
appleworks can even open , edit and save microsoft word and excel files from other macs or pcs - talk about compatability !
plus they have lots of computing power - do n't let the 900mhz thing fool you .
macs have a very different processor from pcs with intel chips .
this laptop has plenty of punch for the things that most of the world does.i am surprised at the negative review posted here .
i suspect that the reviewer did n't really look at what she had already installed .
as for the realplayer ?
i use it all the time on my mac , and it is the free one.i would definately buy one of these again ( although i do think that the ibook 900 with the 12 '' screen is a better buy .
the specs are similar and it is a little more compact . )

1
i have the 800 mhz model , and i have to say it 's a great machine .
light in weight ( i can hold it in one hand easily ) , fast , and super sleek .
the operating system , os x , is fantastic : powerful , beautiful , and it does n't crash !
the book comes with quite a bit of software , and despite what someone else wrote here it does run realplayer just fine , as well as display web pages properly .
it comes with appleworks which can open and save in the word format , so that is a non-issue.it plays dvd 's perfectly , and itunes 4 burns cd 's as fast as my external firewire drive .
if the speakers were just a bit better ( i.e .
as good as the legendary pismo model ) , i would give this mac 5 stars.btw , before relying on a windows user for info about macs , talk to a knowledgeable dual platform user such as myself .
you 'd find the stuff you hear ( they are slow , over priced , apple is dying , etc . )
is just not true .

1
i bought a 12-inch powerbook after i gave my old sony vaio notebook the pete townshend treatment - i put my fist through it .
( yes , it looks like a stained glass window . )
i had n't used a mac in years , but i decided i 'd had it with microsoft and windows .
all it took was one weekend and a good book - `` mac os x : the missing manual , '' by david pogue -however , and i mastered the machine.softwarethe computer comes with some great software .
itunes is the best media player on the market .
i have almost 5,000 songs stored on mine .
with the search function and browser display , it is easy to find a particular song .
itunes also keeps track of the number of times you 've listened to a song and it allows you to rate your songs .
it 's easy to create a playlist .
also , burning one of those playlists onto a cd can be done with one click.safari is a great web browser .
it has a google search box built into the toolbar , prevents pop-up ads ( i 've never had one ) , has tabbed browsing ( preventing a cluttered desktop ) , and allows for bookmarks to be added with one click.ichat allows mac users to customize their aim and rendezvous chat sessions in ways that the normal applications do n't allow , such as adding pictures from iphoto to their profile.i have n't mastered iphoto yet , but it is downloading pictures from a digital camera is as easy as plugging it into the usb port and clicking a button.also , macs are less likely to get a virus or be overtaken by spyware.the ical and address book look good , but if you are going to sync a pda with your mac , you are better off using palm desktop software .
hopefully the functionality of those programs will be improved in the future though.finally , most of the programs work with each other .
for example , if someone on my ichat buddy list is online , a green dot will appear next to a message from him or her in my mail inbox.i also use microsoft office , quicken , dreamweaver mx , and palm desktop - they all work well on the mac .
office shares files perfectly with pcs.hardwarespend the money and get the superdrive ( cd-rw/dvd-r ) .
dvds have more memory than cds and blank dvd-rs are becoming more affordable .
if you are into collecting videos of concerts , a dvd-r is a must.i 'd recommend upgrading to at least 768 mb of memory and the 80 gb hard drive .
burning a dvd requires a lot of memory and can take a while - this way you can use other applications while burning a dvd ( on my old pc , if i was burning a cd , i could n't use anything else ) .
the hard drive space is really cheap .
plus , if you load your cds on your computer , they can eat up a lot of memory , even as mp3s ( my 5,000 songs take up about 25 gb ) .also , there is a lot to be said for getting the airport exteme card ( although you can buy a third-party base station for less ) .
i am able to browse the internet in any room of my house - well worth the extra $ 100 or so.i have the 12-inch monitor , but that was because apple had n't released the 15-inch in the new style when i made my purchase .
the 12-inch is fine - it 's much clearer than my old pc notebook - but if i had the opportunity , i 'd probably go with the bigger monitor.drawbacks-while most software is available for mac os x , there are some programs that are n't ( google toolbar , yahoo !
toolbar , kazaa , avantgo ) or minor problems in software that is available ( quicken ca n't access accounts on ameritrade via macs ) -the powerbook does n't have a fan , which is great for the battery , but can cause it to get a bit hot underneath where the user rests his left hand.regardless of those drawbacks , however , buying a mac was an easy decision .
if you have any questions about it , click on my profile and send me a e-mail.update : after 14 months , the hard drive started making noise and system performance got slow and i could n't run as many programs as i used to .
i called apple and had to spend $ 300 for them to put in a new hard drive and some other hardware .
they were unable to transfer my data to my new hard drive , so i 've spent the past four days reloading all of my software and applications .
no idea why the hard drive went .
hence i dropped the rating from five stars to four .

1
the machine is nicely constructed , my wife loves the keyboard ( which for her was the determining factor for the purchase ) .
the 2.66ghz processor with 512m ram will be more than enough for anything she can throw at it for years to come , the machine is well suited to her needs .
it sits in the same spot and rarely moves .
the screen is sharp and bright.here are some of the things that would bother me , but have no impact on the casual user:1 ) it is not suitable for 3d gaming , it is an integrated graphics chip .
you are much better off going with a discrete graphics package ( ati 7500 , 9000 ) rather than the 345 package .
that being said , it plays dvds smoothly.2 ) as someone has mentioned , the power brick is enourmous .
i have literally never seen a power adapter this large before .
it weighs at least a pound by itself.3 ) loud fans .
this is a good thing and a bad thing , without the fans there would be internal damage due to heat , but the fans are really loud .
the pitch of the noise is n't bad ( does n't whine ) .
i guess that is what you get with a 2.66ghz processor.4 ) power cord plugs into the right side of the computer , not the rear .
it sticks out a bit and you have to be careful when moving it.5 ) no discs with software .
sony has implemented a backup image on the hard drive .
if you ever need to reinstall you just run their software to get back to the factory installed software image .
what happens if your hard drive dies ?
i do n't know .
i would rather just have the recovery cds , but they do n't supply them .
the manual says you can buy them online , but when you goto the link they do n't sell them .
this also means you ca n't reformat the hdd or reinstall to get rid of the stuff they install on the machine.other than these things , the notebook is well constructed .
my wife has no real complaints , but i 'm glad i have a centrino based laptop which is portable , powerful , and quiet .

1
i just bought this laptop yesterday from circuit city , and it is beautiful.the only reason i'vnt given it 5 stars is because out of the 512mb ddr ram , 64mb is used for the video card , which i was n't expecting and have n't seen it clearly stated anywhere .
otherwise it 's a beautiful machine and for the price and the features , well worth it .
after all it 's a sony : - )

1
i bought this laptop in apr , 2003 for college .
it is great .
i can do pretty much everything a college student and more can do.the only thing i dont like about this laptop , well there are two , are first , the fan , and second the weight.the fan is loud and it runs non-stop .
even with the fan running constantly the computer is still quite hot .
the weight is the other factor for me .
it weights close to 8lbs !
so it is not really a laptop , just a cool thin desktop.by the way , dont wear shorts and have this laptop on your lap .
you will be asking for first degree burns hahahah.but not to dis this laptop too much , since i am typing from it right now , it is a good laptop/desktop for a college student .

1
i 've been trying to find other reviews on this product but have found few so i thought i 'd write something .
i bought this laptop a few weeks ago and i am really enjoying it .
i got this model mainly for the dvd-r capabilities .
also , for the same features compared to other brands of laptops , it was the right price.i liked the fact that it has 64mb of video memory and a nice size screen .
i did have to take my original computer back to the store because the mouse screen was loose .
i would rather have an actual button or nob for the volume and maybe some bigger speakers .
otherwise i 'm glad i bought it.overall i think this is a good product and i think sony is backing up their products with good software support specifically their music options -- sonic stage .

1
great computer .
i had trouble with the cd drive but the retailer exchanged for a new one .
a friend with the same computer had the exact same problem bought at the same place at nearly the same time .
maybe just a bad lot .
since then its been great .

1
lovely screen , works for me .
yes , it has 16 megs of ram .
you ca n't discount it for that , considering you should know it has 16 megs of video ram when you 're buying it.xp runs fine for me , though i plan on putting debian on it for fun.do n't quite understand why everyones so angry about the touchpad , mine works lovely .
so no problems thereplenty of disc space , light and tiny.. starts up quick..but , alas , there is something wrong with mine .
the wireless is fidgety .
it is really unhappy with some networks , for whatever reason i can not figure out .
however , it works great on my home network so i ca n't complain too badly.seriously , its not that bad of a laptop .
small , quick , functions.. maybe i recieved the only one that was n't a lemon , i do n't know.. but i 'm very happy with it .

1
i just bought pcg-tr2a last week .
i am very satisfied with the product , but unfortunately the customer service is very bad.i failed to upgrade the pre installed xp home to xp pro .
the network smart capture software just can not work .
and there is no clue on how to reinstall this application .
so i called hong kong customer service and send them many emails without any solution .
they only responded my email suggesting me not to upgrade the o/s .
so , i should stay with xp home forever ?
?
?

1
i purhased a tria last week and have een very impressed with it .
the triap was not available and were it so , i would have sprung the additional money for one considering the latter has xp pro .
the only complaint i have about this machine is a problem with resolution of the screen .
on boot up , desk top is condensed prompting you to activiate the magnification button situated on the monitor panel .
since this has to be done evey time you boot up , it 's an annoyance and i 'm not sure if it can be adjusted .
i 've tried going through control panel resolution settings to no avail , even with sony personnel by phone .
other than that , the machine is quite a wonder and gets comments wherever i go .
with wi fi , you never have to worry about picking up the internet in places like starbucks or the airport or so i have read .
i use it from the office to home and it picked up the home wireless immediately after configuring it.as for the controversial fact that it 's only a 900 mgherz model , i have n't noticed any limitations yet .
as a subcompact notebook , the tria is a great accomplishment of sony .
the long battery life thanks to centrino technology , the wifi and built in camera for teleconferencing makes this machine a little wonder.i know you 'll enjoy it !

1
i would n't buy a laptop from anybody else , have always had a great experience with them.personally i prefer a toshiba tecra s1 , it has 32mb of dedicated video memory on a radeon ati card whereas this one has shared video memeory , and tons of different connections and expandability options.but still way better than some crappy hp or compaq or sony , my it friends all report that those have the most repairs by far.hint : buy extra memory from dell , it 's a snap to install yourself and will save you $ $ $ .

1
i 've had my toshiba a little over a month now and could not be happier .
after a major investment in a sony vaio 2 years ago i was devastated with its tragic , unexpected death due to a bizare internal power `` arc '' ( as described by the repair shop ) .
rather than replace the entire mother board for over $ 800 i did some homework and lots of shopping around .
for a great number of us who want an easily transportable machine for word processing , email , and a bit of gaming i do n't think anyone would be disappointed considering the fantastic price and reputation of the toshiba name .
sure , if you are looking for top notch speed and super high speed gaming capability this is not the model for you and you are n't going to get those qualities for this price .
this is a great machine for `` grown ups '' as well as students who need the basics and believe in getting the most value for their hard earned dollars .
the only thing wrong that i have found is the battery life comes closer to 2 hours than 3 , but hey ... that 's enough time to watch most dvds on your next plane trip .
thank you toshiba !

1
we 're primarily loyal fans of micron computers , but when it came time to getting my wife her long-awaited laptop computer , we forced ourselves to look around ( largely due to cost considerations ) and ran across many positive reviews ( and a fortuitous price deal ) on this toshiba satellite a15-s127 notebook.my wife 's been using it regularly for about a month or so now , and she could n't be much happier .
the computer has been steady and dependable , as well as light and easy to carry and settle into place , and durable enough to handle a little bumping around during and between uses .
the 15 '' screen is clear and sharp ( and only slightly darkened when viewed at shallow angles ) , our netgear ma521 wireless network card connects the machine to our home network without a hitch , cd-rw drive works great ( including allowing her to burn her first custom cds ) , etc.
, etc , etc .
she uses mostly lighter apps such as email , web-browsing , word-processing , etc.
, but even her basic uses of photoshop seem to do well enough ( although for those who are serious about photoshop or similar usages i 'd suggest a stronger non-celeron processor ) .my wife 's only negative issue so far is the touchpad .
this may be in part just something to get used to ( as opposed to the more familiar mouse ) , but the 'pad does seem erratically ( and frustratingly ) jumpy at times .
but the notebook does have two ready usb ports , so we should be able to find her a nice trackball to plug in and take care of that problem.overall , the wife is very happy with her new `` puter '' , and her new connected mobility .
and that 's good enough for me .

1
i purchased the p25-s507 in 2003 .
i shopped for a 17 inch monitor and was very attracted to the looks of this toshiba .
i checked several reviews and found that it compared well to the 17 inch mac.my only real disappointment with it is the sound .
i set it up to play a dvd for friends and could n't get the sound high enough .
my friend 's sony laptop was loud .
mine was pitiful in comparison .
i visited all the screens having anything to do with sound , but no luck.several months ago it became infected with adware/spyware and i used several products to try to get rid of it .
i noticed the machine was slowing down and blamed it on the spyware .
early in december the machine gave me the blue screen of death and indicated a serious critical error had occurred .
it then went into hybernation .
when i rebooted , it ran incredibly slow and the hard drive was making noise .
i ran norton with no luck .
finally reformatted using the provided cd and still slow .
would n't go into safe mode .
i got to use my extended warranty and had a new hard drive installed .
now , runs great .
i 've stopped taking it with me back and forth to work just in case the problem might have been caused by movement or vibration in my auto and rv.highly recommend the extended warranty as i see others have had hard drive problems .
got my machine back in just one week , so i am pretty happy with the machine regardless .
love the 17 inch screen and wireless capabilities .
i 'd give it 5 stars except for the sound and hard drive problems .

1
hello .
i love this machine , you should know that the tv receiver can only be used without the battery , ( the module goes in that bay ) so you must be plugged to an outlet .
also needs an external antennae conection ( includes conector ) the remote control for the media center is quite nice but you need to attach an ir receiver ( also included ) to one of your usb ports so this is not that practical after all ... great buy , but i just wanted you to know what i did not when i ordered ... : ) awesome screen , very useful .

1
i have not generally been kind to toshibas , but i must say i took a liking to this one the first time i booted it up .
it is impressive to look at , quite high-tech with great lines and lots of cool colored lights .
but it 's what 's inside that counts.it has a very , very fast 2.8 ghz cpu with an ample 512 megabytes of 800 mhz fsb ram ( expandable to 2 gigs ) , a 64 megabyte dedicated vidcard and a 17 & quot ; display that is unbeatable .
the 60 gigabyte hard drive , though , is a bit smaller than i would have expected.that it has a digital tv tuner , can play and record dvds as well as cds ( so it can be used as a true media center instead of just as a pc ) and that it features a full function remote control are all just that much more & quot ; lagniappe & quot ; ( oh , that 's a cajun word for 'that little bit extra ' you did n't expect but were pleased to get ) .anyway , why only 4 stars ?
well , mainly because this computer is not really a laptop , unless you have a very , very big lap .
this is a desktop masquerading as a laptop , and believe me , at a whopping 10 pounds it is n't going to be making very many trips .
that may all be fine and dandy , but there is a significant penalty for it being called a laptop , namely a higher price than an equivalent desktop media center ( look at the gateways , for instance ) would command.for most folks , this is overkill .
where would it be perfect ?
i would say it would be true nirvana in some lucky person 's dorm room , though it would also look most handsome under anyone 's christmas tree !

1
for those intersted in buying this computer from amazon but discouraged when looking into the technical data page , this is the same hp nx7000 shown on the hp website with:1.6ghz centrino,60 gb ( 4800rpm ) hard drive512 ddr ramwindows xp pro ( oem edition ) 15.4 wsxga screen ( 1680x1050 ) ati mobility radeom 64 mb ddr rami bought this computer from amazon and have been using it for the past week .
the computer took a day or two before the system start to run smoothly.-60 gb hard drive is spacious is not so fast .
there is noticable delay when launching applications.-very good graphics , i have been using it to run some of the latest 3d games and i enjoyed very high frame rate and good dvd quality ( the intervideo win dvd that comes with the computer is probalby not full version .
i recommend cyberlink 's power dvd 5.0 , which has full wide-screen support ) .-the 15.4 inch wsxga is very good buttook me a couple of days to get used to .
be sure to set your windows font size to & quot ; large & quot ; or else you will kill your eyes in 3 days .
wide screen is especially helpful for my work with excell spread sheets or multi-tasking where you need to open multiple windows and still want to see them a the same time.-this computer is wide but it fits into your back pack easily .
weighing at 6.5 pounds is a little heavy for frequent traveler but it will fit everybody 's elses need .
i travel often to the school library and the wieght of the computer has not yet been an obstacle.-looks a lot better than the dell latitude d800-great wirless connection : unless you play on-line game when you 're going wirless ( which most people do n't ) 802.11b will suffice.i give it a 4 becuase there are some designs i do n't like about this computer but the overall experience is great.-no built-in microphone-head phone socket at the fron- can be annoying if you use external speakers-power outlet at the right of the computer- if you 're right handed and use a mouse this can be annoying.-shorter-than-advertised battery life : my computer can go little over 3 hours ( where hp boasts 4 hours of battery life ) .
i would like it to go longer.the nx7000 is good overall -- definitely the best choice of wide-screen desktop replacements on the market now .
if you do need much graphic power i highly recommend the compaq x1010 , which is essential the same thing as this one but with lower processor clock , less vram , lower screen resolution , which many people should find satisfactory .
the hp models , however , & quot ; look & quot ; a lot nice with it 's color scheme .
just something to keep in mind if the looks of a computer matters a lot to you .

1
i 've owned it for 3 weeks and i 'll keep it .
it runs quite smoothly and i 've found no big issues although i 've looked for them and i am not a novice .
some not-so-big issues though:1 .
it has a dead pixel ( a pixel on the screen which is always turqoise ) .
most people who saw it would return the laptop for an exchange but i am not disturbed enough to do that .
i called hp 's customer service and they told me they would only replace defective screens that have at least 7 dead pixels .
a friend of mine had told me that dell had the same policy so i was not surprised .
the guy on the phone was helpful although he & quot ; registered & quot ; me as a owner without asking me first.2 .
i 've installed linux on it and it works well now .
however , i had the typical laptop linux problems : the & quot ; nousb & quot ; install option must be used to avoid keyboard freeze during installation ; i had to deactivate pcmcia support which was freezing the boot ( not fixed this yet b/c i do n't need it ) ; and , most frustrating , the ati radeon mobility igp 320m ( u1 ) video card is virtually unknown to the kernel so i ca n't get any accelerated graphics in linux ... actually the 'agpgart.o ' kernel module wo n't load b/c the agp bridge is unknown .
it looks like ati/hp have not released the specs for this videocard yet thus there 's no proper linux support for it .
it works with the generic & quot ; vesa & quot ; driver as well as with the & quot ; ati & quot ; and the & quot ; radeon & quot ; drivers , as a generic vesa .
so it only ranks some 437fps when tested by glxgears - it should go to at least 550 for a & quot ; standard & quot ; linux game like chromium to run fine .
hopefully the ati/hp drivers will come out soon !
absolutely no issue in windows except for the disk defragmentation program that always leaves some data in the upper part of the drive so that noone will be able to partition it to install linux ( for example ) .
i thanked microsoft for a wasted half an hour to figure it out and then i run 'chkdsk /f ' to fix the drive and i partitioned it immediately after that.the dvd/cdrw combo works fine , same for the network and the ps/2 port with the classic y-cable to accomodate both an external mouse and a keyboard .
the scroll pad does n't feel particularly subtle but it works .
things i have n't checked yet : the s-video connection , the external monitor , the parallel and serial ports , the wireless network interface and the modem.this laptop has eight visible blue lights and a green one , so it may look like a christmas tree to some more conservative people .
speaking of design , i do n't like the metalic net covering the speakers , and the overall combination of silver and black with blue shades gets mixed reviews from my colleagues .

1
i 've owned it for 2 weeks and i 'll probably keep it .
it runs quite smoothly and i 've found no big issues although i looked for them and i am not a novice .
some not-so-big issues though:1 .
it has a dead pixel ( a pixel on the screen which is always turqoise ) .
most people who saw it would return the laptop for an exchange but i am not disturbed enough to do that .
i called hp 's customer service and they told me they would only replace defective screens that have at least 7 dead pixels .
a friend of mine had told me that dell had the same policy so i was not surprised .
the guy on the phone was helpful although he & quot ; registered & quot ; me as a owner without asking me first.2 .
i 've installed linux on it and it works well now but i had the typical laptop problems : the & quot ; nousb & quot ; install option must be used to avoid keyboard freeze during installation ; i had to deactivate pcmcia support which was freezing the boot ( not fixed this yet b/c i do n't need it ) ; and , most frustrating , the ati radeon mobility igp 320m ( u1 ) video card is virtually unknown by the kernel so i ca n't get any accelerated graphics in linux ... actually the 'agpgart.o ' kernel module wo n't load b/c the agp bridge is unknown .
it looks like ati/hp have not released the specs for this videocard yet thus there 's no proper linux support for it .
it works with the generic & quot ; vesa & quot ; driver as well as with the & quot ; ati & quot ; and the & quot ; radeon & quot ; drivers , as a generic vesa .
so it only ranks some 437fps when tested by glxgears - it should go to at least 550 for a & quot ; standard & quot ; linux game like chromium to run fine .
hopefully the ati/hp drivers will come out soon !
absolutely no issue in windows except for the disk defragmentation program that always leaves some data in the upper part of the drive so that noone will be able to partition it to install linux ( for example ) .
i thanked microsoft for a wasted half an hour to figure it out and then run 'chkdsk /f ' to fix the drive and partitioned it immediately after that.the dvd/cdrw combo works fine , same for the network and the ps/2 port with the classic y-cable to accomodate both an external mouse and a keyboard .
i have n't tried the wireless interface yet .
the scroll pad does n't look very subtle but it works.this laptop has eight visible blue lights and a green one , so it may look like a christmas tree to some more conservative people .
speaking of design , i do n't like the metalic net covering the speakers , and the overall combination of silver and black with blue shades gets mixed reviews from my colleagues .

1
when my older toshiba laptop escaped from my custody by being stolen from the locked cab of my ford pick-up truck not too long ago , i mused awhile about my options for a replacement .
but since my homeowner 's insurance policy subsidized the cost for another , i did a brief but intensive market search and finally settled on this superb and cost-effective choice offered by sony , one that is quite compatible to my home computer system , which is also a sony vaio system .
this laptop is small enough to be light and extremely portable and yet has a relatively large and quite bright screen with terrific color and resolution .
it is a rugged and hefty package at nearly 8 pounds , and it delivers a lot of capability with features such as a 2.68 ghz intel pentium 4 processor , a 533 mhz system bus , 512 mb ddr sdram upgradeable memory , and a 64 mb ati radeon igp 345m graphics chipset .
with all this built-in capability , this laptop will more than adequately meet or exceed all of your needs.sony outfitted the laptop system with a 40 gb eide hard disk , and features an internal cd-rw/dvd drive for burning and listening to audio cds , one that will backup important files and allow you to view a dvd movie .
one of the best features is its large 15-inch active-matrix display , which is capable of 1024x768 resolution .
it also has an internal v.90 modem for low-speed e-communications and an ethernet interface to facilitate high-speed connectivity .
it also serves your needs by providing both headphone and microphone ports as well as an 86-key keyboard that has an electro-static touch pad , and a built-in pair of stereo speakers with surround-sound imaging .
it comes preloaded with an interesting and useful selection of resident software , including microsoft windows xp home edition , microsoft money 2003 , microsoft works 7.0 , as well as a number of audio , video and photo utilities .
this is a terrific unit at a very reasonable , and one i have already had a lot of fun with in the several months i have owned it .
enjoy !

1
after buying a sony desktop 3-4 years ago i thought i would buy another sony for school.lets start with the negetive.the hard drive are suppose to be 40 gigs but only about 32 gigs is able to be used .
the second complaint is the battery life is almost nil for the lenth i need to use this computer for school .
the battery life is between 2 hour to 2.5 hours it just depends on what kind of usage you are using it for ( more powerful programs will use more battery life ) the third complaint is that the recovery `` disk '' is accaully on the hard drive there is not an extra cd recovery disk included.in contrast , sony makes some of the best computers for what is being payed .
i enjoy the fact it does come with 512 megs of memory ( half a gig ) .
it makes a pentium 4 go pretty fast and ( not to mention the bus size for the rest of the computer geeks out there ) this is a stable system i have had it for pretty close to a month and not one crash ( due to system flaws ) and has been very dependable for school .
the dvd drive is a excellent feature and more of a added bonus but the cd burner is an awsome little burner and usful for on the spot recording ( i 'm a broadcast student ) .the bundle software i am never a big fan of but it does include some very handy software such as money 2003 , intervideo 2004 and works those are just a few but the ones i use the most.the techincal support is the best support team out there they will speak english to you instead of computer lingo and will accaully be nice when the custumer is getting upset.i have use sony 's tech support on and off for the last three years and they truely know how to treat their custumers with kindness.i would say comparing to the computers i have used in my life ( hewitt packard , dell and gateway ) you are getting more for the money when you purchase a sony vaio and you are buying quality .

1
if you need to bring your work home , this is the notebook for you .
but , if you 're looking for a more whole experience including watching movies , playing games , and listening to music , etc ... , then this notebook is not for you.i bought it a week ago from fry 's electronics , but ended up returning it because it was a `` barebone '' system in that it has a blazing fast processor , bus speed , and memory ; but that 's about all it has !
do n't get me wrong .
sony notebooks are excellent in quality .
about 6 months ago , i bought the 505bx ( 12.1 '' ) display , and it was a great performer as well.but the problem here is that this frv26 has no wireless internet , which is becoming so important these days .
also , it has shared video memory which takes from your 512 mb of memory , leaving you with 448 mb of main memory.also , it has no memory stick slot , no floppy drive , and worst of all , a horrible graphics set with only 1024 x 760 resolution which , although common , is more suitable for a child.basically , they stripped it of every bell and whistle to offer it for a cheap $ 1500 .
it 's a good deal , again , if you need business performance , otherwise ... .go for a dell ( [ ... ] ) or an ibm.you 'll have to wait a week or two for the dell or ibm , but it 's worth it .

1
i really would like to rank this computer as 5 star , at least 4,5 star , but i should mention my disapointment with sony post sales customer service.i bought this notebook from amazon .
amazon.com was perfect ( as always ) and delivered my vaio in san antonio , tx .
i really enjoyed the computer and also the bundled software .
for me it was an excellent buy ( i compare with similar satellite and compaq ) .
at this moment my only regret is not buying the pcg-frv37 - i blame it on my hurry .
( i think that 20g extra on hd specially in a notebook that is very powerfull - and this worths easily 150-200 dollars more ) .
regarding the computer itself , my only complaint is the huge size of ac adapter ( almost twice the size of a similar satellite 's ) .
of course , one reason for my choice of vaio was sony itself : i already own several sony digital products and memory sticks - sony digital camera ( we have 4 cybershots at home ) , sony camcorder , sony cli & eacute ; , sony dvd player , playstation2 , wega tv , but i am not sure on this point .
i feel i must use this comment to make a strong remark on my evaluation on quality of sonystyle.com and sony customer service ( please note my advice : if you buy something from sony - probably you will need acessories and help , you can not count on them ) .
sony answers things like : this is not available , we have no idea when - and if -will be available , we ca n't deliver and worst : we ca n't suggest what you can or should do , etc .
unacceptable .
( the best thing she said was : ok , i understand your feelings ... not very helpfull ) .but , this time again , amazon.com saved my life : i was able to buy the couple of acessories i really needed - from amazon - in a next day delivery-basis .
so , i strongly recommend : before buying , check all the items you may need on amazon.com .
of course , unfortunately , there are some items you just realize when you get the computer and sometimes after some days of use .
and that 's when you need accessories and help , and sony does not help at all.my advice : do n't trust sony style and customer service .
i have text file i pasted - more than 30 min `` on-line chat '' with sony .
i can mail it to anybody who ask me so .
it 's a real piece of nonsense !
!
!
i hope this review can help someone ... .

1
there i was sitting on my sister 's porch .
staring at my feet hoping for some inspiration to hit me like a bolt of lightning and supply me with ideas .
it was not to be .
i sat there for a half an hour justing staring blank faced and numb .
i got up and walked to the curb .
i smoked a cigarette and watched the passing cars.i finished my cigarette and tossed it into the empty street .
i looked up at an open window where i noticed a laptop sitting alone on a desk .
shining off the screen was something resembling a home video.it was a young woman sitting in front of a window holding a child and staring off into the clouds .
the image struck me and i stood in awe for a moment , then i turned to returned to my position on the porch and began writing , all the while feeling the sun 's warmth on my neck and the image stirring in my head .

1
for the price listed here ( and you can get even better rebates if you look ) this vaio is a fabulous steal .
at the very least , you wo n't have `` restore '' problems etc as a reviewer called `` sam michaels '' mentioned .
one wonders if mr. sam has heard of windows xp and the restore feature within it .
it has nothing to do with sony .
if you want even higher duty backup facility then get something more professional like acronic trueimage or norton ghost .
( seldom necessary unless you know what you want out of these . )
the hardware of sony vaios is still made entirely in japan , unlike your average ibms or dells ( which are made in china or malaysia . )
this means that sony 's hardware is top notch , at the very least you can bet it wo n't begin to crawl after a year of solid ( ab ) use.the only reason i take off one star from this review is the missing track-point ball from this laptop , but some people like the touchpad for the mouse , and if you are one of these latter , this is a 5 out of 5 machine !
do n't listen to foolish naysayers .
vaio rocks , especially for the quoted price ( & lt ; 1,200 usd as of this writing . )

1
i 'm very happy with this computer , , i love itgreat little machine for the money and it 's light !
!
!
!
!
!

1
for the price one would expect atleast a dvd+rw burner .
and the battery life is bad , about 45 min max .

1
i have had this notebook for almost 3 years , and i would characterize it as a solid notebook that suffers from gateway quality control issues .
it arrived doa with a dead screen , so i had to to wait a couple weeks for the replacement .
next , the hard drive crashed quite often in the beginning -- gateway sent me over 4 replacement drives .
however , the hard drive was not the problem , but rather the ribbon cable that connects it to the motherboard .
if you 're hard drives are constantly crashing , then have them send you a replacement ribbon cable .
once i installed the new cable , the laptop has worked perfectly .
the laptop is great for office and statistical applications as well as internet .
i would look elsewhere if you want a gaming system , because this is not it .
however , for school/business , it 's great .

1
excellent price for this fine , notebook .
good speed , plenty of ram to start off with 256mb ( with one extra empty slot for more ) upgradable to 1gb nice..but i find only two things wrong with this notebook , first the specs on amazon state there 's a 1394 firewire port , sorry but there is n't .
second no floppy : - ( .
this note book is worth the money .
not for power users , but more for students .

1
this review is for people that live outside the states .
the bottom line is : do notexpect decent support service from apple .
in my case , i live in mexico .
in a recent trip to the states i bought a 15in powerbook .
( the possibility of using unix got to me . )
after a month the audio card burned .
it took almost two months to get it replaced .
the service here is simply horrendous .
there is a single provider for the whole country .
replacements are sent to the local service centers and must be used within three days , otherwise they have to be returned .
and more time passes .
the people in the apple & quot ; certified & quot ; local service centers are incompetent .
eventually , i got my laptop back , with a working audio card .
however , from the service center , they took the liberty to change passwords and include all sort of files from a different customer ( out of respect for privacy i deleted them ) .
not even a word of apology .
as a scientist , i was considering going apple with the resources of my next grant .
not now .
i pick dell .
i will put up with windows and/or linux .
they provide good support internationally , not only in the bay area .

1
i personally love this laptop ... .it 's the best i 've seen .
1.33ghz .
great speed .
lots of memory and love the airport extreme .
one thing i do n't like is the case .
your fingerprints will show like crazy but , do n't worry about that..it 's still good .
i 'm already burning movies in the first month .
love the garageband , itunes , iphoto , imovie , and idvd .
great stuff comes with this computer .
i just preorded microsoft office v. x. i 'm sure i 'll love it .
anyway , overall ... i give this computer 4-stars .
if the case was better ... 5 all the way.p.s .
be sure to get the extended warrenty ... you may need it .
my 800mhz imac just broke and i was 2 days away from my policy expiration date .
good thing i kept the receipt .

1
i bought the 505dx after looking long and hard at the tr series , and ended up buying it because it had much the same features at a slightly lower price .
so far , i 'm glad i did .
the 505dv is packed with memory ( comes with 512 , can be upgraded to 2 gigs ) and a very fast processor for a computer this small ( 1.4 mhz pentium m ) .
as someone else has noted , the video card has its own memory .
the 505dx really seems to be targeted at people who want to do digital video or media , hence the extremely large hard drive , relatively souped-up video card , and relatively large amount of memory capacity .
it also comes with a large amount of media software preinstalled .
oddly , this model does not seem to have a dvd-writable drive available as an option.the laptop itself is just under five pounds , and the casing seems strong and durable .
it offers two usb 2.0 ports , which , trust me , you will appreciate when using peripheral devices .
other perks include built-in wireless networking and a memory stick slot.now the downside-the laptop does not have a very large range of available features-you can choose xp pro or home , 40-80gb hard drive , and more memory , but not much else is optional .
this is common failing of laptops in general .
as with most small laptops , the optical drive is built-in and ca n't be swapped out .
the keyboard and mouse are hard to use and the mousepad in particular is not very sensitive ( another common failing of laptops in general ) .
the sound from the speakers is crappy , but laptop speakers always sound crappy .
get some external speakers or headphones.also , note that sony skimps on its warranties-mine came with only a one-year limited warranty for parts and service and 90-day free technical support .
sony really needs to take a lesson from dell and offer greater warranty coverage , especially for laptops , which tend to be more fragile and abused.in all , i think this computer is a great value for the money , particularly if you want something small and powerful with which to do music downloading and sharing .

1
i 've had my system about 3 years with few complaints .
by today 's standard 's its probably underpowered .
i was able to get another system with far more features for less than i paid for this one.the one problem it has now is the connector for the a/c power .
i use it as a regular system , always plugged in , rarely using the battery .
recently , it 's started cycling whether it thinks the a/c cord is plugged in ( so it goes on battery , dims the screen , and runs the batter down - even when plugged in ) .
wigging the cord generally helps .
i got this diagnosed as a problem with a pin on the mother board being loose and needing resoldering .
this is n't cheap to fix .
i like the system , but this may eventually make it unsuable ...

1
for a cheap good laptop , i enjoy the presario 2190us .
the only issues i have , is that the has drive died , upgraded memory and a bigger hard drive and no issues .
i use this machine for all sorts of uses from monitoring my networks , to web design and watching dvd 's and playing games.only draw back is only supports up to 1gb of ram ( 512x2 ) which is also shared by the video card.also technical support is not the best .
out of coutry and if calling in , ca n't understand reps , and they are not very technically savvey

1
pros .
i 'm a pretty technical computer and this is my second laptop .
all the bells and whistles are great .
fast speed 800fsb is the best of it 's kind right now .
the screen is very bright and big .
also , the ram slot is expandable up to 2048.. this is great because you can update it .
most laptops max out at 1024 .
buring cd 's could n't be easier ... takes around 7 minutes with verification process , around 4.5 minutes without .
* this laptop is everything you would expect for you money ... shop around , this laptop has a great range of 2500 to 1600.. yeah..so would n't want to be ripped off ... i got mine for 1600 after 400 $ rebate .
:0cons .
you need to buy an external mouse .
i think all laptops need external mouse cause the touchpad is just weird , and most pep do n't want to re get use to somethings else .
windows media center is buggy , so just download updates from [ ... ] update often .
the machine is a power sucking beast.. but you could get 4 hours plus if you adjust the power management .
depend on how birght the screen you want .
i use mine in normal , so it lasts about 3 hours.it 's pretty heavy too.. 7.9 lbs .
but i 'm used to carrying a heavy bagpack .
so no biggy .

1
it 's too bad that toshiba has such horrible customer service .
this machine is wonderful , as are most of their products .
but if you have a problem and need help , they are n't there for you , they do n't know their products and do n't really care much about their customers.the machine is lighter than i expected but huge .
you need a special case if you plan on taking it anywhere .
the battery last about 2 hours , not too bad for such a powerful machine .
the wifi connected right up to my home wireless network and the connection is great even from quite a distance .
the screen is beautiful and the sound ca n't be beat on any laptop .
it has 64mb video ram , i wish it were 128 , but sure better than the standard 32mb .
this laptop has a lpt and serial port where my 5205 only has usb .
i did find that my external hard drive was not recognized on the rear usb port but was on the side usb port , not sure why yet .
there are 4 usb 2.0 ports and the sd card slot with i use to copy photos from my pentax digital camera to the laptop .
all in all , it is a really great machine at a remarkable price for the features .

1
i was puzzled why toshiba would discontinue the p25 series so quickly leaving the 15 & quot ; p15 as the only media center laptop they offer , but on with the review .
i recently purchased this beautiful machine on discount at compusa and i knew this was the laptop that i was looking for.this laptop is truly a desktop replacement ( do n't look for battery life to be stellar ) with jaw-dropping specs even for a desktop ( except for the graphics which seem a little undersized with a fx go5200 64mb ) .
the unit is put together well but visually , the looks are an acquired taste.another problem is the keyboard which seems so small compared to the rest of the laptop .
a 10-digit keypad like the hp 17-inch notebook would have been a welcomed edition .
at least , toshiba could have put the windows and menu buttons in the standard position instead of the upper-right hand corner.with the media center edition of windows xp , i have gotten rid of the television in my room and replaced it with this notebook .
however , i do n't see why the television tuner had to be a removable module forcing you to chose between a battery and television .
the thing is so huge and so heavy ( 10 pounds ! )
, i think toshiba could have fit in the tv tuner.so if you are looking for a true desktop replacment , look no further because , despite some minor problems , this is an all-around excellent machine .

1
this is my 3rd toshiba laptop .
i 've tried dell and returned it , hp and returned it , compaq.etc ... i finally settled on toshiba because of the overall construction , sturdiness and build of the computer .
i love the 17 & quot ; screen and the brushed aluminum .
my biggest complaint about toshibas in general is that they do n't offer a 7200 rpm hard drive .
a friend purchased a sager with a hitachi 7200 rpm hard drive and it 's much faster than toshiba 's 5400 .
as of this writing i have ordered a hitachi 7200 rpm 60 gig hard drive which they say is compatible with the p25-s609 .
we shall see .
toshiba 's hard drives are all made by hitachi but i suspect toshiba has not yet introduced the 7200 into their line .
if this hard drive does indeed work i will probably put the 5400 rpm drive into the 2nd bay where the battery is .
i rarely use the battery .
it 's bascially a desktop replacement .
but back to the sager - it is loaded with more features and much faster but the fit and finish just do n't equal that of toshibas ... ..this goes for the hps , compaqs , dells etc .
i do like sony vaios but they are very , very overpriced .
for now , i 'm sticking with toshiba .

1
this is an overall nice computer .
it has a wonderful modem , but has some flaws to it .
if you hit the backspace button , it will go back ( internet ) .
that does not help when you are trying to fill an order .
its price is wonderful though .
i got this one for $ 499 with a free printer .
overall , it is a nice computer .

1
and installed suse linux 9.1 professional .
the next thing i did was bump the ram up from 256mb to 512mb .
overall i am pleased with the performance and reliability of the system .
battery life has been consistantly around 2 hours and 10 minutes running linux generally with multiple accounts open and over 140 processes running.if i have to run windows ( usually because i have to fix someone elses bad coding ... ) , i will only use windows 2000 pro inside of vmware while running my linux os native .
have n't had any heating problems , no data loss issues , heck the darn thing just works .
it 's been dropped once , luck me no major damage .
and smacked against the table ( in my backpack i carry it in ) a few times .
the case has some nicks and dings but everthing just works !
i use it to program c/c++ and java applications as well as tinker with oracle databases on occassion .
i also play some pretty intense 3d games as well , although the fps is a bit sluggish at times , it 's not bad enough to stop me from playing.about the only thing i really have a complaint about is the fan , noisy as all get out !
i have removed it and checked the bearings and made sure it was clean of debris , but it 's still pretty noisy.i sometimes will leave the system on 24/7 for up to a week while i am compiling code or running a series of tests against unix main frames or other linux systems .
overall the only other thing i will change is the hard drive , 40gb is pretty small for what i do .
but overall i recommend getting rid of microsoft windows on this system ... completely and install linux , preferably suse , and enjoy virus free , pop-up free internet time !
it 's worth it !

1
i have recently baught one , it is a good computer .
got a good deal on it , which made it afordable , it even plays my games well .

1
i recently bought an apple powerbook laptop 12 '' , that was listed as used but in very good condition.i was concerned about making a purchase like this from an unknown seller that seemed to be new to the site-but i trusted the amazon site.the price was really good and the description impressive ; so although i knew very little about the item i decided to risk it.i had been using a dell for about 4 or 5 years ; the last 2 or 3 of which were computer hell.and i had been vowing to next time get a mac since i heard they were less aggravating in regards to things like freezing up for no reason , bogus error messages that i could n't possibly understand , e-mail that would n't open for 5 minutes & then did n't like to receive or send mail some days,15minute boot-ups , and web pages ( when i finally got on ) that got stuck when i tried to scroll.well , needless to say i am ecstatic !
everything actually does what you tell it to and almost instantaneously.i have made the adjustments without all that much hassle.thought i might mind the smaller screen but not at all.within the first week-i had done mail , gone on the internet , installed my mouse , the font i wanted , had it reading stuff for me , installed games , have it tell me the time etc etc etc.it is that user friendly.there is just too much to love about it to even list.i would never go back to any other pc again !
i am in computer heaven !

1
all the reveiws i read were from the 2003,2004 , airer and did not refer to the problem of the magic eye going poof even if not used as they are always on when computer is on , they draw their power from the usb circuit the only thing you can turn off is the program.sony is aware of this problem and stick their head in the sand when it comes to admitting it.their are more tr series out there with bad cameras.i had mine replaced under warrantee used it once when i got it back , worked great.three months i tried it again and poof again.you can buy 5 or 6 web cams for the price sony wants for replacement.i gave this a 4 star rating as i do n't use the camera .also the keybord leaves a bit to be desired.also the speakers are a little high pitched .
all in all a great little computer .

1
this computer has a lot of bang for your buck .
i love the built in camera and the ease of use ; just press one button and you 're off .
i also love the small form factor and its lighweight makes it perfect to lug around .
barely weighs anything .
feels lighter than a school text book .
for something that is so small , it has all the port connectors i would use ; firewire , usb , vga , ethernet , and a magicgate port to boot .
some people complained that the native resolution would make text too small on screen , but i find it perfect .
i gave it only 4 stars because it runs on crappy windows xp .
otherwise great product and sony customer support is very helpful .

1
ok , i just got a new vaio pcg-frv37 and it has been great in every aspect but i dont understand why sony doesnt include a backup recovery cd along with the computer .
i never knew until i actually bought one , if i did , i would have never bought a sony .
oh , i will never buy a sony ever again .
the fact that they want to sell me a recovery cd for a laptop i paid $ 1500 for pisses me off .
anyhow , great machine but not so great company .

1
first of all , even though this is a 60 gig drive , you only get 50 g of usable space .
seems they reserved 10g for restoring .
you are supposed to be able to use some dvd-rw to restore it ( there is no restore cd included ) , however , it wo n't let me .
i 'm not about to sit down w/ 10+ cd-r 's to do this .
they give you lots of software , but nothing that great .
i had been using an old version of quicken .
the quicken 2003 that came with it would not let me import the info w/o buying the upgraded version.all in all it 's a good package though .
the documentation that comes in the box is more ad 's for sony products than actual info on your $ 1600 investment .
i ca n't find out the actual dvd burning speed , but it appears that it is only 1x .
boothis barely gets the fourth star.good , but could have been better .

1
i purchased the a35 recently ( my first laptop ) and i have found it to be an excellent machine .
it is unfortunate that there are only two usb ( 2.0 ) and one pc card slot , and the lack of firewire/ir may hurt it 's compatability with accessories , but the built in wifi ( 802.11g ) works great and it has an exellent battery life .
the 60gb drive comes in handy , and the overall design ( keyboard layout , multimedia buttons , volume , touchpad ) feels & quot ; just-right & quot ; .
my biggest complaint would be the low-resolution ( 1048x786 ) but that is standard for most xga tft active matrix screens .

1
this is my first laptop , i have no major complaints.performance is great , not really the best deal if you ` re an avid gamer , the shared video memory doesnt isnt really too powerful , but most games do run.this laptop is loaded with the 60gb hd,512mb of ram and cd burner/dvd rom , although it could hav an additonal usb port or 2 .
cooling is very efficient , doesnt get as hot as a lot of other laptops as long as air flow is unrestricted .
it is a bit heavy but still comparable to other laptops with the same features.the display is great , cant ask for much more with the 15 & quot ; tft.this is a great product and provides good value for your money , at this price , there isnt much more u can ask for .

1
this is my first laptop .
i bought this laptop 4 month ago and did , nt have any problem at all .
the keyboard is really smooth writing on it and from the hardware side , everything is working as expected.the reason i gave only four stars to this item is that the connectivity is incomplete and insufficient since most of the todays accessories require usb .
there are only two usb ports and located wrongly on the back .
there are no serial , fire wire and infrared ports .
also only one pc card slot in some cases may be resulting to short for todays requirements.i bought a usb 2.0 pc card adapter to upgrade to four usbports , which now occupies the only cardslot .
most of todays laptops have at least two pcmcia ports.anyway if you are using the notebook only to travel and not to use as a desktop and only occasionally connect some accessories , the satellite a135-s159 notebook may be a good choice .

1
i purchased the p15-s409 4 days ago .
the unit would not resume from hiberanate or standby mode .
micro center agreed with me - its broke .
laptop # 2 -ran just fine -i see no problems , so far , but the pc is unusable .
why ?
- it does not sit flat on any desktop !
!
hard to imagine that an $ 1,700 would be shipped with a bent laptop base .
the unit rocks about a quarter of an inch !
!
laptop # 3 ( i love the punishment ) will be picked up tonight.i will keep you posted ...

1
the system as such has excellent performance .
when compared to other laptops i would say it has blazzing speed and performance .
the main drawbacks of this system are low battery and very high heat .
the cooling fans are below and if the laptop is placed on a cushion surface it heats up like hell and shuts down .
if there are ways to increase the height of the system just like what sony vaio gives foldable stands .
i hope toshiba reads this and makes some arrangement for me .

1
technology is a big matter in today 's society .
faster moving technology is a plus .
computers in general have changed the world .
when desktop first came out , everyone wanted them .
if people could afford them , there was nothing that could stop them from getting themselves one .
as time goes by , computers are only getting more and more advance .
although there are some people who still prefer the original everything , including desktop computers , most people are converting to laptop computers.excluding that group , one of the main reasons people prefer laptops rather than desktops is because of the amount of space they save .
laptops are much more space conserving than desktop computers .
desktops consist of the keyboard , the monitor itself , the mouse , and other accessories .
one the other hand , laptops could just take up space temporarily .
unlike desktops , they do n't have to always be placed on desks .
you could use it on your bed , on the floor , outside , or even on the kitchen table .
when you are done , simply pack it up.another reason people may prefer laptops over desktops is because they are easier to travel with .
in fact , most people who have laptops have personalized carrying pouches for them .
college students often carry their laptops with them from class to class .
it is just that convenient to do.laptops are definitely better than desktop computers , even the prices should tell you that .
the average new laptop costs about $ 1000 , while the average new desktop is about $ 700 .
one rule of `` supply and demand '' is : the higher the price the greater the demand for the product .
this certainly fits this situation .
conversely , desktop computers are cheaper and also at less of a demand.if you think about it , laptops fall in the pattern that is actually universal .
we tend to like newer versions of products , along with smaller , faster , more convenient versions of products .
you can take cell phones for instance , they use to be huge compared to older models .
now there are cellular phones such as the razor with the depth of a tooth pick .
there are also cellular phones that are no taller than the average index-finger .
with products such as those , it is no question we settle with smaller versions of the laptop.laptops are better than desktops because we have slowly but surely been adjusting to their ways all along , without even realizing it .
we are not attracted to slower , larger , harder to travel with products more than we are of the complete opposite .
think about it , it is nearly factual .

1
this is my first review .
i got this laptop m35-s359 from best buy for a good deal.this laptop looks sexy and i really love to see movies in it .
it has got lot of user friendly features like sd card port ( useful if you have digital camera ) , ir port ( useful if you have cell phones like nokia 3650 ) , volume control etc.the only bad part i do n't like is , the whole bottom part heats up and it is hot .
i do n't know whether this will be problem to electronic components in the long run .
they could have compromised the size a little bit for this.overall iam satisfied with this notebook .

1
i received my toshiba satellite m35 as a christmas gift ( thanks louis ! )
and have been extremely pleased with it thus far .
i 'm currently attending law school , and this model has pretty much everything i might need .
except , that is , for microsoft office .
all my papers and notes from class are on my desktop in word , so i 'll have to spend [ money ] to purchase the software from school .
you might also want to spend [ more money ] and upgrade to a 2.4 mhz g wireless card , which is a good deal faster than the 802.11b card included .
not necessary though .
all in all a great computer .

1
if you are looking for good workstation performance , you need to give the averatec 3150hd a chance !
the obvious attraction is the size and design of the notebook .
at first glance it is sleek and very well laid out .
despite it 's small size , the keys are quite large and have a nice feel .
( not squishy like previous models ) the touchpad is also large for such a small notebook .
although the price is excellent , a slightly better quality lcd would have been the icing on the cake .
the lcd is nice , but better contrast would have been appreciated .
amd offers the best performance for price ratio with it 's athlon mobile series and despite a slight increase in heat , the added speed is well worth it !
i like the fact that averatec actually considered usb devices and included 3 usb 2.0 ports .
yes , firewire would have been nice but for the price i am not complaining !
i have to say that a real volume dial and an actual wireless on/off switch made me very happy !
using the max battery power management setting in windows xp gave me 2.5 hours of pleasure , surfing and typing.i can say that people who buy this machine for gaming need help .
it is a workstaion .
period .
a nice workstation .
students and professionals will be pleased .
i know i am .

1
i bought this computer at a staples in bozeman , mt for $ 879 , so i do n't know what this $ 1200 is for .
but anyways , the computer .
one of the smallest laptops for sale at a reasonable cost for what you get .
averatec 's customer service center is second to none .
if you have a problem , call them and do what they tell you .
if they tell you to send the computer , do it and they 'll repair it for free.the only downside to this computer that i found is that the processor runs at a very low speed , even when not idle or hibernating .
the fastest i 've ever seen the processor run has been in the 300 mhz range , even when doing memory intensive applications .
not for the serious gamer in any respect.the computer is solid .
the case is sturdy , but it will scratch fairly easily .
the keyboard will bend when pressed on in some areas , especially under the `` qwer '' and the `` uiop '' sections .
the modem , ethernet and vga plugs are loocated on the side of the unit , which i found slighty annoying .
i just wish averatec would make a docking station/port replicator so it could function as a desktop .
plays movies well , has enough memory to do everything except play games.i am a student , so i bought this computer so i could take notes in class and be able to do my work while i was in away from home .
this computer has performed admirably in these respects .
it is light , and it works , which my number one priority.not to be used as a desktop replacement .
a dell , hp , compaq , or a sony would better fit your needs .

1
the ibook g4 is a great laptop , perfect for -- just about everything .
i only did n't like some things in it , like it only having an apple mini dvi video out , no pci slot and it does not have the extensive amount of software that you can use with windows.pros : just 5.9 pounds for a 14.1 & quot ; laptopgreat design2 usb 2.0 , firewire802.11g ( optional airport extreme card ) up to 6 hours of battery life !
that 's amazingcombo drive cd-rw & amp ; dvd-rom40 gb , speedy processor ( 933 mhz ) & amp ; lots more !
cons : does not come with bluetooth & amp ; airport card ( sold optional ) no pci slot : ( speakers are small , and are not that loudi ca n't find another bad thing about it !
!

1
i like this product , but it is newer and there are some issues with the laptop when you close it , it does n't close properly .
there is a fairly large gap when it 's closed .
it also was n't updated at all and can not store the time or date .
i have to put it in everyday when i use it .
overall it 's just okay .
it 's an older laptop , so i guess you get what you get .
i would suggest the sellers to others though , they were great and send a card in case of any problems .

1
works great and it took some time learning how to use it .
just had to update and download a few things so i could use it for school .

1
this is a great deal for a fully function mac .
i am impressed with the condition of the computer and have had no problems .
like any other mac i have to get the microsoft office so i can do word , but that is expected .
it runs a little slow sometimes , but seems to be working great !

1
i have always been intrigued by the apple 's ibook since its introduction .
not necessarily the design , mind you .
the `` clam shell / toilet bowl '' design was n't as attractive to me as the idea that apple was offering an affordable lap top computer .
it became more attractive to me as apple redesigned the look and a necessity when apple finally put a g4 processor in the ibook.i purchased the ibook g4 12 '' 800 mhz in early december 2003 .
i have quickly recognized it as an excellent compliment to my home desktop computer , a dual 500mhz tower , on an airport wireless network ( a separate review is in the works ) .
out of the box it is easy to appreciate the design .
packaged with apple 's osx 10.3 jaguar , ilife software , appleworks suite , quicken 2004 , encyclopedia and a few games ( diemos , chess and tony hawk 4 ) you can get started right away.i 'm going to change things up from the format that i have used in my previous reviews and start with the `` ugly '' as i would like to be a little more pessimistic as i wrap things up !
the ugly : the combo drive is loud .
this is more noticeable as you watch a dvd .
also , without headphones , you definitely get nothing more than a small speaker sound from the built-in speakers.the bad : i understand the logic behind apple 's offering of a one-button mouse/trackpad .
sure , marketing and steve jobs will tell you it 's all about simplicity - it 's about 3rd party vendor relationships people .
let someone else offer the wanted 2-button mouse/trackpad with scrolling capabilities .
i am getting better at using the control key but would much rather have a right click button .
also , a spectacular design like this deserves to maintain it 's integrity - this puppy smudges and scratches easily .
i find myself babying it often.the good ( dare i say great ) : no longer resembling a toy designed by fisher-price , i can pull the ibook out of my lap top bag and not worry about what the person next to me is going to think .
in fact , it 's quite the opposite - people usually perform a double take .
often , in fact , mistaking it for the new powerbook that has been getting a lot of press lately .
it is sharp !
kudos for the implementation of the slot loading combo drive - though loud it is nice to have a laptop with less moving parts .
i 've worked on $ 3000 laptops that felt cheap whenever you needed to access the cd rom .
i am also pleased with the 32mb ati display .
some have said that they wish they had a greater choice of screen resolutions ( 1024x768 is the max ) but i feel it is an excellent value for the money .
i also like the feel of the keyboard that has been criticized on past ibook models .
i have also been pleased with the battery life .
apple claims that you can achieve up to 6 hours - they are close .
dvd playing will put you at about 3 hours - respectable .
typical use - internet surfing , word processing , and the like has resulted in between 4 and 6 hours of battery power .
i also like the battery power indicator on the battery itself.so in the first 30 days i am admitting to being a big fan of the ibook and would recommend highly to those in the market for a sub $ 1500 laptop .

1
this is a great computer system .
i use it for school work mainly and it works great .
it is fast , light weight and affordable .
it also has everything i am looking for to complete the daily tasks of living .

1
i like the key board and the screen is easy to see , browser is slow needs update , does anyone have an idea ?
ljhlazycat @ gmail.com

1
this ibook is not the most powerful machine but it operates so well .
not good for video game or watch internet tv but for surfing the internet or using itune , watch video stuff will be great .
also when you use apple laptop you never gets virus ( that 's my opinion but most people who use apple would agree with me ) which great to have peace of mind .
solid machine and i love it !

1
i am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 , because 800mhz is acceptable to most users , but 1ghz would have been nice .
the 800mhz g4 is still much faster than last year 's 900mhz g3 model , and panther is slightly faster .
i have a 733mhz g4 tower , so this is a slight speed increase for me.i am so glad i got the 12 & quot ; screen over the 14 & quot ; .
everyone i asked recommended the 12 & quot ; over the 14 & quot ; .
it 's easier to carry , lighter , easy to sit on your lap with , and you do n't feel the need to buy a huge case to carry it around in .
both the 12 & quot ; and 14 & quot ; have 1024x768 displays , the 12 & quot ; is just denser , about 96 dpi , about the same resolution as my 23 & quot ; apple lcd .
text is sharp and clear and very readable .
both models have the same sized keyboards .
no burned out pixels on either lcd !
wireless networking to my g4 tower was easy to setup , and very fast.the built in dvd player is also fun , although headphones or external speakers make the experience much more enjoyable - most laptops suffer from small speakers.recommended options : get the 512m ram upgrade card ( about $ 125 ) which maxes the ibook out at 640megs , and the airport extreme card ( $ 99 ) .
wireless internet is happening all over , in many hotels and restaurants .
if you travel , consider adding some good ear buds if you use it to watch movies on or listen to music.this is my 5th apple laptop , dating back to 1992 , and by far the best one to date .

1
i bought this computer , im pretty happy with my purchase , the only thing im not happy about is the battery life is not that good , and the disc drive makes noise , other then that it works fine

1
great laptop !
purchased for a family member and it runs great .
does include os but no office .
laptop is definetly used , there were some obvious signs of it beign a refurb , but all and all i am very happy with the purchase .

1
nice laptop for the money , clean works well .
they upgraded it with a new 160 gb hard drive , and 2 gb of memory for the same price .
fast delivery .

1
nice laptop .
make sure to spend the extra dough and get the 1400x1050 screen cause it is awesome.it has decent battery life of around 3hrs.but the dvd/cd-rom doesnt read anything .
not even store bought discs .
i have had ibm ship me a new cdrom unit and it still stinks .
however because i use this laptop primarily to program .net i am still thinking about keeping it even though the cdrom is a glaring defect .
the problem may be based in windows so i cant say for sure its ibm 's fault , but come on .
out of the box and it cant play even my store bought dvd 's ?

1
had many features i wanted ; however , wish it came with xp professional and a little larger hd ( 40- 80 gig ) .
works well ; runs a little hot .

1
i bought my sony vaio v505ex to write my disertation.the good news : it is fast and reliable .
i can easily sync with my home and work computers using briefcase so my data on all three computers is always up to date .
as mentioned in other reviews , downloads from sites such as itunes are speedy and accurate .
i love that the connections are on the sides instead of the back .
this allows me to keep my `` baby '' in a zippered sleeve that i do n't have to remove to plug it in or use the usb ports .
most other brands have their connections on the back and it is awkward to hook up if you prefer to keep a cover or sleeve on the machine .
the screen resolution is brilliant if tilted at just the right angle .
i have never been a fan of touch pads , and in fact purchased a small portable usb mouse when i purchsed the computer .
the touch pad is so `` true '' and easy to use , that the mouse now stays in my briefcase unused.the `` not so good '' news : my machine came with a multimedia package that included a partitioned hard drive .
this was not workable for me as my data and research ( including a library of pdf files ) needed to be easily accessbile .
i did not like having to switch drives or go to special lengths to make sure i was not overloading the smaller partition ( 20 gb ) .
when i contacted sony , they told me that if i remove the partitions , i could no longer use their support .
i stewed over this for awhile and then opted to reformat the entire drive and take the risk .
i am much happier with one 60gb hard drive .
the only other problem i have is with the keyboard .
i have read in other reviews that the keyboard is great so i am not sure if this is just `` me '' or if others have this problem .
they keys are nice and tight , but have edges that help you make sure you are not `` drifting '' to a neighboring key ... however , the shift key is only one key instead of a double key .
thus i am constantly hitting `` page up '' when i mean to shift and typing in the wrong place .
additionally , if i accidentally touch the key pad when this happens ( a sleeve brushes it , etc . )
, i end up selecting ( and often deleting ) a whole page of data .
i have caught this each time and am able to use the `` undo '' function to retrieve my info , but it is annoying .
i have been trying to review and revise my own keyboarding habits to overcome this problem , but so far without much luck .
for now , i make sure i glance at the screen ( not as easy when taking notes in a class or meeting ) to make sure i am in the right place.overall , i could n't be happier ( with minor exceptions ) with this tiny , light , and efficient machine .
i recommend it to anyone who needs portability , speed and reliability .
perhaps an external keyboard when not on the road would make it almost perfect !

1
this laptop by sony has been good to me for a while now and i recommend it for people who are on the go but yet do not need the very latest and greatest in technology .
the intel centrino processor works fine .
i have no complaints although , of course , at 1.5 ghz it 's not the fastest processor out there .
it works fine for me , though .
the ram i added to have the laptop be able to use a full gigabyte of ram has not interfered with hibernation , as another reviewer experienced.the case does scratch easily ; and the sound is fair .
i use earphones that let me increase the sound beyond what the computer is capable of producing ; and that 's an obvious plus .
the keyboard is much tighter and smaller than a desktop keyboard and this took some getting used to .
i wound up buying a mouse to avoid that pad upon which you slide your finger to control the cursor and mouse pointer on the screen.you will need a special cleaner to wash the screen -- this screen is not made of glass but fortunately the cleaning products are relatively affordable.in addition , i really like that this comes with a combination cdrw -- dvd drive .
i have often used this to watch movies while i travel or lie in bed just lazing around on a sunday afternoon .
the drive works very well and there are no software issues so far for me.as amazon notes , you get norton anti-virus software and microsoft works with this and all this and more runs on the windows xp home edition operating system , which is fine with me .
there are ports and more to make this laptop exactly the way you personally want it to be .
excellent !
overall , this laptop is very solid .
sure , the smaller keyboard took some getting used to ; but that came in time .
this little computer 's got a lot of life in it ; and i think you 'll be able to make good use of it .
if you still have any questions , you can download the product manual from this website or you can also read the product description above .
the other reviews are well done , too .

1
i 've had this sony vaio since march of 2004 to replace an older laptop and i had absolutely no mechanical problems with it until this week ( july 2005 ) when the hard drive died suddenly and without warning .
luckily i had purchased an extended warranty when i bought it but i wo n't get my laptop back for 2 to 3 weeks.hard drives should not die after one year of use.when i brought it in for repair the guy who was helping me said that the hard drive on his vaio , which was also about a year old , had just died too .
the girl in line next to me was also having her vaio worked on ... i guess i 'm just saying watch out , it may seem like a really good idea now but these things seem to have their problems right after the manufacturer 's warranty has ended.i 'm really gentle with my laptop and i 've never mistreated it or dropped it or anything like that .
i even yell at people when they close the lid too hard.in response to other comments made : the case does scratch easily ; i had placed it into a laptop bag and something else in the bag had gouged a really deep scratch onto the top .

1
this tiny notebook with very bright screen draws a lot of attention , so if you 're the type that needs attention it 's good for that , i guess .
and it 's awesome for portability , and with a built in cd/dvd drive it 's loads better than carrying around extra modules to plug in .
but it runs very hot , fans are pitiful .
as a result hard disk crashed 13 months after purchase , yes , after warranty expired .
however , bought it with american express card who automatically doubles the warranty and they replaced hard drive for free .
but it 's just a matter of time before new hard drive melts again , so i 'm very careful to transfer files to my desktop regularly , as there was no warning before crash .
the reviewer who said the screen damages with slightest touch is greatly exaggerating .
probably the same type of person as my next door neighbor -- ca n't close any door or cupboard without slamming it .
i still give it 4 stars because i have yet to own a laptop that did n't break down in less than two years for various reasons with gentle use , so it 's unfair to judge only this one harshly .
so i 'd recommend this model if portability is number 1 priority .
otherwise other models and brands give much better value and possibly better reliability .

1
while it 's true that the z1wa does not come with a recovery cd , and that sony will supply you one for $ 25 , it comes with a utility to create your own set of ( 9 ) recovery cds .
unfortunately , the utility to make them is a little brain-damaged .
it 's supposed to keep a taskbar icon available until you create a set , but looking at it and cancelling makes it go away .
looking and cancelling is also enough to make it force you to reboot with no way to avoid it ( beyond letting the `` ok to reboot '' dialog languish in the background ) .
it 'd be more convenient , for sure , if sony just spent the $ 2 to include a set of recovery cds , but you do n't have to spend $ 25 if you do n't want to.one of my main complaints so far is that the filesystem as shipped is horribly fragmented , making the computer quite slow .
make sure you defrag as soon as possible .
it speeds up the computer tremendously .
again , i 'm surprised sony did n't fix this in the factory.another complaint is the keyboard .
the keys are quite flat and a little hard to touch-type on .
also , the right shift key is the same size as a regular letter key , making it hard to use .
sony should have made the arrow keys smaller and extended the shift to be a double-wide key as it should be , but that 's moot now.also , it comes with c : ( 14gb ) and d : ( 37gb ) drives from the factory , which seems silly .
i suppose it might make it easier to recover , but i have n't tried that yet .
but it 'd make more sense to me to have the one hard drive have only one letter so that you had only one chance to run out of drive space , not two.also , it does come with a lot of utilities that are n't the most helpful .
norton internet security seems like too much of a mother hen .
norton anti-virus is a 3-month trial , as is office .
i 'm sure there are more of these utilities that are doing nothing more than wasting drive space , but i 've only had it for about 12 hours now.the lid can be a little hard to open , too , especially with one hand .
there 's no latch , just a spring holding it closed and it 's a litte tight .
it might loosen up with use , though.having cleartype font smoothing on as default would probably have made sense , too , but it wasn't.other than these quibbles , though , i 'm quite happy with the computer .
it 's quite light , has a nice high-resolution screen ( which others with worse sight might find a detriment ) , looks sexy ( especially after you take off the at least six stickers ) , and performs well .
i 'm happy .

1
howdy !
well , so far it 's been a week with my new toy , and i 've come to appreciate its ' strengths and weaknesses so far .
first , i 'll let you know why i got it .
i plan on going back to school , and i needed a fairly mobile notebook to use in class and for my schoolwork , as well as light gaming and occasional dvd movies .
( ... ) so , here are the bad points first : built-in memory/hard drive - 256mb with xp does n't cut the mustard , and with 32mb taken out of the main system memory for your video card leaves you with a paltry 224mb ram available .
this hurts performance , since the swap file is constantly used , and with a 4,200 rpm drive , it can bog the system down .
i recommend an immediate upgrade to at least 512mb ram on top of the included 256mb .
also , i know that this is a basic system , so 40gb hd space is limited , but 60gb would have been really nice .
wishful thinking , though .
; ) power adapter - a true brick , over a pound .
yuck.no wifi - this is somewhat bad and somewhat good , since i was able to get a wifi pc card that works with my d-link router to give me double 802.11g speeds , which is cool .
i would n't be able to do that with built-in wifi .
the antennae sticking out of the pc card is sometimes a eyesore , though.the good : display - 15 '' display is very nice , although viewing angle is n't all that great .
still , considering that i 'll want to do some private work on this , that 's probably a good thing.keyboard - not too mushy , and the keys are placed a bit oddly , but nothing you ca n't get over after a few days of intense use.processor - for what i do , the 2.8 ghz celeron is fine , and with the ram upgrade , it rarely runs at 100 % .so , that 's it .
overall , if you want a student-level or really basic notebook , go ahead and get this one , it 's pretty decent .
if you 're even a medium-level gamer or someone that needs more than the basics , go elsewhere .
= )

1
i bought sony vaio pcg-k13 a few weeks ago .
i have been impressed and throughly satisfied for the following reasons:1 ) it has a fast processor , p4 2.8 ghz which completely satisfies serious computational needs.2 ) attractive display .
the screen has a coating which seems to enchance the color quality thus the webpages look rich .
also , when the screen is viewed from an angle and not right from front , it does not turn negative unlike most of lcd displays.3 ) comes with a 512 mb ram .
this makes the applications fast to open and run.4 ) for a sony quality , a price tag of $ 1400 is worth it.5 ) has an inbuilt lan wireless card for wireless connectivity.6 ) sturdy body , can sustain some banging and rough handling.7 ) comes with a sony memory stick slot .
so if you are using a sony pda or a digital camera , it 's very handy.8 ) comes with many sony registered softwares and a partitioned hard drive.9 ) has a cool feature , `` sony recovery wizard '' .
if something goes wrong , data can be backed up and the computer can be set to `` factory setting '' .and ... ..what 's not good ... 1 ) the ac adapter is enormous !
!
it 's more like a brick than something sleek .
but a small one can be bought at a sony store.2 ) 7.5 lbs is too heavy to carry especially at the airport.3 ) battery typically lasts only 2hrs ( under normal use ) and takes quite a long time to charge.so , at the end , the pros dominate the cons .
it 's worth it , it 's a sony !
!

1
this machine has been stable and durable .
the screen is bright and crisp .
not a single pixel has died .
a 2.8 ghz pentium iv processor and 333 mhz system bus ( approximately ) is pretty darned fast for a laptop , if what you need is pure , raw speed .
slower dual-core processors probably wo n't keep up with this machine .
( and remember that few applications are written to take advantage of dual core cpus . )
that 's what i needed .
i got it for use with dragon naturally speaking , which is about the most cpu-hogging application in widespread use .
the machine is fast enough for dragon .
the sound chip is adequate for dragon , though possibly not ideal .
i can run dragon and ms word simultaneously , without any serious problems , though the cpu strains a little to keep up at times.this machine is heavy and somewhat bulky .
the fat pentium processor drains the battery fast .
you might get 90 minutes out of it , or a bit more , if you set the power management savings to their most conservative , do n't use the dvd , and turn off the wireless .
use the battery less conservatively and you 'll get more like an hour.if you do n't need this kind of cpu horsepower , you 'll probably prefer a lighter machine with longer battery life .
if you need to crunch some heavy numbers in real time , this might be the machine for you .

1
i 've previously owned a pc and a notebook ( grt series ) from sony prior to the purchase of this tr3ap1 notebook via sony.com right when it was first introduced.just like all of the other sony products , this notebook is very stylish .
but the main reason i bought this product was because my grt notebook was hard to carry around the campus because of its size and weight , i had owned the product for only about 5 months .
tr notebook is light without its battery .
even with its battery , it is still light compared to most other notebooks when i purchased it.another positive thing about this tr3ap1 notebook is its battery life .
my grt notebook would only last about 1 hour at max ( no kidding but that notebook is like a portable pc ) but my tr could last about 2 hours with its maximum performance .
and maybe 3-5 hours with ultimate battery life.none the less , this notebook cost me about $ 2500 with a few accessories such as notebook protector and its carrying case .
also , i had spent another $ 500 on an xbrite lcd to use it in my room .
this notebook is costly !
built in wireless is great !
but you should expect to spend $ 50-100 on a wireless lan pc card from sony ( that 's what i prefer ) .
also , add speakers for your room , there 's another $ 100 .
and the list goes on ... this is just my personal experience but sony products are only so good for about a year .
after that , they 're crap .
i 've never used any other products so i ca n't comment on it .
well i just bought another ipod from apple because my previous one is like not working ( 6 months old ) .
so there you go about apple.i buy sony products anyway because they satisfy my needs and wants which is convenience and style .
as a college student , that 's what you want .
but being have to invest about $ 2000- $ 3500 , there 's really no money for it unless you get a break from your parents .
and sony products being sony products , if you 're o.k .
with upgrading to a different product every year , this is the notebook for you .
as i 'm writing this , i 'm already looking at a new notebook to buy .
hope this helped .

1
i think that this is a very good computer , matter of fact im using it right now but when used for 15 min it gets hot , and i mean very hot .
i burned myself using it and forgetting that it gets hot .
except for that little detail , overall i have never had any viruses and i think that this computer will last me a long time .

1
first , buyers should know that the wireless modem will run on the same frequency as a 2.4ghz phone , which means you will frequently lose your connection through your router .
i was on the phone with toshiba for a couple of hours last night trying to correct the problem .
the only solution is that i 'll have to buy a new networking card , which kind of defeats the purpose of buying a computer with an intergrated wireless connectivity .
it 's an unnecessary hassle since toshiba advertises this feature as being & quot ; hassle-free.
& quot ; of course , i also could buy a new phone !
it 's an issue that those who are looking to step up to one of these new media center laptops should be aware of .
toshiba 's tech support told me that the technology is so new that there 's no solution for the problem just yet.also , my previous toshiba , the satellite 5005 , had a built-in subwoofer , this one does n't .
the sound quality is a serious step down , considering the price of the unit.other than that , i 'm having a great time learning the various bells on whistles on the unit .
i just thought potential buyers should be aware of the router-phone issue .

1
i 've had it for about a week now and i 'm very pleased .
it 's small and light and best of all , half the price of a sony !
i 've seen both good and bad reviews for this item so i was hesitant to buy one .
the construction seems good and it feels nice and solid .
the keyboard layout is a little odd , but i 'll get used to it .
i wish they could remove those stupid & quot ; windows & quot ; keys and make the space bar a bit wider .
i plugged it into a desktop monitor and was surprised to see it supported up to 1600 x 1200 resolution ... and that was just in 32mb video mode.pros : - the price.- small and light , a notebook that is actually the size of a notebook !
- performance , no complaints here !
512mb ram , 40gb hd , 64mb video , and fast enough for anything i 'm likely to do with it.- dvd+cd-rw combo.cons : - the usb ports could be in a better spot .
it makes using a mouse difficult at times.- the battery life is n't is good as i 'd hoped.- a little on the noise side.- the speakers are n't very loud , especially with dvds .

1
this was the least expensive notebook we have purchased for corporate use .
from the machine itself to the box it comes in it is a no-frills bundle .
but ... the computer proved to be of good quality , works correctly , all of the bundled software came-up without any fuss .
we have not had it long enough yet to rate its long term reliability .

1
this is a great , fast pc that meets all of my needs .
i am a graduate student and it gives me plenty of speed and the wireless works great .
the weight is great , and it leaves my backpack light enough that my chiropractor has stopped yelling at me .
i did upgrade the os to xp-pro , service pack 2 , but that is the only upgrade that i have made.pros : light weight , processing speed , bright screen.indifferent : battery life : averatec says that the battery lasts up to 3 hours .
i think that the three hours is if you turn it on , put it in a corner and leave it there with the wireless adapter turned off .
which is exactly how they ran their tests .
i did take the time to tune the battery , and i get pretty good life out of it -- with the wireless on , i get about 2.5 hours .
i did make the investment in an i-go juice ac adapter which includes a car adapter , which i find very convient.cons : speakers are a little tinny sounding , but i usually use headphones or external speakers .
it does run a little warm , but not hot enought to become uncomfortable or to keep my coffee warm .
the fan is a little loud , but that is the case for all thin and lights.great notebook for the price .

1
i do n't know if it 's just me , but every time i pack my notebook and take it out again , i have a half imprint of the touch pad square on my screen.it wipes away , but i 'm concerned it might eventually cause permanent damage , and it 's really annoying to open to a nasty marking in the middle of the screen.all in all , it 's a great buy though .
my first notebook ... every other pro & con has been stated in other reviews.update update update update update update update update updateafter a few months of packing my computer in and out of a rather expensive and well-cushioned laptop backpack , that pressure from the touchpad on the lcd finally caused damage .
my lcd broke , with the crack starting exactly where it made contact with the touchpad .
this was all due to a complete lack of effective cushion padding on the lcd ( those little bumpers at the bottom of the lcd ) .i called averatec , and they said i could send it in , it would be covered by warrenty , and i 'd have it back in a few weeks .
soon after , i got a call from fremontek ( handles averatec warrenty and repairs ) telling me that it 's not covered , and i 'd have to pay $ 355 to get it back repaired , or about $ 60 just to get it back the way it was !
i had already paid for shipping , so wtf !
i had them send it back to the tech three times , each time explaining that the damage was due to a factory defect ( no cushion pads , touchpad contact with lcd , etc ... ) , but the warrenty clearly states that `` physical damage to the lcd '' is not covered , even though any damage due to a manufacturer 's defect is ... i was pissed.i ended up paying for repairs , but my billing authorization statement declares that the damage was due to no cushion padding , a manufacturer 's defect , and that the new lcd must have significant cushion padding .
since they took the money , they must have agreed to the statement .
if i get another lcd that presses against the touchpad , i will be royally pissed off .
it should get here tomorrow ... this whole experience has taught me never buy from averatec , and may even have converted me to apple.update update update update update update update update updatelol - apple.. ?
what was i thinking ?
: pthe new screen was the glossy kind , and much better than the old .
the notebook served several more years of use after being repaired , and has been passed on to a friend now .
i suppose i got my money 's worth out of it in the end , but still would n't recommend averatec , especially with the range of competitive options these days ( 3/2/2009 ) .

1
i think that this is the best notebook for the money .
if you are looking for the basics ... this is it !
i was a little afraid of the name brand , but it 's been great !
it 's fast and it works great for me !
the built in wireless lan is fantastic .
my only gripe is that the battery does not last 3+ hours like it says on the label .
i find that it lasts on average of 2 hrs and 45 mins at best .
it has to be good ... my daughter snags it whenever she can ... we are pretty tough critics .
save your money and buy this one .

1
bought the averatec av3225hs in november 2004*love the slim & light profile*amd processor is a better product than the intel chips , but the average user can not tell , but will feel good about not caving into the intel monopoly ( my desktop pc is also an amd processor : ) ) *dc adapter is designed well and not bulky and does not take up space on your wall outlet*came with xp software and will automatically update*have installed several home-user software ( ms office , quicken , etc ) without issues*battery life is about 3hrs , about 2 with wireless modem on all the time*wireless modem works very well , as does the builtin ethernet connection*dvd player/cd burner works well .
*if you 're looking for a great laptop that works straight out of the box..this is it !
!
!
!
i recommend this brand over dell 's and hps for the price and form factor

1
ive had my averatec computer for a year now and it 's been very reliable and worth every penny .
it 's a great computer ... very fast .
it 's also very light so i can easily carry it everywhere and it 's great to be able to do my work on my balcony at sunset .
i highly recommend this computer .
i 've given this a 4 star instead of a 5 because i did have some slight problems with the internal wireless card and had to call the customer service .
they were fairly helpful but it was a little annoying to have to call them .
the bottom of the laptom does get a little hot and the fan is a little louder than other lap tops but you get use to it and it does n't hinder me from my work .

1
good machine .
i love the way it looks , works and handles things .
macs can do things so nicely that pcs can only aspire .
but it does just [ this ] many things.windows based software may be poor and unstable , but they sure can do many ( read aloud - many ) more things , and sure are cheap .
pc software is available in such abundance that there are always at least some options out there to meet your needs .
not as neat as its mac counterpart , if there is any .
yeah , i said , if there is any.do more things = meet more needs .
hey you , guys at apple !
get more people to make more software to meet more needs .
software domain for mac os x have a lot of catch up with .
wake up mr. rabbit !
wannbe converts : mac is a different animal .
it might not replace your pc altogether .
not yet .
be careful .

1
i 've had this computer for almost three months now .
i upgraded to the 128mb videocard and 1gb ram .
i also installed abobe creative suite cs , office 2004 for mac , virtual pc 6 with win2000 and red hat linux , and macromedia stdio 2004 .
i also have lots of ibm-made windows xp pro laptops and workstations .
windows xp drives me nuts most of the times .
as an italian , i do appreciate beauty and aesthetics , and i certainly agree with steve jobs when he says about microsoft , & quot ; they have no taste.
& quot ; when you compare the elegance of macos with winxp , it 's like comparing a michelangelo painting with a six-year old kid 's drawing .
and i wo n't even mention the beauty of the machine itself or even the attention to details in the packaging of the unit.the os is rock-solid .
i may have photoshop , indesign , dreamweaver , iphoto open at the same time , and the os hums through all that like a lexus at 65mph on the i5 .
this my not be the fastest pc out there , but it certainly does not feel any slower than my 3.0ghz , 1gb , 80gb , 7200rpm ibm intellistation .
it is surely more stable though ( and quieter too ) .
the thing is , this machine , unlike a windows box , does not require a norton or mcafee internet security suite to bog down your system resurces .
to give you an example , my virtualpc win2000 was fine until i installed mcafee internet security suite , which slowed it down a bit ( well , maybe five bits ) .
it is actually amusing to use virtual win2000 on top of macos .
when you see the sloppines of windows-based programs , unwanted balloon tips popping up all the time bragging about the new exciting features of the os or warning you about a new virus and so forth , it is a pleasure to go back to mac os and just do whatever you need to do with ease .
the apple mail program has a better spam filter than outlook on my ibm .
the machine goes to sleep in one second and wakes up from sleep in two seconds , and even when on , it 's whisper quiet .
when the processor is working at full blast , you can hear the noise , but it 's still much quieter than my ibm boeing-747-take-off kind of noise .
safari is fast and reliable , ilife is a pleasure to use , when inserting a previously seen - but unfinished - dvd into the slot , the dvd player asks you whether you want to start watching the movie from the beginning or from where you left off .
is n't that what every dvd player on the planet should do ?
yet , not only do windows-based dvd player not do that , they either have some of the ugliest interfaces in the software world ( windvd ) or install a lot of crapware on your system that makes ad windows pop up all the time ( real player ) .
mac os never crashed in three months of intensive use , nor did the applications , with the exception of word 2004 ( it does it all the time when selecting italian as the language in the tools menu ... maybe bill gates does not like italy ) and iphoto once.switching from windows to mac was a walk in the park , i think i took 10 minutes to figure out the big picture , and one day to master it at an intermediate level .
if you are a developer , you 'll love the xcode and python programs too .
they come free with the machine.the machine is not perfect , though ; hence only four stars .
text looks crisper to me in win xp than it does in mac os , even though microsoft drives me nuts with its persistence in using small size fonts in this day and age .
sure , i know i can select extra large fonts in display panel , and i can change font size within specific applications , but it 's still a pain in the rear and time consuming .
fonts on the mac are already of the perfect size ( apple , unlike ms , seems to grasp the concept that we are not using 640x480 screens anymore ) and a pleasure to read , even though they could be a bit crisper ( that could be a subjective thing , though .
some people swear by the smoothness of mac fonts ... ) .
btw , you will have to know how to set up the clear font option in win xp because it 's not active by default , which makes text in win xp horrible .
again , what is microsoft thinking ?
sloppy people .
the second complaint about this powerbook is relative to the lid hatch that lets the lid pop open sometimes .
i know there 's a diy way of fixing it .
i just did n't go the apple discussion board yet , to read how to implement it .
overall , unless you are into gaming , you should definetly ditch windows in favor of mac os .
it will be like leaving the venetian casino in vegas and going to piazza san marco in venice .
when you see the real thing , you will be asking yourself , & quot ; why was i at the venetian in the first place ?
& quot ;

1
my fujitsu lifebook ( which i loved ! )
died on me w/a shorted out motherboard that was impossible to access to fix ( w/out the help of few $ 100s just to open her up ) .
i found it just easier to purchase a new notebook than repair.yes , the powerbook was an expensive purchase .
in retrospect , a 12 '' probably would have been fine .
i also do n't know that i need the dvd burner - but i have it.the speed is great .
th 80g is nice .
the screen is superb .
resolution is wonderful .
set-up was a breeze , as was connection to my pre-existing wireless network .
as always , apple 's packaging and design are flawless .
the keyboard is wonderful ( and i like the backlighting ) .testing out idvd was fun .
'star wars ' looked great on the screen ( ok , maybe a 12 '' would n't have cut it for something like that ) .
still lot more features to play with ( imovies , iphoto , etc ) that i won't/do n't use everyday ... .but fun to have.security is pretty sound - and was even talked out of purchasing a virus pack by the folks @ the apple store.though i had an early version of a mac , it 's taking a bit of time to reacclimate to a non-windows unit .
i have some issues w/the mac version of office - but that is for a software review later.ok - so why only 4 stars ?
i 've decided it 's very tough to give technology prodcuts 5 stars .
i 've done so in the past and been burned .
but i 've also decided not to review them immeidately anymore also .
had the powerbook 2 mos and very happy w/it .
in my mind - 5 star worthy .
in print - i 'll hedge my bets and stick w/ 4 .

1
i am a corporate designer .
i had my choice of getting a g5 desktop or the 17 '' powerbook .
i struggled with the decision , primarily because i wanted those dual processors so badly .
i went for the powerbook because of the portability ... and come on , it 's gorgeous .
i am absolutely thrilled i chose this laptop .
it 's fast , rarely crashes ( i think i restart maybe once a week ) and is more than i expected or hoped for .
i also maxed out the ram at 2 gigs , which has helped tremendously.i added a bluetooth keyboard and mouse ( apple ) and use my existing 20 '' flatscreen , with the laptop 's screen acting as a palette monitor while i am in the office .
i also added an icurve stand ( $ 40 griffin ) which keeps my powerbook cool and brings it to eye level which has offered less neck strain.my one gripe is that 80 gigs simply is not enough .
i was spoiled with a 120 gig hd in my old g4 tower plus an extra 80 gig internal drive .
with creative suite being such a huge scratch disk hog , i am constantly having to archive files to get them off my hard disk to make more space .
if you are like me and have a large mp3 collection , you know how important a large hd is .
hopefully , apple will add a larger capacity hd option to it 's next offering .

1
the latitude c610 is a solid laptop .
although manufactured a few years ago it is still capable for mobile office work and moderate internet usage .
heft of about 6lbs the system conveys a ruggedness appropriate for the intended market : business use .
the latitude series is the professional series of laptops by dell enjoying longer warranty , extended service life cycles ( meaning models arent phased out as quickly ) .
this laptop was built when windows xp was just starting to dominate the os field .
the industrial design holds up well with a staid muted appearance that appeals more than glossy covers or plaid skins you seen on more recent laptops .
the back of the lid sports the dell medallion ( for lack of a better word ) .
other nice touches include the leds denoting hard drive activity , ac charge and network activity are easy to read at a glance .
the keyboard has a good tactile feel to it , with a decent travel action .
like most laptops it comes with two pointer standards - the eraser button style pointing stick and the touchpad .
two pc card slots on the back left side are great candidates for a firewire usb 2.0 combo pc card because alas - the sole usb slot is usb 1.0 generation .
the lack of multiple built in usb slots is less of a hindrance than i thought - it is the age of wireless printers after all .
still when i need to use my external logitech mouse and my thumb drive i feel less ambivalent so it is worth noting this lack of vision from dell engineers .
the screen is a comfortable 1024 x 768 which when paired with a web browser that auto scales websites ( opera 11 with it 's turbo mode ) it works fine .
battery life has been a comfortable 3 hours with light usage .
the front media bay can accept another battery for marathon sessions in class or in transit at airports .
one thing i like about the power adapter is the keyed wedge like tip - it looks like this would make it more difficult for the laptop to develop the `` loose power port '' syndrome so many laptops suffer from.applicationsthe system is surprisingly snappy with windows xp sp3 - internet explorer is the fastest browser on the laptop but security concerns and the speed benefits when on a slow internet connection have won me over to opera web browser .
mozilla firefox 3.x runs fine on the system also .
microsoft office 2003 with the office compatibility pack to open office 2007 docx xlsx and pptx formats .
this version of office is tops for speed and just plain ease of use .
dvd playback is accomplished with the bundled oem software and sports a simplified xp like appearance.limitationsmovie viewing using netflix and other media playback tools could be constrained by the technical limitations of the processor - cutting edge beta flash plug-in versions and the latest silverlight plug-ins are increasingly requiring sse2 enabled processors at a minimum .
the flash 10.0x that i have loaded and silverlight 3 have been working for my modest browsing needs and i play movies using dvd or a digital copy from the local drive or network just fine.conclusionthis has been a real boon in my evening classes recently - hoping onto the wireless g network at school with ease -thanks to an upgrade to the minipci slot underneath !
a good laptop for my needs .

1
i purchased this notebook for 1999.98 usd which included the docking station and speakers.the centrino cpu auto steps when on battery to less than 700 mhz , but while plugged into it 's ac power supply runs at 1700 mhz which is close to the performance of a 2500 mhz pentium 4.i love the screen , the resolution and briteness of this screen is far greater than any notebook i have ever seen before .
someone else made a reference to the screen being `` hdtv '' but going to sony 's web site i could not find reference to hdtv quality graphics anywhere in their product specs for this notebook .
still , it has increadible resolution and fine line capability.the graphics processor built into this notebook uses the ati 9700 gpu which is n't bad for a notebook computer , in fact , i believe it is the best you can get right now for anyone notebook and will allow playing 9.0 directx games with wonderful graphics .
it is n't powerful enough to play doom3 without lags on the lowest gameplay resolution , but doom3 is an increadibly demanding game for graphics processors and cpu 's .
still , this notebook is plenty powerful enough to play most of this years opengl games .
i have been playing ut 2004 and most of the time the game flows like liquid , but there are occasional lags when things get super busy on the screen , so this notebook is n't a replacement for a pc gaming yet , but it is n't far off for most games.this baby is heavy , close to eight pounds and the battery life at full screen brightness is only an hour and a half , but i can live with that because i can always turn the screen briteness down when on battery which will allow several more hours of operation .
of course , when on battery it is n't good for gaming with the cpu stepped down to below 700 mhz , but is fast enough for most anything else on battery.sony had a problem with previous versions of their notebooks because the keypad lettering could be scratched off in normal use and the plastic housings finish rubbed off through use , something i really disliked , but this version does n't appear to suffer from the poor design of previous versions .
the usb connector is not accessible except at the back of the notebook , something i wish had been moved to either the right or left side of the notebook .
also , this notebook does not have a serial port which is required in my line of work to communicate with devices so that is a very big mistake on sony 's part , but for most people that wo n't matter.sony has improved lots of things with this machine , they moved the cdrom eject button to a place you wo n't accidentally hit when trying to close the cdrom tray , so they finally figured that out.all sony needs to do is increase the clock speed of the cpu another 500 mhz above their current 1.7 ghz offering and you will have the hottest notebook on the market , as is , its a great solid replacement for a home pc used with everything but gaming .
however , notebooks will always be behind the capability of any pc when it comes to games because graphic processor manufacturers always lag at least a year behind for their mobile offerings .

1
i bought this model ( pentium 4 , 512 mb ram , 80 gb hard drive ) this last year to repleace a previous notebook model that was stolen .
i use it at home in place of a desktop model .
very happy with it .
only complant is the sound quality when playing cds or dvds .

1
i bought this notebook in august , and was using it in school !
well , after 2 days , it started crashing like mad !
!
!
!
and that 's because of it 's operating system ( home edition ! )
!
u might consider a different notebook if you 're going to use it on a large network , beccause it 'll crash if the processor is not working !
so in order to prevent it from crashing , i run a media program all day long !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
so ask for the professional windows edition !
apart from that , it 's a pretty solid notebook !
but toooo heavy !
!
i tried carrying it to the library twice , and after each journey , i 'm yearning for a massage !
it weight 's about 12 lbs !
!
!
!
!

1
first a disclaimer - i am sony fan , so with everything in my life ( clie , camera , camcorder , etc . )
takes memory sticks and whatnot , i am almost locked into buying a sony laptop.i got this laptop as a replacement to my pcg-grz630 , which was a pile of steaming crap - literally .
three repairs and the thing still overheated and itself burned out .
thank goodness for extended warranties.so i got the k23 , and i have to say so far it has been a wonderful machine .
it loads fast enough , performs most business apps well , and only stutters when i get into some more hardcore graphic and video work .
the screen is amazingly crisp and clear , but does have some glare from its mirror-like surface .
the built-in wireless is extremely strong at capturing weaker signals throughout my house and office .
the laptop has a better-designed cooling system and i have n't had it overheat or be unduly hotter than other laptops i 've used.the only problem i have had so far is with the touch pad .
it seems like it just flakes out every now and again - like it is either slowly responds or it dropping its refresh rate .
also the thing is a monster .
it is n't overly heavy but the dimensions are huge.i do strongly recommend that the first thing you do when you get the machine up and running is to grab 7 cd-rs and make system recovery discs , since this model does not come with them .
i also quickly uninstalled all the security and sony stuff to alleviate a lot of the overhead demand on the machine.a big warning though - sony is not a computer company - they are an electronics company .
they are more accustomed to answering how to set the clock on your vcr than why your laptop is n't recognizing your network .
their support is almost non-existent when compared to a dell or gateway .
if you traditionally need some assistance with your computer equipment or lack a propeller on your beanie , then you might want to steer clear of sony computers .

1
overall the ibook is wonderful .
the only computer i 've owned was the mac 512k back in 1985 .
since then i 've worked on various pc 's in corporate america .
i struck out on my own just recently and needed to purchase a computer and decided on the ibook for several reasons ; price and the stability of the os .
i like the ibook 12 '' but it 's taking some time to adjust to it .
my previous pc was the toshiba m100 and it costs roughly twice the ibook , so keep that in mind .
the factors i 'm adjusting to are : * the ibook is 4.9 lbs , which is pretty light except when you 've been carting around the 2.5 lbs toshiba .
the toshiba does this by having a shorter battery life and no built in drive .
but now the ibook feels like it 'll throw out my back when i carry it around .
* i 'm disappointed with the fit and finish of the ibook vs the toshiba .
the edges are a bit sharp and i 'm getting used to the less precise feel of the track ( mouse ) button .
also i 'm afraid the white surface of the ibook will show dirt and stains more easily than the black and sliver colored surface of thee toshiba .
* someone told me that i 'd miss the right click button .
they were right .
* i also need to get more ram because the ibook is very slow with just 256k .
originally i was going to get an additional 256k but now i 'm leaning twards 512k or 1meg.my gut reaction is that chosing an apple computer was the right move vs a pc and that it 's just a matter of adjusting to the new os .
but i really wish that the apple os could be installed onto non-apple machines .

1
pro 's : great screancan hold 1.25 gb of ram.great sizegreat for microsoft office , dreamweaverbattery life is goodcon 's : sucky trackpadthere needs to be in other colurscould be a little thiner

1
this is my second review on this laptop .
i have always admired apple , just for their customer service their stuff and their hardware .
when i first recieved an ipod mini , i just had to discover what other things this so called company apple made ... it just so happens that i 've had my ibook for almost a year now and i really really like it .
the only reason why i gave it 4 stars is because i think it could be much better if it were faster and had more ram .
i 'm actually gon na get more installed in about a week , i 'll update my review then .
but yeah , the ibook is great for anyone who just needs a laptop do do schoolwork on create music , listen to music .
my job actually requires that i do much more demanding things with music files , so i might just get a faster powerbook intstead .
but if u do n't need fast and the furious , i totally reccomend the apple ibook g4 !
its great !

1
seems like ages ago that i bought this machine from amazon , though it was the summer of 2005 .
it represented the vaunted g4 processor , previously available only on powerbooks , which had sold at a 60 % to 80 % price premium to this ibook .
well , the cheaper ibook proved to be more attractive in many ways than its expensive predecessor -- trimmer , lighter , and faster than the powerbook i 'd purchased only 2 years previously .
but the build quality and attention to details were not up to the powerbooks .
within a year , the letters began rubbing off of my most used keys , and the keyboard became so loosey-goosey and rickety-sounding that it was no longer a pleasure to use the darn machine.having dropped and totaled my latest , a macbook , i 'm forced to return to this beaten-up baby , but it 's going to need a new keyboard .
and i 'm going to have to make some psychological adjustments not to feel consigned to the dark ages .
( the hard drive is listed at an unbelievable 30 gb of memory -- less than that once you 've factored in onboard programs and applications ) .
nowadays that 's considered minuscule even for a cell phone , ipod , or jump drive that you carry on a key chain ! )
but face it , we 've gotten a bit silly about technology -- as though we 're all that happier because gadget makers announce amazing innovations every 6 months , making us wonder if we should trade in our flat screen which has 720 pixels for one that has 1080 , even though to the naked eye they usually look the same.for a couple of hundred bucks , this is n't a bad pick-up .
the battery is almost as good as those currently used by apple , and it heats up to the same degree as my recent macbook ( but much less than the old powerbook ) .
just remember not to store your entire record and movie collection on it .
try for one which has already had the keyboard replaced , or plan for that extra expense ( and persuade the seller to knock off a few additional bucks ) .
and best not drop it ( but better this than one costing between 2 and 3 grand ) .

1
i spent about 3 weeks obsessing over which notebook to buy .
let 's not kid ourselves : with this tough economy stretching endlessly before most , it 's not so easy to throw down 2g 's for something i may/may not like or use .
so for a purchase this big , i needed to do lots of research.this laptop has all the listed specs , and more .
i played on this in 3 different , well-known chain stores ( best buy , circuit city , and compusa ) .
it was n't enough for me to read all the wonderous specs and the 4.5+/5.0 star reviews ; i needed to touch it , see it , work on it , hear it , and really know if it 's worth the mucho bucks .
after exhaustive research , lots of online time reading reviews , issues , problems , and making side-by-side comparisons against other toshiba and similar notebooks , i finally decided to take a chance and buy this.i have owned a toshiba tecra notebook before ( great machine ) , but have mostly owned dell pc's/notebooks for many years and have often been loyal to that company .
however , as most now are aware , dell 's customer service has been quite unimpressive of late .
i do n't know about toshiba 's service , but it could n't be any worse ; besides which , i bought the in-store , 3-year warranty to make sure if there 's a problem , i can take it in myself , rather than ship it back and forth to toshiba .
also , i comparison shopped with a very similar dell pc ( dell latitude d800 ) , which initially looks better at under $ 1400 ... except once i added on the `` this and that '' to match the specs on this toshiba , the dell price rose upwards of $ 2800 !
!
wow , what a difference in price , huh ?
i am well aware of all the problems that could exist with this notebook ; as i 've mentioned , lots of research time went into this purchase .
some recurring issues in forums are : overheating issues , dead pixel ( one ) on the lcd ( which some tech guy at a store told me is common on lcd screens , anyhow ) , smaller keyboard size ( true enough , but it 's not bad at all ) , sound system not being outstanding ( come on , people , get a desktop for such extensive audio work ! )
, and the windows xp home edition that 's pre-loaded ( yes , really , do upgrade to the pro edition , as it 's less `` buggy '' ) .but , what notebook is perfect ?
what other notebook has this much power , speed , battery power-saving capabilities ( centrino , baby ) , dvd-rw/cd-rw , widescreen lcd screen display ( you have to see to believe..it 's so beautifully bright that you ca n't help but be mesmerized and think `` purty '' ! )
, 80gb storage capacity , firewire port , 4 usb ports , built-in wireless wifi connectivity ( get the linksys wireless router wrt54g for faster , more reliable speed ) , sd memory storage , and at 6 lbs.
, what else could you want ?
think about it : what notebook does n't have problems ?
they all do or will at some point .
the key is to get a really good ( if somewhat expensive ) extended warranty plan that will cover everything , so that you can use this baby and sleep well at night knowing you 're covered for all sorts of unforeseen problems .
furthermore , you can get such cool accessories for this notebook that it 'll be like an early christmas present to yourself .
( see my accessory recommendations listed by asbin # under this product separately ) .overall , if this review is n't enough for you , i 'd recommend that you go out to a store to test it , try it , see it , love it , buy it , and take good care of it -- because for 2g 's , this is n't your average toy .
and if you decide to buy it , buy it at amazon , because you 'll save over $ 150 in taxes ( most states ) , which can go towards the xp pro upgrade , anyhow.oh yeah , and i 'd give this a 4.5 star -- not a 4.0 -- only because i did want the xp pro edition , pre-loaded , and maybe additional free ( read : useful ) softwares , such as microsoft office .
but since i have to upgrade and pay more for that stuff , i have to deduct the 1/2 star ... which , if you think about it , is not bad at all !
good luck and happy shopping !
and do n't forget that the rebates axe over $ 200 off the price , so for only $ 1800 , you ca n't go wrong !

1
i bought this same machine with a larger , 80gb drive for two hundred dollars less at my local costco.the centrino is a big win over a pentium 4 for laptop use : lots better battery life , less heat .
the built in wifi is , of course , a great feature but this machine has a little external on/off switch , which can take your ad-hoc network offline ( for security ) or just easily let you save additional power when you 're not using the network .
at 6 pounds , it is n't the lightest machine , but it is much lighter than the pentium 4 laptop it replaced for me ( a compaq presario 2500 at about 9 pounds ) .one negative : the silver paint finish on the screen cover rubbed off the very first time i put the machine in a laptop bag with a mouse .
it costs a lot more money to cast colored plastic than to paint it , so this is one place where toshiba cut corners and it shows , literally .

1
the new xbrite screen is much more impressive than i imagined .
it is extremely bright and sharp , making pictures and video seem much more vivid than on other screens ... while also allowing text to be more readable at higher resolutions.my only complaint are the covered usb and networking ports .
although it is nice that dust and other crud wo n't get lodged into them when packing it around , it makes it difficult to connect larger usb devices like keychain storage or a wireless mouse.overall , it is hard to beat for style and functionality .

1
the only significant problem with this computer was that the video card was sharing memory with the physical memory ( ram ) .
this meant that the notebook actually had only 192 mb ram of the original 256 mb ram remaining for physical memory use.the only minor problem i found in this computer was that the usb ports were spaced too closely to the round ac power jack .
this would be important if you were trying to plug in a wide usb device , such as the ipod shuffle or a variety of other mp3 stick players.besides these two issues , the hp pavilion ze4805us is a very quiet , reliable , and decent-performing computer with excellent value .

1
i bought this at bestbuy for like 1,600 bucks , which was a rip off .
they were selling it for 2,100 , but i bought the last one they had ( the floor model ) .
i do n't know what happened with this system , but it only had 512 ram , which bestbuy upgraded for free to 1 gig .
the ram is kinda set up funny , there 's a built in 512 slot , and then aother slot in which you can throw in up to a 1 gig stick , so it 's only upgradeable to 1.5 gigs of ram .
mind you , the 1 gig stick ( from newegg at the time of writting this ) was selling for over 300 dollars.i think it 's alright , i 've only had it for about a week .
everything runs well and looks nice , but i 'm trying to find some more accessories for it , including an extra battery ( mind you , it dies in less than 2 hours ) .
it 's got enough power that i use it for gaming while i 'm away from home ; it runs call of duty just fine , and half-life 2 with some pretty relaxed graphics and a fairly longer load time .
i pretty much only keep games on the main hard-drive , everything else i have an external usb drive for , and it works just fine.i 've been experimenting with setting up a network , i still have n't been able to link my desktop to my notebook and transfer files freely , which is fairly disappointing .
i 've run all of the windows xp network wizard 's and i the pc 's are talking to eachother , i just ca n't share files yet .
i 've also been trying to experiment with other people 's wi-fi networks , this computer seems to be fully compatable for anyone looking to do that sort of thing.i bought an external mouse and keyboard , but the keyboard on the zx5280us is pretty nice ( large enough to be comfortable ) ; i just do n't care for the traditional laptop mouse.the screen looks nice , it runs at 1280x800 with 32 bits .
the mobility radeon 9600 @ 128mbs is n't too bad for a laptop at all ; it 's got all the power i need for gaming .
just do n't expect anything insane like doom 3 at highest resolution ; but it will run the game and you can still enjoy it.of course , out of the box it took me about 10 hours to totally set up and customize ; which was kinda disappointing .
but now i 've almost got everything i want .
i had to download xp home service pack 2 , and about 4 hours worth of updates .
also this computer does not have any anti-virus software .
you 'll need to get some and it will probably cost you around 80 bucks ( at least ) .this guy really is n't for someone looking for mobility , it needs to stay plugged in , and it 's heavier then the majorty of laptops out there ; but it certainlly is capable of being used on the go.so with all these cons , why the 4 stars ?
it 's because it comes with everything i need .
i play games on it , i can set up the internet easily on it , it 's got enough power to do whatever i want to do within reason .
few pre-built laptops come with a 128mb graphics card and a 3.2 ghz processor .
if i wanted the same thing from a voodoo systems or alienware ; it would cost 3,000 bucks ; easily .
i can play the newest games on there at low resolution , that 's all i wanted from my laptop , and i 'm satisfied .

1
i just thought i 'd add a few additions/corrections to czarina 's review , to help fence-sitters decide.1 .
the video chipset is actually pretty good compared to what some ( though not all ) value laptops on the windows side have .
having a windows laptop does n't mean much if you 're using `` intel extreme graphics '' ( which pretty much rules out any 3d gaming ) .2 .
to solve the usb printer situation , you can always get an airport express or airport extreme base station .
both have a usb port on them to let you free up a usb port on the mac itself.3 .
there are p2p programs for the mac , including ones that connect to the kazaa network .
acquisition is a notable example .
keep in mind , of course , that grabbing copyrighted stuff from p2p is n't nice !
it 's faster and easier to buy through itunes , anyways .

1
elegant .
that 's the word i 've used to describe this laptop since buying it .
you can put jane hathaway in a ball gown , but she 's still homely .
this thing is more like jackie kennedy .
it 's got the ball gown , but it also speaks french and does n't snort at dinner parties.i 've read quite a few of the reviews for the ibook 14 '' .
i , like many reviewers , i am a new convert to apple .
i used the old ( first generation ? )
macs in college in the mid-80 's , and loved them then .
pcs were just bulkier , uglier , and tougher to navigate .
pcs have obviously come a long way , and so have apples.i bought my ibook at compusa , which had an 18 month no interest promotion on all computers , which got my attention .
i 'm not a huge nerd , but i do spend a lot of time online and do a lot of digital photography .
i also am president of my homeowner association , so i do quite a bit of writing -- meeting minutes , newsletters , etc .
i talked with the nerds ( it guys ) at work , telling them that i was about to buy a laptop .
we use dell at work , and i found a great deal on a dell at costco.com .
i showed them the deal , and they agreed it was a good price , but i might need a few upgrades .
several of these it guys mentioned an apple as a choice .
i did n't feel like learning a new operating system , so i actually placed the order for the dell.believe it or not ( and i hope this does n't turn too many people off ) , it was rush limbaugh who made the best arguments for apple for me .
he was talking to a listener who had called him asking which computer would be best for his daughter who was entering graduate school .
rush ( a technophile ) suggested the powerbook and went down a laundry list of reasons to choose apple over pc .
at the top of the list ( like many of the lists here ) is the fact that there are virtually no virus issues with macs .
i turned the car around and went to compusa to check out the ( small and somewhat neglected ) mac department .
i cancelled my order for the dell and bought my friendly little ibook.there 's no vert like a convert , and i 'm convinced .
i 've always thought apple people were just a little too fanatic .
now i see why .
frankly , i wish apple would just offer a serious money back guarantee .
i 'm convinced that once most people get one of these things home and find out that there 's not much of a learning curve , and the lack of heat , exceptional speed ( i did upgrade to 768 mb ram ) , and available ms office for mac , they 'd forget all about getting their money back and decide they got a realy good deal .

1
if you 're a hard-core windows user , please step away from the review !
now that they 're gone , let 's talk about the ibook .
it is n't the most powerful computer in apple 's line-up , but it 's their least expensive portable .
look at what you get though.cd/dvd burner ... built-inwireless connectivity ... built-inproductivity software ... built-inusb 2 and firewire ... built-inav out port ... built-inindustry leading support after the sale ... includedmovie creation software ... includeddvd creation software ... includedmusic management ... includedmusic creation ... includedphoto archiving and manipulation software ... includedprotection from viri and trojan horses ... includedactually the last is a bit of a tease .
no known viruses or trojan horses can get past os/x .
the only vunerability is if you type in your admin password and physically install an exploit .
ms windows should be so protected out the box.where it 's lackingonly 256 m of memory ... memory is relatively cheap .
apple should have put in at least 512 m.60 gig hard drive only runs at 4200 rpm .
this is slow .
apple should use faster ( 5400 or better ) drives .
especially if you plan on using this as a multi-media editor for music or movies .
while you can put in a faster drive ( not easily though .
the ibook is a tough nut to crack ) , you 'll void your warrenty doing so unless it 's done through an apple certified service center .
fortunately , there are several manufacterer 's of usb 2 and firewire based external drives ranging from 20 gigs to 250 gigs and up .
if portability is an issue , make sure the drive can be buss-powered .
the ibook can supply power for such drives through its usb 2 and firewire ports.no firewire 800 ports .
while this irks me , it really is n't that big an issue .
there are few ( so far ) devices that use fw 800.only a 32 meg video card .
if all you want to do is play games , you 'll most likely be disappointed by the ibook 's graphics card .
if this is an issue , spend a little more and get a powerbook which has a 64 meg card.no backlighting options for the keyboard or screen .
the pbs have this ( 15 and 17 inch ) , but it is not an option on the ibook .
not that big a deal unless you are a mole living in total darkness most of the time .
the light off the lcd provided me with enough light ( barely ) to see the keyboard in low-light conditions.while it may seem like i have a lot of complaints about this computer , i actually prefer it in many ways over its much more expensive sibling , the powerbooks .
when the time came for a new portable to replace my g3 based pismo ( apple fans know what this is ) , i chose the ibook instead of the pb .
with my cost savings , i bought more memory and an external usb 2 80 gig hard drive.last thing and then i 'll shut up .
i recommend the excellent applecare 3 year protection plan .
remember that it is a laptop and like any other small electronic device , can be damaged more easily than its tower cousins .

1
i was looking to buy a pentium 4 notebook with a large ( 15.4 ) lcd screen in `` wxga '' ( widescreen ) format , but when i found this one ... .
i think i do n't need to keep looking any further.emachines was an independent company , now owned by gateway .
they always made great machines based on amd processors , and this seems to be no exception.the 64-bit athlon64 cpu delivers roughly the same power as a 3.2 ghz p4 , and not only that , it can run today 's 32-bit applications as well as tomorrow 's windows for amd64 ( currently in beta ) and today 's 64-bit suse linux 9.1 ( which includes a fully ported 64 bit kernel ) .the video chipset is a `` real '' one , using dedicated video memory instead of `` shared ram '' .the screen seems lovely for dvd playback , and the hd space is enough even for splitting in two and installing xp + linux in a dual-boot configuration.good-bye p4 notebooks ...

1
the seller ended up not having the t42 in stock , so i opted to have him substitute a t41 .
for 100 less mhz , he gave me a gig of extra ram , so its about even .
fast dhl shipping was also included in the deal !
!
i rate the seller very high for customer service and courteousness !
!
i would definitely buy from him again .
the laptop came with a decent battery and was practically blemish free .
if i did n't know it was refurbished , i would have suspected it was new .

1
i have been using an ibm t40 for the last 1.5 years and just bought an ibm t43 for my brother .
performance wise , this is a great machine .
some of the differentiating factors i have found.1 .
the ibm support center on the laptop itself is kind of helpful.2 .
the ibm record now ( and the dvd record for t43 ) have very simple and clean user interfaces .
and the cd/dvd burns really fast.3 .
ibm is supposed to have one of the best customer support .
though i have not yet had a chance to use them.some of the not so great things i have experienced with my 1.5 year old ibm1 .
unfortunately , the battery cycles do not outlast other manufactures .
my ibm battery now has only 1 hour of juice on a full charge .
it started out at 3 - 3.5 hours2 .
ibm computers come with their own wireless network setups etc .
so it is sometimes confusing , when to open the windows standard interfaces or when to use the ibm interfaces3 .
my ibm t40 sometimes comes up with a `` fan error '' when it tries to restore from sleep or bootup .
it might be just my machine .
but a little tap on the fan does the work almost every time.4 .
the portable media bay door does not close if you do n't push at certain points on the bay door .
once you know , what that point is ( beyond the open button ) , then it should not be a problem.overall , it is an excellent machine .

1
have had mine for two years now .
granted , the battery life is fairly low , and it 's big for a laptop , but this is a desktop replacement , so that was to be expected.the display is nothing short of fabulous and the entire machine seems very robust .
it has yet to freeze or crash on me like past computers have and like others have described .
perhaps because mine has 1 gb ram installed.the one thing that bugs me is the loud fan .
other than that , this is a great machine .

1
i purchased a sony vaio pcg-k33 after my a10 toshiba laptop broke down in less than a year !
the sony laptop is very powerful , i am crunching numbers while writing papers and it works very good .
however , it is a little heavy and the fan is noisy .

1
i bought this laptop in 2004 and i only had one problem with it .
however have n't i been in iraq it would never occur well i fried my mother board also at that time the fan was making more noise than normal and the technicians told me that it was extremely dirty not a surprise since i was in the middle east - it was a relatively easy fix since it was under the warranty - lucky me !
i sent it to sony they replaced it and returned to me fine and since then not even one single complain.since 2004 i 've been to over 7 countries and always had my vaio in my bag ( a map bag ) .
my favorite aspects are the fact that is very easy to carry ( light ) , under arms , in a book bag , a tote ... and walk to a hot spot any where in the world and while there you can hold it with one hand and grab your coffee/drink with the other , the battery life is wonderful and also the design is fabulous to me -very thin .

1
owned the a290 since 2004 .
almost 4yrs old but she 's been good to me .
she 's a big girl but i have no regrets .
when i 'm at the airport , everyone 's looking at her big beautiful self-adjusting screen .
a little thick but worth it to me.had an issue with the itunes software and had to re-image .
not sure aboutthat whole incident ; may have been my fault but she 's okay now .
the cd/dvd rw had acted up for a couple of months but then started being good again .
no issues since then.battery life sucks .
bring the plug/adapter .
seeing the wires on the docking station when i walk into my office has gotten old .
looks and sounds great with any type of media .
movies/tv , music , pc games ( not many games but enough ) .recently bought an fz premium notebook with the intentions of giving away the a290 .
no way .
seeing her side by side with a leaner/younger machine , i 've decided to keep her .
vista does n't run everything i need it to run anyway .
dynamic link library conflicts.i 'm mostly ppt , jpeg/avi , wav data .
she still surfs the internet like a hawaiian - hardline or wireless .
really like the memory stick slot as i have several other sony products .
inputs/outputs are readily available.she is a solid ( no fat ) performer .
she does n't have blue ray but i 'm keeping her .
probably surprise her with another gb of memory for her b'day .

1
i have had the s260p ever since it was first introduced i believe in late 2004 .
this was the first sony vaio that i had bought .
all my earlier laptops have been dell machines.the s260p has worked great for me all these years , i did at some point increase the memory.after using it for as long as i have , it appears that the speed has slowed down ... .
may be it is just perception or could be the accumulation of all the junk and a truck load of pictures that i have loaded up with , along with running norton av , norton ghost and ms defender , ad-ware as well as spyware blaster.about 3 months ago i was on a biz trip when late on friday i discovered that the touch pad and main power button had frozen and i could virtually not do any thing.due to the urgency of the situation and with unsuccessful trips to best buy - geek squad and circuit city - fire dog ( both could not resolve the problem ) .
i had the hard drive removed ... considered transferring all data to an external hd so that i could at least complete my project and presentation.luckily , i had earlier purchased the extended warranty through sony .
i did not realize that they ( sony warranty support ) were open 24/7.. would not have wasted my time with best buy and circuit city ... .
any way sony arranged to have a technician at my hotel room mid monday morning and he was able to restore and fix everything at no charge .
( sony , did not have a repair center or technician in the city where i was .
they arranged to send one from out of town . )
it is quite natural for things to malfunction ... .
more so if they have been used and moved around like i use them.sony thanks for a great machine and thanks for coming through with your tech and repair support.i am contemplating changing to a new laptop ... .
guess ... just because i want to ... .
but logically i can not find any reason to , since my present machine seems to doing all that i need it to .
hmmmm

1
sony 's new t-series vaio ultraportable laptops replace the camera-included tr series , which has been discontinued .
there are currently four models in the t-series : t140 , t150 , t160 , and t170 .
all sport the same casing ( no surprise ) , same weight ( 3.1 lb .
incl .
piggy-back battery but excl .
ac adapter ) , same processor ( the new intel ultra-low-voltage pentium m 733 ( based on the centrino , not pentium iv , running at 1.1ghz but with an amazing 2mb level-2 cache ! )
, same screen , and same hard drive ( slow-ish 4800rpm 40gb shock resistant drive ) .the differences among the models are as follows : - the 140 and 160 come with a dvd-rom/cd-rw drive , so you ca n't burn dvds.- the 150 and 170 come with dual-format dvd burner/cd-rw drive , so you can burn both the plus and minus formats of dvds.- the 140 and 150 come with 512mb of ram.- the 160 and 170 come with 1gb of ram ( max the t-series can take ) .- if there 's a `` p '' after the model number ( e.g.
, vgn-t150p/l ) , it means the computer comes with winxp professional installed .
the absence of `` p '' means you get winxp home.- the `` l '' after the model number signifies the color scheme .
most of the t 's come in what sony calls `` midnight blue , '' a stylish color that gives an understated emphasis to the exterior .
on sony 's website ( sonystyle.com ) you can special-order a t150p/t that has a burgundy exterior , which looks really `` hot .
`` all the t-series vaios are designed with two primary goals in mind : ultra portability , reflected mainly in the travel weight ; and multimedia capabilities .
in fact , vaio buffs will recall that vaio stands for video audio integrated operation , which ( i presume ) in japanese means a multimedia-centric computer.all the t models are equipped with an optical drive .
only a year ago , the only ultraportable with a built-in optical drive was the 2.8lb .
panasonic toughbook w2 ( which , as you 'll see , is still my favorite ultraportable , for lighter weight and bigger screen ) .
i personally recommend a 150 or 170 with the dual-format ( not dual-layer ) dvd burner .
these days , whether you burn personal videos or backup files , a dvd burner really comes in handy .
of course , if you plan to use the vaio t as a secondary computer for starbucks or barnes & noble or flying , you can save yourself $ 150 by skipping the dvd burner .
( you still get a cd burner with the 140 and 160 . )
the vaio t 's are very stylish .
except for the protruding battery which seems like an afterthought , the notebook is well designed and well built .
you get both 802.11b+g wi-fi and bluetooth built-in , as well as an i.link port and a memorystick slot .
( too bad sony still refuses to support the much more popular secure digital format in their laptops . )
the t 's screen is amazing .
well , it 's both amazingly small ( only 10.6 '' vs. the panasonic w2 's 12.1 '' ) and amazingly bright , easily viewable outdoors .
the widescreen resolution is 1280x768 , great for watching dvds but a pain in the eye for doing your everyday work .
( you may want to turn on windows ' built-in font-magnification function , via the accessibility control panel .
also turn off font smoothing . )
i get eye strains from reading e-mails and surfing the internet .
panasonic w2 's 12.1 '' screen seems so much bigger .
like most ultraportables , the t uses shared memory for video , so do n't expect to play doom 3 on this.the keyboard on the t is shrunk to accommodate the small footprint of the ultraportable .
i had the 2.7lb .
vaio n505ve before so i got used to the small keyboard quickly .
if you are a touch typist who 's never used a 90 % -sized keyboard , you might be unhappy with the size , at least in the beginning.performance is snappy on this laptop despite the many plug-ins it comes with ; the new processor with its enormous l2 cache and the generous amount of ram surely help .
when you get the 1gb versions , the performance is simply great for a laptop this size.sony should be lauded for getting some amazing battery life on this machine , but spanked for making the battery stick out in the t 's rear .
i watched a 3-hour dvd movie ( with wi-fi intentionally left on ) as i sat in a b & n ; cafe .
after the boring movie ended , the t still had plenty of juice left .
just amazing.so , in short , for about two thousand big ones , you get a multimedia road warrior that will turn heads in cafes and on the amtrak ( and might even invite a mugging or two if you are in the wrong neighborhood ) .
the small screen is amazingly bright , and the stick of a battery powers this laptop for good hours .
if you want an ultraportable , i still recommend you look at the panasonic w-2 , which is even more stylish ( i just love its circular , under-the-keyboard dvd loading ) , has a bigger screen and weighs less .
but if you want an ultraportable with a built-in dvd burner , the t is probably the best you can get right now .
( i also like fujitsu laptops , so you might want to consider the fujitsu lifebook p7010 ultraportable as well : cheaper , 80gb hard drive , fingerprint sensor , sd/cf/memorystick slot , up to 10.5 hours of battery life ! )
i hope my quick review helps you .
feel free to e-mail me at hotmail with your questions .

1
this is really , really expensive ... and theres prolly other laptops that you could pick up..for far less cash ... but its tiny , light , and attractive..it runs somewhat quickly even with only 512mb of ram ... i picked mine up used and ive had it for some time now ... theres nothing terribly wrong with it , and im very satisfied..but i cant imagine shelling out that much cash for it.it just doesnt make much sense ... if youre going to invest that much money in a laptop , pick up a different model , with more harddrive space..and more bigger/better options.id give it a 7/10it looks great .
works great.but the pricing is soo step youll be eating ramen noodlesfor months trying to pay it off .

1
solid pc .
i love it execpt that the battery does n't last long .
i keep it plugged in which is fine , it does n't get too hot .
it has a great restore system and does n't need any disks .
all of the software is kept on a hard drive partition .
very handy .
it is very stable with no hardware issues .
it has a double layer dvd rw drive .
nice screen , easy to use keyboard .
i think sony did a great job .

1
sony has all the good features with this model with high processor speed in its class and the 1 gb ram with which you can do lot of high volume processing with applications .
the screen clarity is very good .
power backup is at the max 60 mins with the min resolution setting .
not recommended for the people on move , then you may need additional power backup and weight you need to carry back ( 8 lbs ) .the only disadvantage is it does not have infrared sensor and s-video pin and quite bulky for 8 lbs.the audio quality is improved in this model with good dolby sound though near the screen .
bit confusing for new users where to find the standby , hibernate , shutdown switches , its all to be configured inside control panel.enjoy sony ... ... ... ... ..

1
i have one of these and it works very well for me .
i use the tablet function in school constantly .
the battery life usually carries me through two classes ( 2-3 hrs ) .
i really ca n't think of any negative things about it .
it 's durable and i have mine in a leather portfolio that toshiba makes for it , so it looks good .

1
i bought this model from bb in mid dec & i would recommend it to anyone replacing their desktop .
i installed xp pro + sp2 full version and contrary to other reviews i have had no problem with hibernation .
it burns dvd 's & cd-r 's very fast & efficiently .
mine has not locked up in hibernation mode .
the software package is ok , but i use my own software to create & burn dvd 's .
it is fast , dependable ( so far ) great screen size & so far the best all around laptop i have purchased .
i did a lot of research on this one .
for the money , you get a lot .
big hd , dual dvd burner in dvd+r ( dvd-r dvd+r in single layer ) all i will do is upgrade the ram to 1 gig .
i am very happy with this laptop .
think of it this way , my old vaio i bought 4 years ago cost $ 2400.00 and could not do 1/2 the stuff this one can .
no burner , different screen , slower cpu , and top ram was 512 .
but it could play dvd 's .
it is still running , my son has it for his job- works great .
the only maint i did was about a year ago the hd went-not sony 's fault-this happens .
replaced it & no probs .
this pcg-k35 is a buy at $ 1399.00 with the $ 250.00 rebate .
i highly recommend it .

1
based on ignorant people stating the 797mhz processor speed as a fault there is proof that there are still a lot of people that have no business owning a computer .
the hp zv5320us is a decent computer .
it 's not a high end laptop , but it 's nice .
i did a benchmark test side by side against my dell inspiron 2650 .
the dell having a 1.8ghz p4 .
the hp out-performed the dell on every level .
one might ask..if you had a p4 dell why did you get a new laptop ?
easy dell sucks bad !
!
they are the bose of the computer world .
tons of marketing ( it 's a dell dude ) and very bad product .
anyhow back to hp .
i love the styling of the computer .
the screen is probably the best feature .
the worst feature is the video card is weak , and the mouse is sluggish every now and then .
this is my first amd machine , and i am sold .
no more intel for me .
over inflated prices for the performance .
i bought the computer for $ 850 from a retailer new , so shop around .
another thing is the amd runs way cooler than the p4m .

1
have owned this one for 2 years now .
it is my main computer.pros : -great display , but ( see cons ) -very good wireless antenna reception-reliablecons : -graphics not as strong as i had hoped .
i tried playing `` republic commandos '' and `` call of duty 2 '' .
both were very choppy and slow on this laptop , even with everything shut down .
i was n't expecting it to be a `` killer '' gaming rig , but i thought with a p4 ht , radeon 9000 , and 1+ghz ram - it would do a better job.-poor battery life , well under 2 hours .
have n't watched a movie totally on battery power yet , but will need an extra battery.-no bluetooth .
i would rather have it built-in than occupy the one pcmcia slot all the time .
i have a palm t/x and that 's how i sync.-only one pcmcia slot.-only allows 1 gig of ram.overall , i am happy with it .
but next laptop , i 'll look at the graphics a little harder ( i did n't have a lot of time to research before buying this one ) .

1
i have had several toshiba notebooks , and have never had a problem with one of them .
they all still work , but i retired and/or donated them due to technological improvements .
i am very pleased with this new model .
not only is it incredibly fast for day to day computer tasks , but the screen is awesome !
dvds look great , and unlike the prior reviewer , with the unit hooked up to my directv , the tv quality is also great .
even the sound is pretty good with just the computer 's speakers.main drawbacks : the manuals could be better , both in terms of explaining how to set and utilize the many features , but also in terms of interfacing the set up with the windows media center 2005 .
for example , the remote for the computer does n't sync up with what the windows guide assumes you have in terms of ability to plug in numbers on the remote key pad .
ditto for other types of accessories , like the d-link media player , rhapsody , aol radio , etc .
( although all of these company 's customer service , with the exception of aol , which saw a tad better , suck at this ) .
it took a couple of tech geeks to get it all set up and working ( kudos to the geek squad for getting the all the features set up on the notebook and getting the d-link up and running , but the notebook was really the least of the problems , it was really getting the router , d-link media player , rhapsody and aol to all work together ) .
it was worth it though , because the rhapsody running through my denon receiver on 5 channel stereo through my home stereo speakers rocks !
!
!
!
a sleep timer would be nice for dozing off to the tv , and more choices on the remote , since turning the unit on by the remote boots up the computer .
a separate button to turn on the tv , dvd only would be nice and make sense.bottom line , buy it and have a brave new world of multimedia possibilities open up to you at home and on the road !

1
i only paid 1000 bucks for my dv1010us .
i am a student , and it works great for all of my needs .
i 've taken it on trips its on all most constantly in my house .
if you 're looking for a powerful machine that will do everyday applications and has room to spare end your search here.i love my computer .

1
got this to because of the integrated wireless card to use all around the house .
connection is great , speed is awesome and display is good .
as said in other reviews , it is heavy , gets hot and the battery life is not for extreme mobile usage .
i have watched several movies and burned cd 's and i have yet to notice any significant lag time .
the speakers are better than most notebooks , but not as good as i expected from harman kardon .
one feature i would have liked was a second headphone jack , but i can live without it ... lol .
overall , i would recommend it as a good notebook if you are buying it for the size of the screen .
otherwise i would recommend looking at toshiba or sony .

1
you do not have to reformat your hard drive to get rid of annoying programs that automatically run at startup .
formating your hard drive for that reason makes as much sense as tearing down and rebuilding your house to fix a squeaky door.
( ... ) i own two media center notebooks and they emit a lot of heat .
i recommend running any notebook with a cooler .
i use bytecc .
it is metal and inexpensive .
do not buy a plastic cooler !
to run a notebook without a cooler - you might as well set fire to it and get it over with .
the new computer chips run so hot , you must add a cooling factor or you are burning up your investment .

1
do n't get an ultra light if you need more of a machine , ok ?
mine is over a year old now .
i paid $ 800 and i ca n't kill it .
i wish it would die so i could justify another ultralight but ... the dvd/cd drive still runs great , compare that to my $ 2500 17 '' 2.8ht toshiba luggable 's drive that died in a few months and is too expensive to replace , averatec 's just keeps on spinning.the battery only lasts a little over 2 hours , but i 've treated it badly and only a few times have done the `` recommended '' full purge - which they nicely have as an option in the power-up menu , so it 's just my laziness ... yet still over two hours down from the original `` up to 3 '' after all this time is pretty amazing .
again to compare to the toshiba , that machine 's battery was routinely purged yet is now long dead and will never again recharge.the screen came with no bad pixels and there are none now .
if it had had even one i was going to ship it right back .
you have to buy from sites/stores that let you do this no matter what kind of laptop you 're buying .
read the fine print , pixle problem returns have to be supported or no price is good enough .
duh ; - ) i was sure i 'd have killed the screen with all of my tossing it around and smashing it into my backpacks and messenger bags but nooooooo : ) ( years ago i had a compaq that became an instant brick when the screen cracked by a 3 foot fall in a padded case .
that taught me to always buy screen replacement warranties ) seems to me after all of my machines that the more you baby a laptop the more fragile it becomes .
i treat this one like a second class citizen and it acts like the little engine that could.it does n't have a great viewing angle , you have to be nearly straight on for the colors to be the same across the screen ... but it 's a 12 '' screen so how far away and off-center are you expecting to sit ?
the keys are tiny .
i originally tested it in a store and said `` i think i can get used to that '' but for a long time used a wireless full size keyboard instead .
lately i 've started using it to do coding while sitting on the bed and guess what , the more i use it , the better my fingers have found the right keys after all.it is not a gaming machine .
it plays dvds and streaming video media very well but has no 3d rendering abilities to speak of.that said , i 've been using it for development of web sites and `` real win32 projects '' using visual studio 2005 with debugging on in xppro 's iis5 and sqlserver2005-express and that hog of a combination runs about as fast on little `` avery '' as on my 2.8ht .
got ta say , that 's impressive .
( i did up the ram to 1gb with a $ 50 pc2700 chip ) it does get hot , hot enough to actually cause my pinky knuckle to turn red and hurt a little near the end of a battery-limited session .
you know what ?
live with it , this is how many notebooks are ... i had an expensive company dell that literally smoked its motherboard while i was working with it .
the averatec gets hot but keeps on turning on .
maybe the battery life is a good thing , if it lived to 5 hours maybe the mb would have melted long ago.it 's very light , it 's very small and it 's inexpensive for its class.if you get it and after a week of banging on it hard you hate it , get your money back but if you open it and see no dead pixels and you find it does what you need an ultralight to be then what 's the fuss at the price ?
and if you , like me , get over a year out of it then you 're ahead of the game for a notebook purchase from any vendor .

1
great notebook for the money , but the hard drive failed shortly after receiving it .
speed was fine , booted pretty quick , when the hard drive went amazon 's online return was hassel free and money was refunded promptly ( before next billing cycle on cc anyway ) but they didnt have any more to ship so i ordered the .048 model elsewhere with the 60 gig drive , and couldnt be happier , easily enough power to do what i typically do , web/email picture editing etc .
if you need a notebook on a tight budget its definately worth a look .

1
i had never heard of averatec , and had originally decided to go with a 12.1 '' apple ibook for build quality and portability ( and feeling hesitant about learning a new os ) , but after stopping at circuit city on the way i saw the averatec 3250 .
it sat side-by-side with a gateway that had all of the same features except for a 15.4 '' sxga screen and 4+lbs of weight .
it also had a $ 350 higher price sticker.after comparing the averatec with the stats for the apple and the gateway i was sold on the 3250 .
dvd burner , cd-rw ; built in 802.11 'g ' and only 4.5lbs .
most features you will find in the sub- $ 1000 category.despite some reviews the keyboard is tactile and solid .
the battery performance was n't quite up to spec , but with the wireless feature turned on and the screen at a nominal brightness level the battery lasted for approx 1 hour 55 min .
before placing the computer in stand-by mode .
without the wireless turned on i 'm sure this would be signifigantly increased .
the included software is minimal , but it does have cyberlink dvd/cd burning software and itunes .
it comes with a 3 mo .
subscription to norton anti-virus 2004 and sp2 pre-installed.the only problem i experienced was with the touchpad freezing sometimes .
the vertical scroll area on the right side would stop functioning .
i downloaded a driver update and it fixed the problem .
also , the 3 usb ports on the side are close together , so either get a hub or get a skinny usb jump drive like the cruzer mini .
most others will take up 2 ports worth of space.overall i am very pleased with this product and would upgrade to an averatec laptop again in the future .

1
i was really skeptical ordering a computer over the internet , but this was a great buy .
my daugter needed a computer for school and it works great for all of her needs .

1
my experience : - noisy fan & lt ; -- - true , but it is not too bad.- laptop runs hot hot hot !
& lt ; -- - not too hot- periodically shuts down without warning due to overheating & lt ; -- - never happened to me- the batter life is abysmal & lt ; -- - not in my case- very weighty & big & lt ; -- - true- poor placement of cooling fan ; if you try to use the laptop on your lap , you often block the cooling fan causing a crash due to heat & lt ; -- - not true , the colling fan is on the left side.- screen : if you have something really bright or really dark on the screen , you can sometimes see dark lines running up the screen from the light/dark area .
& lt ; -- - never happened to me- awful power managment ; 90 % of the time the battery dies w/out any warning to plug in & lt ; -- - not true- worst tech support ever !
!
!
we bought the 36 hour guaranteed turn around support .
first time we sent it in for support , they `` lost '' the computer for a week .
when they finally found it , but returned it untouched saying there were n't any problems ( even though it regularly dies ) .
& lt ; -- - not true at alloverall is a great computer for $ 1300.dedicated video memory 128mbgreat screennice stylevideo in/outdvd recorder/ cdrup to 2mb ramwindows media centerremote controlcard readervery good speed , my recomendation is 9 out of 10 .

1
i have owned this laptop for two months now , and i am exceptionally pleased with it so far .
it packs a surprising amount of power into an astonishingly small and light package .
it is really best used as a versatile companion to a primary desktop computer and is not a good choice as a standalone productivity machine .
however , if a balance of features favoring endurance and mobility is what you are after , this is a nearly ideal machine.the machine looks good and feels solid .
it starts up fairly quickly and performs most basic computing tasks briskly .
it has an onboard cd-rw/dvd and good connectivity including usb 2.0 and firewire ( ilink ) .
ports are distributed on both sides except for the power port on the back corner .
the battery quite obviously sticks out from its bay on the back.pros : all-around good performance , even on a battery .
the large cache is a definite plus here .
the hard drive is fairly spacious too , given the notebook 's size , especially if you nix the recovery partition .
the t140p will serve for many different tasks , with the caveat that the screen size makes document-related work a bit of a chore.- monster battery life .
i have used this machine for an entire day of work with intermittent use of the wireless networking and optical drive without losing power .
this machine has incredible longevity even if you do not pay attention to power management , and if you do ... this is a huge upside.- serious mobility .
i am one of those people who hates to lug large laptops around ; this machine actually replaced a vaio z505 .
it 's even lighter , and i hardly notice it on the road even in comparison with its very light predecessor .
particularly because i rarely have to bring the ac adapter along.- keyboard .
it has a great feel for a machine this size .
the layout is good and most people should have no trouble adjusting from a full size.- screen quality .
the xbrite screen really looks superb .
dvd playback is awesome .
i did n't think it could be that great until i checked it out in a retail store before buying.- aesthetics .
it not only travels well , it also looks sharp .
people will marvel at its size and appearance.plus/minus : documentation and software cds .
some people loathe the recovery partition and the absence of software cds and printed documentation .
i 'm one of those who does n't mind .
i figure , unless i realy need the space , save the paper , the media , and a few bucks .
i 'm perfectly happy having those things in electronic form .
if you disagree , you probably wo n't buy a sony anyway.- service .
i have had consistently positive encounters with sony customer support , but i also have heard credible , howling complaints about their quality and responsiveness .
no company can guarantee a good service interaction , but there are others who traditionally do much better than sony .
something to think about.- the battery sticking out of the back thing .
does n't bother me , certainly does n't detract from the machine 's looks in my mind , and i 'll take that long battery life any day .
others will disagree .
look at the notebook in person if you can before you buy it if you 're concernced.cons : screen .
it 's small for office work .
it 's a tradeoff for size and lightness , but if you need to spend hours every day reading or writing documents , the screen is not ideal .
i have taken to displaying pdfs and office documents at 125-150 % to compensate .
it 's also a dust magnet , and be careful cleaning it ; although mine remains undamaged , popular wisdom has it that these screens are easy to mar.- no dedicated video card .
perhaps a wise choice given considerations of battery life , but the lack of a separate video adapter means you wo n't be doing ( or playing ) anything requiring 3d rendering .
it was a downside for me and will be for others.- lots of useless proprietary sony software .
you will spend some time cleaning up the hard drive to get rid of it .
god forbid the system ever crashes , because if you have to use the recovery software , you get all those worthless programs back and have to spend the time removing them once again .
sony needs to include separate provision for os recovery without automatically including their worthless multimedia software .
this is a flaw common to all sony computers , though.in summary , the vgn-t140p has a lot of power and versatility for such a small notebook .
its mobility , endurance , and aesthetics far outweigh its drawbacks .
if your requirements for a notebook emphasize these features , this one deserves serious consideration .

1
first the good things.the thing is small and light and fits in almost any carry-on bigger than a purse.battery lasts forever 6 hours playing dvd or games is routine.no port-replicator is needed.wireless works well.now , the less good things ... the keyboard is a bit cramped for big typing jobs.the dvd is n't the smoothest player of movies etc , but it is n't bad.would i buy another ?
absolutely .

1
i have had my little vaio for over a year and i love it .
it is light , small and super portable .
the built in router works great .
the screen is very bright .
and , the battery life , wow !
i have used many other laptops that i rarely even unplugged because the battery never lasted to do anything .
but , sony seems to know that and these lovely vaio 's can roam free without there cords for longer than you will probably need .
the dvd buttons above the keyboard turn it from a great laptop to an easy very portable dvd player.comes with plenty of ports ( usb , ethernet , etc . )
some people may not like the fact that sony is partial to their own stuff and only has their memory stick drive and does n't include the standard one .
i have n't found it a problem cause i have other sony products with their sticks .
but , i am sure some may only have the standard ones and prefer that option.overall i think it is a great laptop and i highly recommend it !
it was just what i was looking for .
i hope anyone who decides to get one loves it as much as i love mine !

1
i previously had the lifebook 2110 so i know and trusted the transmeta .
when i looked into ultralights while the new centrio based looked good .
few would have a built in dvd/cd drive .
the sharp mp30 is an ultralight that weighs so little i can work evey day on the commute to work and never felt burdened.pros : light , small , full featured , expandable ( cheaply $ 120 ) to 1 gig ram .
the 802.11 ( super ) g has excelent reception .
battery life is as reported .
vidio play is flawless.cons : transmeta is not a `` gaming '' cpu , while i have not tested my favorite game on this system , games tend to fail or be jumpy on tranmeta .
keyboard is a tad smaller than the lifebook i had , not an issue for me , just noting.for me this system spell freedom , i just wish there were more transmeta 8800 choices out there .
i gave it 4 stars because it does not have a extended life battery option , the standard battery is 2400ma .

1
i bought this laptop for my girlfriend so she can do her home work , but i was expecting to play some games with it too , but i could't.the video adapter does n't have a 3d accelerator , it only supports direct x , son you can play some really lame games.i like the thin desing , it 's light , and it looks very good , it runs very nice , there is no heating problem , like other laptops out there.if you want a entry label laptop , this is a good choice .

1
since there is $ 150 rebate on this model which brings the pric down to $ 680 , it is a reasonable price to pay to entry level laptop so i just bought one .
this is the review after i have used this laptop for several hours .
the reason i rate this one as 4 star will be explained shortly .
i have previously used ibm t40 so many comparisons will be made against this model ( yeah , ibm t40 is far more expensive and supposedly better , but ... ) .i will start with the good aspects.1 .
15 inch bright lcd screen .
the screen 's quality can rival many entry level standalone lcd monitors .
the viewing angle is sufficient , although not great ( certainly not 170 degree as many lcd monitors exhibit ) , but better than t40 's , which gets a very narrow viewing angel .
narrow angel means that when you look at the screen at certain direction ( not straight front ) , screen exhibits color/brightness distortion.2 .
silver metallic look .
look more cool than a pure black one.3 .
3 usb sockets at parallel placement .
t40 has 2 and they are placed one on another ( plugging two at the same time will be a minor hassle ) .4 .
builtin 1396 firewire.5 .
very quiet hard disk operation .
i can hardly notice any noise from it - on the down side , i do n't know how much disk activity is going on .
t40 and many desktops have very noticeable noise.now comes the short sides.1 .
very mediocre sound performance especially from the headphone output .
there is even noise coming out of that which indicates poor shielding of electronic components and wirings .
t40 's audio performance is so-so but it does not have noise at least .
so do n't expect to listen to mp3/cd at high quality from the builtin audio output.2 .
the default cpu speed is at around 800mhz , roughly half of what the cpu can deliver .
i have to change power management option to let it run at full speed after i notice it is not that fast.3 .
the default memory is only 256mb .
it is not really a thing to blame since at this cost , it is unlikely it gets more .
expect to spend another $ 80- $ 100 to buy 512mb memory to get a reasonable performance ( i noticed the hard disk spins all the time if multiple apps run at the same time ) .4 .
the keyboard does not feel as good as t40 's , but not too far away and too bad .
just acceptable .
location of pgup/pgdn/home/end is very different from others , so it takes sometime to get use to.5 .
the default action for the laptop to enter into hibernate mode when you close lid is very inconvient .
it should just turn off lcd monitor and do nothing else ( that 's t40 's behavior ) .
so i have to change that through control panel.6 .
it does not have similar thing as tracking button like ibm t40 does .
it is a small button you can massage to get very quick mouse movement - an extremely useful feature if you do n't want to use an external mouse.7 .
the mouse tracking area 's default behavior is very counter-intuitive .
when you tap on the tracking area , it takes that as a click on the mouse button .
i got this wrong almost everytime and had to redo many stuff .
it is difficult to use and easy to get wrong .
this is a feature that should not be turned on by default .
fortunately i can turn this off.8 .
the leds for disk/battery/wireless/etc .
information is locatedd at left bottom side ( if you face the screen ) .
this is an area usaually covered by your left hand and you can not see them if you are typing .
why ca n't they be put on a forward location ?
that would be much easier to see.9 .
again on the same area - like most other people , i wear a watch on my left wrist .
and the metal band just wears down that area quickly - only after a couple hours ' use , i can see scratches .
either averatec should use a stronger paint on this or they should just put a plain stronger plastic without paint.so given the money i paid , i will keep this laptop since none of them are critical , and i will get use to them eventually .
i have not used the service so can not comment on it .
a 4 star rating should be what this laptop deserves .
if you are just looking for an entry level laptop , and do n't care about these shortcomings , then this model is just right for you .

1
this computer is great !
!
upgraded to 512 , for 40 bucks !
this does everything i need it to do in a laptop .
only negative is that the keyboard spacings is n't comfortable , but i use a mouse anyway so it is great !
!

1
after many weeks with my 5500 i agree with existing reviews - the averatec 5500 is a good laptop for the money ( after rebates ) .
i 've used a few laptops over the years , and this one appears quite nice .
just three additions for anyone wanting a critical review:1 .
although the screen is quite nice on the whole , the screen on my 5500 has slight vignetting ( darker shading ) at the lower corners .
it 's not significant , but it is noticeable.2 .
the built-in wireless sensitivity does not match that of my motorola , at & t ; or smc pcmcia cards .
this is disappointing when trying to catch an 802.11b/g signal across the house.3 .
the touch pad is not as easy to use as others ( e.g.
, dell , hp ) .
i 've spent a couple hours trying all kinds of touchpad settings , but ca n't get it to perform as well as i would expect.to all three points i say : `` what do you expect from something designed/built to be inexpensive . ''
four stars for good value .

1
bought this for christmas for my wife.first turned it on and got low cmos battery warning .
thought it was because it was first time turning on .
not so , cmos battery is out.no support on christmas.otherwise unit seems to work fine .
i was concerned about 256k memory , which it shares with the video ( 32/64/128 ) but at 32 setting seems to be fine for surfing the web , plaing text twist and solitare , listening to mp3's.6.8 pounds feels like a feather compared to my desktop replacement unit ( compaq r3030us ) , and the battery life seems to be in the 3 plus hour range so far , which also exceeds my desktop replacement unit easily.
[ ... ] ... got screewed on the [ ... ] , i bought it with the $ 50 one , and then the next there was an additional $ 100 one that i did not qualify for , and did not want to play around with since it was so close to christmas.ca n't wait to see how good support is for the cmos battery .
hopefully something i can fix myself with out voiding the warranty.well they wanted me to return it to amazon for the cmos battery .
when i opened the case , it had come loose during the shipment .
not that easy to put back in place and almost had to void my warranty by removing a sticker to get it back in place.then 3 months later the thing dies .
got stuck paying for shipping to them , to find out it takes them 4 - 5 days just to check the unit out before the list anything on the rma status .
i thought i was onto something with this unit , but with prices dropping everywhere i would go somewhere ( anywhere ) else for a cheapo laptop .
this company is not the way to go .

1
this is one of the best notebook pc 's on the market .
this has a 1.67ghz powerpc g4 processor which is n't too fast but it 's pretty fast for the apple computers .
512 mb ram is just perfect but i would recommend 1gb or 2gb .
80 gigabyte hard drive is really nice and it 's almost the largest hard drive ( 100gb is the largest ) .
it has a superdrive which can do whatever you want it to do .
the styling on this notebook is no wonderful and comes with all the ports and features .
15.2 '' is pure beauty and the graphics on this thing are great .
here are the specifications of this laptop.processor | powerpc g4screen size ( inches/diagonal ) | 15optical disc drive | dvd+-rw / cdrw combohard drive ( gb ) | 80memory - processing ram included | 512mbmemory - processing ram maximum | 2gbmemory - video ram | 64mb dedicatedscreen resolution - maximum | 1280x854wireless capability | built-inconnection - wireless network 802.11 | 802.11b / 802.11gconnection - wireless bluetooth | yesconnection - sound | in/outconnection - rj11 | yesconnection - rj45 | yesconnection - video | outoperating system | apple macintosh os xsoftware | pre-installed by manufacturerunit dimensions - high | 1unit dimensions - long / wide | 14unit dimensions - deep | 10unit weight - approximate with battery | 6.0manufacturer 's warranty - hardware | 1 yearmanufacturer 's warranty - software | 1 yearsource : [ ... ]

1
apple needs to improve quality control and product support .
the superdrive stopped working when laptop was 6 weeks old .
sent to apple repair on april 4 and was informed 5 days later after i called that replacement would n't be available until end of april .
new superdrive could be quality control problem like permanent white spots on screens and batteries that catch fire of earlier models .
pity , because everything else about the machine is simply superb .

1
i have been using the powerbook for a little over 4 months now .
my previous computer was an ibm thinkpad.17 '' screen : clear and beautiful .
some reviewers have complained about the maximum resolution .
i have to say that the current maximum resolution is almost too much .
the tiny print can be very diffiicult to read and i end up blowing up many documents to 150 % size anyway .
why would you want even more resolution than that ?
keyboard : the weak link in all macs .
no `` insert '' key .
attaching a numeric keypad is no fun ; the software asks you to hit the key next to the shift key so that it can identify what type of keyboard you have attached , but of course numeric keypads have no shift key .
fortunately , you can just tell the computer you have attached a microsoft type keyboard .
also , the huge expanse of metal between the front of the computer and the keypad is a whole lot of no fun .
it encourages my wrists to sweat and causes rashes in the hot , humid climate of the philippines , or even in the vicinity of puget sound .
why not move the keyboard closer to the front of the computer , where your hands do n't obscure part of the screen ?
touchpad : one button mice are passe .
and do we really need that huge touchpad ?
i miss the little button on my thinkpad .
it is time for the hippies at apple to realize that the 80s are over.wireless : wow !
the bluetooth and wireless actually work !
the bluetooth even talks to my windows mobile cell phone and my wireless mouse , something windows has problems with.lan and other connections : these work as expected .
it took some getting used to appletalk , but setting up a network was not all that difficult .
the real hangup is getting it to talk to windows computers , but it can be done .
a little more documentation would have been nice .
the usb ports work well , although some supposedly usb 2.0 compatible devices seem to think the ports are only usb 1.1 .
also , if a port reports an error then it will not work again until the device is unplugged and the entire computer shut down and restarted.os x : i wish i had not upgraded to tiger , as there have been nothing but problems with this os .
all i can say is , windows users switching to mac hoping for more stability and fewer compatibility problems will be gravely disappointed .
any of the numerous mac forums are filled with discussions of software incompatibility and kernel panics ( the mac equivalent of the blue screen of death ) .software availability : some publishers were willing to exchange my windows applications for their mac equivalents for free or for a small fee .
microsoft and symantec want you to buy whole new packages .
i still have to run windows xp in order to produce corporate tax returns and to play the latest games .
while publishers sometimes release a mac version of their games , they are usually late and lack features found in the latest pc versions .
i use the mac primarily for presentations and photo editing , however , and it performs these tasks very well.portability : the thin form factor and light weight make this laptop very portable .
i found it easy to use just sitting on my lap taking notes in meetings .
it is not , however , going to fit on an airline seat-back table .
do n't even think about it .
it is a good choice for doing presentations in small groups in areas where you do n't want to take a projector and screen .
mine has withstood some small drops and rough handling with only a small dent on the case to show for it .
working as i do in sometimes primitive conditions with uncertain power supplies the mac has come through without a glitch .
it is a fine traveller that is unlikely to give up the ghost at an inopportune moment .

1
first off , i ca n't tell you all the technical specs that someone with a wider knowledge base can .
so i 'll just give you the basic nuts and bolts after having used this computer for about six months.sure , this unit is pricey - but to me it 's worth it .
i do freelance writing and design and enjoy the flexibility i get with a laptop .
i can run in design creative suite with no problems and never crash .
the luxury of having a built-in cd/dvd burner is beyond compare and is very easy to use .
although i have n't used the dvd burner yet the cd burner is relatively easy to navigate and makes burning virtually effortless.the 17 '' screen is marvelous and the whole computer seems very `` intuitive '' - if it looks like this particular button over here should perform function x , then chances are it probably does .
no need to pour over an owner 's manual.one con i can think of is the fragility of the machine - my husband has a smaller dell that can seemingly be chucked around and beaten to death .
to do the same to the mac would be sheer suicide , unless you like the look of scraped up titanium .
( this is the only reason i did n't give it five stars ) dirt , finger prints and marks show up easily when arms/hands are rested on the unit but a gentle cleaning will take care of that .
so basically you have to be very careful and treat this very expensive , beautiful and sleek machine with the respect it deserves .

1
i have been the informal tech guy for two airs .
one for 8 months , one for 6 months .
i have also traveled with them .
they are generally wonderful , especially if the weight is a big factor .
all other laptops seem heavy and inelegant .
but ... ( 1 ) if you ever want to use an ethernet connection to the internet ( as opposed to wireless ) , then you have to bring the dongle that converts the one usb port to ethernet .
for example , to check your office email at a kinko 's .
definitely buy it .
you will want to travel with this and an ethernet cable , in case your hotel room has an ethernet connection and no ( or poor ) wireless reception .
( 2 ) to do a quick full restore from time machine , you need both an osx disc ( either disc 1 that comes with the air or an off-the-shelf osx disc ) and the back-up hard drive .
but you only have one usb port and no firewire ports .
the superdrive will not share that port on a usb hub ( nor will it work on any computer but an air ) .
it is easy to back up with time machine to a small external drive .
( we used a western digital passport . )
but consider using a time capsule or an external hard drive that has its own power supply .
the powered external drive is not elegant , but if you ever need to do a full restore ( and you might because your air will lead a hard life , especially if it is a student 's life ) , it will save you a couple of hours if you use a powered external hard drive .
the superdrive that you can buy for the air ( and you should buy it , it is small and light ) does not work from a usb hub .
a powered dvd drive from another manufacturer ( ours is from toshiba ) works on a powered usb hub .
the wd passport would not connect to the air via a powered usb hub ( at least through the hub i used , and that hub has had problems ) .
but a powered wd mybook external hard drive did connect to the air via the powered hub .
so use a powered external hard drive for your time machine backups , and if you need to do a full restore , get a powered usb hub and a powered external dvd drive with a usb output .
the apple genius bar might not have these .
note : see ( 11 ) and ( 12 ) below for alternate methods for a full restore , in one of which the wd passport worked fine .
( 3 ) the genius bar geniuses know a lot more about the macbook than the air because the air is still relatively new .
( 4 ) if you ever do a full `` restore and erase '' from the two discs that come with the air , you need to know this : at the end of first disc , about 1.5 hours into the process , it flashes `` get ready to insert disc 2 . ''
then it reboots and eventually says `` installing .
calculating time remaining '' and ejects the disc .
it does not say `` insert disc 2 '' .
if maybe you were not watching it for the entire first 1.5 hours , you would not have seen the message at the end of disc 1 before the reboot .
what it wants when it ejects disc 1 is for you to insert disc 2 .
not very brilliant programming .
every two-disc windows program and game says `` insert disc 2 and press enter . ''
not these install discs .
i found out when i went to the genius bar and the genius restarted the install process .
he went to lunch and i watched the computer for two hours ( this is what i want you to avoid ) , so i happened to see the message at the end of disc one .
it was a special moment in my life .
( 5 ) be careful where you put the air and the superdrive .
i heard of someone throwing out their air with the sunday paper .
might be an urban legend , but we lost a superdrive , possibly the same way .
( 6 ) backups to time machine are more likely to happen if you use a time capsule as a wireless router + external hard drive .
you can also print through time capsule , instead of plugging the printer into the air when you need to print .
be sure to have the printer plugged into the time capsule and turned on before you install the time capsule .
otherwise , you will probably need to call apple care to walk you through the re-install with the printer .
do n't get off the phone until the printer works and time machine works , not just the wireless internet .
for a student whose life is on the air , i would definitely consider the time capsule an essential accessory to the air .
for someone who uses the air as an occasional computer for travel and has her life on an imac with an ethernet connection to the internet , the time capsule is nice but not necessary .
( 7 ) get a neoprene sleeve for the air .
then when it is thrown into a backpack or briefcase , it will be safer .
also , in its sleeve on a desk it is less of an object of desire for thieves ( in my humble opinion ) .
after all these months , the air is still eye candy ( as you well know if you got this far in this review ) .
consider a color other than black , which is harder to see and find .
( 8 ) i understand that the wireless antenna is in the hinge that attaches the screen to the body of the air .
so it is somewhat directional .
try sliding it around to get better reception .
you can check the packet flow in the activity monitor in utilities to see what works best .
( 9 ) wireless reception does not seem to be a strength of the two airs that i use .
the 4 macbooks that preceded the two airs in our lives seemed to get more consistently good wireless reception .
this is a shame , because the air depends more on its wireless than the macbooks , which have real ports .
in future generations of the air i hope that apple finds a way to get the best possible wireless reception for the air .
( 10 ) the 80 gb hard drive in the air is not big enough for a student 's life if the student likes to store music and videos on it .
an outboard hard drive is a distant second-best solution .
( i liked the wd passport for this , since it does not need external power and it is small , reliable and travels well .
consider wrapping it in bubble wrap in your backpack or briefcase .
usb power is enough for this drive since you will not be doing a full time machine restore from this drive .
to backup the stuff on this drive , you will need another solution , which might be time machine on the time capsule .
update : i attach the wd passport and the printer to the usb port on the time capsule with a usb mini hub ( not a powered hub ) , store videos on the passport and back up the air and passport with time machine to the time capsule 's hard drive .
i wish the backup was not in the same room as the backed-up drives , but it is a lot better than no backup . )
( 11 ) it is easy to connect the air to another computer to use the other computer 's cd or dvd drive .
you need a good wireless connection for both computers .
the air asks the other computer for permission each time , and the other computer has to give permission each time .
i connected to another air and could use the superdrive on the second air .
i have heard of people using this as a way to access the osx dvd when they do a quick full restore from time machine to the air .
i tried , could connect , but could not do a quick restore this way .
the problem was that the both the osx disc and the original disc 1 that comes with the air cause a reboot .
after the reboot , the air could not see the dvd drive in the other computer .
end of quick restore process .
( 12 ) update : to do a full restore from time machine to the air : do an erase and restore with the start up disc or an osx disc .
two hours later , when this is done and you have a fresh computer , it asks if you want to restore from a hard drive using time machine .
then you start the restore .
( at that point the restore process is finished with the dvd and you can unplug the superdrive and plug in your external hard drive , whether powered or not .
the wd passport worked fine to restore at this point in the process . )
the whole process ( including the restore from time machine ) takes many hours , but it works great and you do not need a powered external dvd drive ; the superdrive works fine for this .
this waste of two hours ( for the erase and restore ) is the cost of a small , light computer , i guess .
now you know , too .
i hope this saves you from the frustration thati experienced.given all that , every air owner i know would buy another one if they lost theirs .
none would go back to a macbook .
( i do know people for whom the weight is not a big issue and who want more horsepower and ports and sometimes screen size , especially for games .
they are happy with their macbooks as their main computers . )
except for the wireless reception , the problems of the air are problems for the tech person , not so much for the day-to-day user .
which is a good design choice .
( note : four months later : we now have two students using 80gb airs and they both love them .
both use external drives , too .
( wd passports . )
my wife had her air stolen out of an unlocked car .
do n't ask why it was unlocked .
it was in a backpack with the superdrive , ethernet dongle , external hard drive , wireless mouse , etc .
and they took the backpack .
we had lojack for laptops on it and the lapd got it back for us .
just the computer , but we did not complain .
it took four weeks .
i recommend lojack for laptops .
the only hard part is remembering that you have lojack on there .
the sooner you remember and file a police report , the sooner you will get your laptop back . )

1
this laptop is a bit pricey , compared to laptop pcs , but it is comparably priced to the mac book pro .
the issue with this laptop is that it does n't have a dvd drive , which questions its claim of being `` portable . ''
the laptop itself is about 0.76 inches thick , but if it included a dvd drive , it probably would have been 2-3 inches , which is about the same thickness as any other laptop !
so , really , the only accomplishment in my opinion is removing the dvd drive !
i guess i do n't see what makes the air so much better than the mac book pro , but i guess it 's just a matter of perspective .
i suppose some people `` only '' use the dvd drive to install programs and watch dvd movies , in which case portability might be more of an issue.i did n't buy a mac air ; i went with the pro .
like i said , though , it 's just a matter of perspective .

1
after being used to traveling with a macbook pro i wondered if the macbook air would have enough performance and capacity to satisfy my needs.this is a beautiful machine .
extremely thin but very sturdy feeling .
wonderfully light even with required accessories .
a terrific screen and keyboard that are a pleasure during all day use .
good battery life ( about 4 hours in my case ) .
good processor and graphics power for mainstream business applications .
adequate disk space but limited disk performance .
barest minumum of ports requires dongles and a usb hub.while its slower than my macbook pro , the only times i really notice a difference are : - booting the machine takes longer ( but i usually only do that a couple times a week ) - starting some applications takes longer ( but once started i can still run a lot of apps in 2gb even including parallels ) - true multitasking is limited to one intensive disk or cpu operation at a time ( do n't try and use the machine for anything significant while doing a backup , or while ripping a dvd ) .so under normal use i was very pleasantly surprised how useable the air felt after being used to a pro .
for me the size and weight reduction is definitely worth the performance reduction.yes i would like a bigger , faster hard drive , but next year 120gb 5400rpm single platter units should be available .
yes i would like a built in ethernet port , but i 'm not willing to pay a big form factor price to avoid the $ 29 dongle .
yes i would like 2-3 usb ports , but targus makes some really tiny 4 port hubs for now.i 'm honestly not sure i would make any different design choices , and technology progress will take care of the only thing i 've found to be occasionally very limiting ( disk size and performance ) .

1
bought 3 of these laptops .
this review is for all 3 .
very good laptop .
but you would not expect less from apple .
packaged in a very nice black box .
very small and light .
although very thin its keys are made from solid material and one will enjoy using them .
many people maybe not accustomed to apple 's operating system but its more reliable than microsoft 's .
also fancy gui .
when you switch it on for the first time you have to complete a series of forms and settings so that it can adjust everything automatically .
it found my wireless network without trouble and logged into the internet.it only has one usb .
2 would have been nice .
but the real disapointment is that does not have an optical drive .
one has to get an external one.except only 1 usb and no dvd writer i do not think that there are bad things about this laptop .
it is very recommended for those that travel a lot and do not want too much power out of the laptop .

1
the macbook air is an amazing piece of technology to be sure .
it can do most everything that it 's big brothers , macbook and macbook pro , can do .
all in a thin , three pound package.but this machine is not for everybody .
it 's for someone who already has mac tech somewhere else in their life and want a pricey , portable addition to that tech.if you 're using this at home and the office , you 'll need at least one airport extreme to get your wifi going .
you 'll also need to have a sharable mac , or an external hard drive or external superdrive .
one of your wifi devices should probably be the new time capsule so you can quickly back-up the system since 80gb probably wo n't last long these days.apple usually stays a step or two ahead of the industry .
this time , they may have taken a giant step too far .

1
i 've had my mbpc2d for a little more than a week now and i 'm really loving it .
home computer is a flat screen imac 733 mhz/os10.4.8 which has run great for almost 5 years , so it really was a no brainer to buy another mac ( mb or mbp ... .i think the choice is clear ) .
and after i used a dell pentium 4 laptop for a few weeks i definitely wasnt going to buy a pc.came loaded with the same os as my home computer , so not too mant differences in that regards , though photo booth is fun .
other than safari unexpectedly crashing a few times ( ? )
, i really like the operating system and it handles the thousands of photos i already have in iphoto so much faster than my desktop .
speed wise it blows my old computer away , especially at start up , starting programs , etc .
not sure how it compares to any comparably priced pcs ( i guess that 'd kinda be a high end model ) , but i feel like the ease of interface and keyboard shortcuts lessen operator time , regardless of processor speed .
i couldnt believe how fast i transferred multiple gigs from an external hard drive via the firewire 400 port.this is my first laptop , and it is taking me a little while to adjust to the keyboard and mouse , but they feel solid ( as does the computer in general ) .
i 'll probably get the wireless micromouse , but i 'm going to give it a few weeks first.biggest complaints are the fact that the screen doesnt open 180 degrees so that it lies flat ( in fact i feel like it barely opens far enough when the computer is setting lower than ideal ; also the speakers are not very impressive ; and why does apple seem to gloat over not providing a decent manual ?
occassionally seems like the trackpad isnt responding or i jump somewhere unexpectedly , but i really think that is mostly me adjusting to a laptop.i got the matte screen ( no choice offered in amazon ) and i have no complaints about its appearance .
i really was unsure after reading various reviews online .
it did take a while to get the screen brightness/energy saver/backlighting all synced , but since the i have used the computer in a variety of lighting conditions both inside and out with no problems with visibility or glare.it was really ease to set up my home network , utilizing a motorola wireless cable modem and tieing together my imac , printer , owc hard drive and the new laptop .
i really had no idea what i was doing going into it , but it only took a few hours to get an encrypted network up and running .
at work the computers are all pcs , mostly using ms office , and i was able to immediately connect .
it was hot .
i 'm using the computer for both home and work , so it 's going to get a real workout , physically if not processorwize.final word is i really dig my mbp , i really dread someone snagging it , and i dont understand why people continue to buy so many pcs .
this was the most computer i could afford and i 'm pretty sure it will still be a good computer 5 years from now .
i 'll probably skip 10.5 , upgrade when 10.6 comes out .
unfortunately i wont need a new mac till 2012 ... .

1
i have had my 17 '' macbook pro for a while now and have had time to get to know it .
i have kept track of all the things i like and dislike about it.i like that it : runs quietly , has a back lit keyboard that is smooth and easy to use , has good battery life , solid construction , has excellent screen resolution , plus many little things that make it nice to use.now , for what i do n't like .
i have made a list .
i hope apple reads it and does something about the problems .
here we go ... hardware-the button to open the lid is hard to push if you have big thumbs.-there is not enough friction in the screen hinges to prevent it from flopping forward when you tilt the computer.-you get thumb prints on the camera every time you open the lid.-sometimes it will only eject a cd/dvd an inch making it hard to get out.-the screen has noticeable bright spots when viewing solid colors.-the power cord comes out too easily.-the screen flickers on its brightest setting.-the screen does n't go back far enough to get a good viewing angle when sitting on the floor.-the edges of the screen flair up when its closed.-the space bar squeaks occasionally.software-osx fails spontaneously , just like windows.-a lot of the software it comes with is useless and takes up a huge amount of space.-the performance has gone downhill since i bought it.-the volume does n't stay constant .
it seems to randomly adjust itself while you 're not listening to anything.-there is no way of controlling what it does when you close the screen .
it 's supposed to sleep , but sometimes it stays on for no good reason.-there are n't enough dock controls ( you ca n't turn off the annoying bouncing alert ) .-sometimes the screen goes blue for a few seconds after waking up.-i have the screen brightness set to `` never dim '' , but it still does.-the track pad does n't keep scrolling when you get to its edge.-you ca n't disable the annoying 1980 's start up sound.-it takes way too long to rename files.-the logic of the highlighting text needs improvement.-there is a lot of noise in the audio jack.-the key-repeat is n't fast enough.-it wo n't remember the finder 's view settings for a second.-programs spontaneously stall and/or quit.that 's all .
picky ?
i do n't think so considering the price tag .
however , knowing what i do now , i would still buy it .
not because it is a good computer ( it 's far from perfect ) but because it is the best one i have ever used .

1
i have heard all of the hype for years regarding mac .
i was not a believer .
i finally broke down and made the purchase .
i am pleasantly suprised to report that i absolutely love my macbook pro !
there is a learning curve involved as i have always used pc 's however it does not take long at all to get the hang of it .
i really have a great appreciatation for the apple pre-installed programs as well such as iphoto , garage band , ichat etc ... the fact that the macbook has already taken alot of steps to pre-install many features is something i d not regret at all.pros - design - sleek - light weight - great lookingscreen - crisp and clearkeypad - responsve and love the light up featureease of use and setup - tw thumbs up !
!
cons - some of my favorite pc applications do n't have mac usability yet.-the internal speakers are good - not great - not really a con but given the excellent screen this could have been improved ever so slightly.if you are in the market for a notebook this is the one to get !

1
the macbook pro 17 core 2 duo is a nice little machine .
were it a pc , i 'd give it five stars on most every count .
unfortuantely , i 'm coming from a powerbook 17 which was a perfect machine , speed aside , and so i hold it to this standard.firstly , the display is not as nice as the powerbook 's .
the brightness is not at all uniform between the center and edges of the screen .
it looks very much like a mid-range conventional pc notebook in this regard.secondly , when running cpu-intensive tasks , the machine is far louder than the powerbook .
the fan gets to sound about like a pc desktop , but higher-pitched .
the powerbook 17 was probably about half as loud at full speed .
it 's definitely enough that you do n't want it in the same room if you 're doing any kind of recording work.next , the boot and hibernation times are longer than the powerbook .
i know i 've seen videos showing the macbook pro starting up more quickly than the powerbook , however with the same software installed on both there 's a definite longer period .
it 's just enough that i find i do n't casually flip it shut anymore.lastly , while your results may vary , mine died within three weeks and is now out for service .
the airport became increasingly less responsive at first , and then the whole machine started locking hard at irregular intervals -- not a spinning beachball , but a full hard lock where everything freezes and a power cycle is needed .
it continued doing this even during a software reinstall , and apple tells me that it will take about two weeks for me to get it fixed or replaced .
in retrospect , i wish i 'd waited to see that this iteration was solid before buying.all this aside , the machine does pack a bigger punch than the powerbook 17 when working .
applications are considerably smoother , games run well , and i end up doing some tasks twice because they complete so quickly that i think i messed up a command or menu option !
the huge hard drive is great for so small a machine , and it turns heads in public every bit as much as the beautiful powerbook 17 did .
further , being able to run windows apps via parallels ( and soon vmware ! )
is useful on occasion , though it 's funny how little one has to do that these days .

1
bought this refurbished computer for my son for christmas .
great little computer , and in really good shape .
however , we 've got it in being serviced for a virus right now , and lo and behold ... it came with no back-up diskettes .
no windows 7 xp diskettes .
no diskettes of any kind .
computer repairman says it has a pirated software package on it , so that solves the mystery of why it showed up with no diskettes .
i am livid .
i contacted the seller via email last week to have them send me the back-up diskettes , and they refuse to respond in any way .
no return emails , no phone calls , no interest , no care , no concern , and no luck.buyer beware !
!
!
!
do not buy from this seller !
!
because they are crooks to not only pirate the software in the first place , they are also dishonest in that they refuse to contact me to help make this problem right .
i have to go buy the software , hence another $ 120- $ 300 expense.shame on this seller .

1
was advertised as 160 gb hard drive and 512 mb ram , unit received had 40 gb drive and 768 mb ram .
otherwise , it 's working fine .

1
this macbook pro is a great system .
the newer versions are not as great due to the glossy , glass screen , the screen on this one is way better and clearer .
this design has thus far been my favorite design of the macbook pro .
os x is a truly amazing os , i strayed away from it for a little bit when i had capability issues with leopard , but now that i have re-installed os x tiger everything works brilliant .
if you want the most for your money , this and the dell xps are the best notebooks on the market .

1
best laptop i have ever owned .
switched from an ibm t42 to this baby .
wow , and i really loved my t42 .
its really fast except some apps take some time to startup but i assume those are the apps that are using roseta .
i have read about lots of problems people had with whining noise , and crackling speakers .
i have not had any of those issues .
i did notice the speakers crack when the volume was cranked up all the way a couple of times .
i also do n't like that the lcd does not fold back more .
i like to sit in a bean bag and do work and the angle can be weird not being able to fold the screen back more .
it also seems to get hotter then my t42 but not like my old dell that i thought would burn my legs .

1
if you 're considering buying a macbook pro consider exactly what type of user you are , power , casual , gamer , wordprocessor , etc .
before stepping into this product .
what you get from the feature reviews is a lot about system specifications , which will help you determine if the machine is cutting edge enough for you , but might not necessarily help you determine if the mbp will fit as nicely as your favorite pair of shoes.i believe the system specs were covered in the feature reviews , or you can just go to apple 's website and pull down the same information , so let me try and cover what has n't been covered yet.if you are like me , and hate carrying around a heavy piece of equipment from place to place , the mbp is a good option .
it is very portable , at just over five pounds , it is a great choice for a user who is always on the move .
even with the battery pack in the case i find myself not complaining about the weight.however , this portability does have a draw back - in creating a compact notebook the components are very close together and the mechanisms for maintaining cool temperatures inside the mbp are not quite up to par .
anyone who has actually used a mbp for more than an hour will tell you that even during normal operation it gets very warm to the touch , and sometimes too hot to use comfortably .
if you are the type of person who likes to use a laptop on the lap or to type for long periods of time directly on the device , the mbp might not be for you .
because the case is metal it acts as something of a heat-sink , meaning that the entire device will eventually get warm , if not very hot .
this is by far the biggest drawback of the mbp .
if the device was always cool to the touch and you could set it on your lap i would have given it 5 stars , but alas , such is not the case.if you are like me and will be using the mbp as a primary device at a desk or workstation , i highly suggest buying a secondary keyboard and a mouse for it .
you will find yourself getting very uncomfortable with the heat if you don't.secondly , in response to what other users have said about the mbp not seeming as fast as other macs , i would say that this is true only initially before apple 's programs are converted to universal binary ( a code which can be run natively on the core duo ) .
applications which run on the mbp or any apple with an intel chip and are not marked by the universal logo , run under a seamlessly integrated program called rosetta .
because rosetta as to translate the application into a code that intel processor can understand some of the `` speed '' is lost .
however , with a little patience apple will role out more ub apps in the future , thereby taking advantage of the mbp .
i was running one of apple 's most robust programs `` aperture '' on my mbp flawlessly.in closing , i just want to say that my biggest suggestion to people is to consider the heat issue and consider how you use the computer .
if you 're looking for a true lap `` laptop , '' i 'd look elsewhere ( or at the plastic covered macbook ) .
if you 're looking for a mobile powerhouse pick up the mbp .

1
i suggest checking out apple 's website and look up bootcamp .
it is an official apple beta that will actually partition the harddrive on these macbooks and create a driver cd so that you can install windowsxp on the macbook .
all you will need is an install cd of windows .
once installed , you will be able to choose which os to run , osx or winxp .
from several comments out on the net , the macbook will actually increase the performance of several programs that run on xp up to 20 % .this is my plan , when i get it done , i will let you all know how it turns out .

1
i have used macs off and on for many years , but i have exclusively owned pc 's only .
since mac 's switch to the intel processor , it was easy to justify the price of macs , as now native programs ( programs for macs ) work far faster than the old powerpc processors .
besides that , for those of you who do n't want to turn exclusively to macs , there is the dual boot mode to run windows .
be prepared for lots of issues on that though .
there is still a lot of un-updated applications , and things will run slower than on a normal windows pc .
things should improve after updates , but this will take time.this is not the notebook for you if you are a hardcore pc gamer .
the support is a long ways off for that .
i am a pc gamer , but i have a pc exclusively for that .
this is the notebook for you if you want to be able to run all the native mac apps and run them fast , all conveniently ready to go where ever you are.battery life is ok. for having a dual core processor , it lasted longer than i though at about 2 1/2 hrs .
on non-battery save mode ( less if running more intensive programs ) .
heat is hot .
i am a lefty and using the touchpad on the left-hand side , it gets hot .
also , do n't ever put this on your lap , even for casual use ( temps usually in the 60c - 70c range ) .
weight is a a bit heavy , but that is to be expected for the screen size of the notebook .
size is excellent .
very thin for what it packs in it !
one bad `` improvement '' is the power plug .
it attaches through magnets instead of plugging into the notebook .
this is great if you happen to trip a lot over your wires , but for most of us out there who do n't have that issue , it is a pain !
i use this notebook a lot on non-flat areas , and it constantly unplugs .
the smallest unstraightening of the plug will make it not be able to charge ( it can still be crookedly connected and not charge ) .one great thing about the macbook pro that i love is in order to right click , all i have to do is press the touchpad with two fingers .
this is very convenient and allows me to be as lazy as clicking a pc 's right click button .
it becomes very natural.so basically , get this notebook if you want to run native apps like final cut , and run them portably.do n't get this notebook if you want to run windows on it ( wait for more support on intel macs ) , or if you are a pc gamer wanting to run pc games through windows on the mac.as for me , i am overall happy with my purchase .
i got it for native mac apps .

1
this is not the most powerful notebook you could get , but for the price it is a very good buy ... furthermore , it is very light , has a wonderful wide-screen monitor ( it is amazing !
!
! )
and comes with a cd/dvd recorder .
what else can you expect for aproximately us $ 1100 ?
?
?
my only complaints are that the black plastic that is used to cover the external parts of the computer scratchs very easily and that this computer could come with a processor just a little bit more powerful .
despite of that , it does do the job for most people ( it easily stands ms office , mp3s and a dvd player ) .
the battery lasts around 3 hours and i keep getting wows everytime i take it out of the bag .
in brief , i do like my v2110us very much and i would buy one again if i had too .

1
i bought this a few days ago and it has been working perfectally .
the only reason why i rated it a 4 is that i have been having a hard time trusting to go with toshiba again .
i had satellite 1955-s803 which broke in 3 years and i spent $ 2,400.00 on that !
this one was $ 1,699.99 which is n't too bad .
i was either going to buy a hp pavilion dv1000 or this one .
i thought i should go with this one because the screen was larger and it looked nicer .
i thought when i walked out of the store that i had made a mistake but when i took it home i knew it was n't .
i have n't used the dvd+/-rw or cd-rw combo drive but i ca n't wait until i do .
the speed of this notebook is very fast and it connected with my router right away .
512 mb ram is enough for me and in 2 years i will probably upgrade it to the highest that is on the market for notebooks .
80 gb is one of the highest hard drive capacity you can find .
the dv1000 had a 100 gb hard drive but i really do n't care .
i would recommend this for someone who is on the go and wants good battery life ( lasted about 3 or 4 hours ) or someone just wanting to buy a safe reliable computer .

1
this is the first time i purchased a laptop and can not really compare to other laptops .
however after a few minutes using this laptop , i realised that there was absolutely no noise coming from the laptop .. incredible .. very quiet !
i was annoyed by the tons of software which were installed on it ( most of them as trial ) .. it took me a whole day to remove everything and install my software.screen is wonderful and you have to get used to work on a wide screen .
the touch pad is excellent.edit - i have been using the laptop for over 5 months now .. great piece of equipment .
battery life is not as good as other laptops but the screen is bigger .

1
purchased the satellite m45 dec 05 from aafes on military base in kuwait .
now is mar 06 and the backlight display has already gone out .
called toshiba customer service , had to ask for a supervisor to get a competent person .
in order to get repaired , must 1 ] take to an `` authorized service center '' in the states or 2 ] they will send you a box you can ship it to them , but must pay $ 24 for the box .
and they only partnered ups .
no ups in iraq and nearest repair shop in kuwait , but not covered under `` international warranty .
`` know of several other service members with this type of notebook that have had display or battery problems and now out of $ 1kguaranteed to have problems if you buy this .
make sure to back up data everyday because you never know when display will go out .

1
just got mine asus s5n notebook and use it for 2 weeks .
everything is great and works as good as it looks -- elegantly crafted pearl white in appearance which resembles the mac ibook ; extremely light ( 2.8 lb ) & thin ( 0.9 '' ) ; the package also includes a wireless optical mouse , external optical drive and a hip-looking soft vinyl carrying case.with the anticipation of the original spec wo n't meet my performance needs ( i.e .
a lot of photoshop works and possibly direct manipulation of my d1x camera through the firewire connection ) , i have it customized in the dealer with an upgrade in cpu to 1.8g centrino ( 745 dothan ) , ram to 768mb & a 60g hdd which made it almost perfect on the go .
well i said almost as i really love most of it except the external optical drive !
it 's really sort of nuisance especially for a frequent user like me , and has to find some space to house this device !
mind you , the location had to be on the left of the laptop , as the connection cord is far too short for you to place the drive else where , but still too long for placing the drive comfortably next to my laptop .
well if you are just working mainly at home or office with a desk big enough to accommodate all these stuffs , it wo n't be a problem of course .
but what 's the point to buy a laptop if you are n't supposed to work on the go ?
i must admit that i 've under-estimated my need and the frequency of using the optical drive , which resulted in this unhappy endings !
ironically i learnt later that the parent model , asus m5n , indeed did a better job in this respect by incorporating the drive into the lower part of the laptop , with an increase of only a few ounces ( 3.41 lb ) and thickness ( 1.17 '' ) !
considering that i 've spent $ 2000+ , this is somewhat unacceptable !
i think i should have opted for the m5n , which could even save for $ 200 less !
having said that , i must admit that this machine is so far the most stable system i 'd ever built and runs really fast on the applications .
there 's a slight hint of slow down on some action gaming , but can play dvd movies very well .
i guess it 's all because of the 855gme integrated graphic chipset , which can handle normal day-to-day task very well but not serious gaming .
the lcd monitor can be considered bright for laptop , but i find the color depth & tonality are a bit tight for photo editing task .
color saturation is still not good enough when compared to my desktop eizo lcd , which i used for my photo retouching works and output for years .
controls for the laptop lcd are also very limited , which made monitor calibration really difficult.another major problem is the battery life .
with the supplied 3-cell battery , you will be able to run your laptop in `` high '' performance setting for about an hour .
i did already ordered an extra 9-cell battery , but that can only extend your working time to about 4 hours on the same settings .
this together will add up to a total of 5 hours ( or less ) running time , which is still a bit mean .
unless you are going to run some word processing task and switch to a power saving mode , i do n't think that 's enough .
please also be reminded that the weight of the 9-cell battery is indeed quite heavy , and will weigh up the laptop to around 4 lb or so .
if you need a second extra 9-cell battery , you 'll probably end up with 5-6 pound in your computer bag , which is more or less the same weight as a normal lightweight laptop !
in my own opinion , i think this is a very good laptop for frequent travelers who do n't need to run resource-demanding applications and use optical drive only occasionally .
it 's indeed a very light , slim , fast laptop with virtually everything you need , plus an elegant design .

1
its a good machine .
but the fan makes a lot of noise .
apart from that , the screen is crisp , good keys , and ok built-in speakers .
its a bit heavy too ... this machine can be more of a desktop replacement than a laptop .
i still give it 4 stars due to its impeccable performance and good graphics .

1
if the video quality wo n't blow you away , maybe the onboard goodies will .
i bought mine out the door for $ 1399.00 .
memory stick slot is a plus since i have sony pda and digital camera .
one downside though : battery life only lasts 1.5 hours approx .
only if it came with intel centrino which only uses a fraction of power that pentium 4 uses .
overall , it 's the best value around .

1
very nice machine with plenty of processing power .
could have better graphics but that would also increase the cost .
with the latest bios update from sony you can give the graphics up to 128 mb .
i would recommend getting more ram if you try this .
of course you can find a couple of 512 mb sodimms for around $ 100 if you 're willing to search a bit .
overall i 'm very satisfied with this machine .
it lost one star beacuse i would prefer dedicated video memory .
but dollar for performance this is a top rate machine .

1
sony vgn 690 has a nice look .
all the comments that i have read i do agree with .
i have had the mother board replaced by sony .
it was a difficult task to get sony to complete the work without expecting me to pay .
i paid a lot of money for my sony and i expected sony to repair my computer without a fuss.that did not happen .
i will say i have always loved sony products and i will continue to buy them , but getting my sony repaired was a challenge.sony 's repair team are rude and mean .
i had to get on the internet and find numbers to sony corp ( no one will give you the numbers ) i was on a mission and i faxed a letter to all sony 's including overseas .
it worked !
!
i never heard from the repair center again , but i did receive a notice that is was a pleasure repairing my sony .
i have n't had any problems since .

1
this laptop is very good , well built , very light and very expensive .
for the price i paid , i would have liked a 1gb ram or atleast a built-in dvd writer with it .
and sony not shipping xp cd with it ( as with all sony laptops ) is really annoying .
why should i have to manually create 7 restore cd , after paying $ 1700 !
if you ignore these , the laptop is great !
the screen is supercool , really sharp !
the fan makes a little noise , which should not be for such a small laptop .
also the battery life is 3hr instead of 4hr , which i expect from a laptop of this size .
the sound is also good .

1
before i get this , i was using hp zv5000 , compaq r3000 cto.i feel like it is way better than those.keyboard is ok ( except small right ctrl key ) and screen is very bright.only complaint is memory.amazon.com said it will be one 512mb but mine , it 's 2*256mb combination.most of the time , i do 2d drawing , artworks for engraving using coreldraw , so 1g momory is must .
if you take a look product description , it says***memory : the 512 mb of built-in memory ( 1 x 512 mb , ddr sdram ) is a good start for power users , and it offers a faster than average ram speed ( 333 mhz ) .
it has two memory slots in total , with a maximum memory expansion only 1 gb ( 2 x 512 mb ) ****however , it is not true .
it will be two 256mb and no empty slot for upgrade .
i 'm in trouble caz i 'd already bought 512mb memmory.beware that i comes with 2*256mb .

1
the sony fs550/570 is a nice machine : nice screen , slim design , lots of features for home users but lacks behind the competitor 's same offerings such as the fujistu n3500 series notebook .
this is a great machine for home users ... dual-layer dvd burner is a plus , huge hard drive , but battery life is less than ideal.so if you travel and want a big screen , this is the one to get .
if you do alot of graphics work , such as 3d games or intentsive graphics design , try another alternative with a better graphics card .

1
its almost 4 years since i bot this one .
the pros are nice screen.. hmm thinking what else ... however the cons made me give this a 4* rating.non upgradable hdd and ram ( hdd merged with cpu board ) no mike

1
i bought the zd8060 2 months ago and havent had any problems whatsoever with the build quality .
this thing is a beast though .
it has a p4 so it runs too hot to actually have it on your lap and only lasts 1.5 hrs on the battery .
its got a beautiful screen and a nice number pad on the right .
the mouse pad is a little sketchy at times ( cursor just goes wherever it feels like going ) but the great thing about that is there 's a button right above it so you can disable it ( also , the space on the right of the mouse is big enough to use a usb mouse on ) .for someone who 's actually considering buying this thing , its great for people in a dorm room ( limited space ) or in the military and goes tdy and will set it up in a room and leave it for weeks or months .
for someone who travels a lot or in my case just lazy ( i hate dragging it from room to room with the monster power cable ) and wont ever use the media center/tv tuner functions it comes with , its an absolute waste .
if you want something that wont be moved at all get a desktop , its less than half the price.i give it 4 stars because it is a good computer .
the price for the logic ( limited mobility laptop ) and the fact that after 2 months , i went ahead and ordered an ibm thats half the weight , 4x the battery life and doesnt create enough heat to cook my lap are why it doesnt get 5 stars.pros : nice bright screen , latest xp media center operating system , number pad , ports and card readers for just about everything , good speakers.cons : it 's a beast to carry around , heat , battery consumption , sketchy mouse , lack of bluetooth , price .

1
i bought my averatec with basically the same specs as this one two years ago .
i use a computer a great deal but it is basically an appliance to me .
i want it to work consistently and do what i need it to do .
the averatec has not let me down .
this is basically my travel computer .
it is small enough to slip in a large purse .
the battery lasts longer than other brands i have used and appears to charge quicker .
it has a large enough hard disk and memory .
my computer came with xp pro which has been good as this is what i use at work .
during the time it is not travelling it is in the tv room .
it is durable .
i left it in a tsa bin and got it back a week later , it has a few scratches on it due to travel etc , its been dropped and flung around a few times .
while carrying a pile of books , papers and the computer i dropped the computer from about four feet up , it landed flat on the pavement .
it still worked fine but the shock did break something that connected the power supply and i had trouble charging the battery after that .
i had that fixed fairly inexpensively at a local shop and it has worked great every since .
if you can find one of these and you are not looking for a desktop replacement , you are okay using headphones for sound ( the speaker are very small ) and you want something portable -- this is it .

1
first off - i 've owned this laptop for over a year so i should know a bit about it .
i ca n't speak about averatec 's customer service , because i 've never needed to use it .
the laptop battery life is perfectly fine ( 2-3 hours ) and it 's held up very well including playing dvd 's for many hours on long flights ( using an airplane dc attachment ) .
it 's a very fast laptop and the wireless is excellent .
i prefer this centrino ( intel ) model over the amd model .
also - there 's a fan/cpu calibration in the bios that must be run when you first get the unit ... i do n't understand why people seem to miss that step in the manual .

1
i bought this laptop almost a year ago from circuit city .
like i do with all my laptops ( this is my third ) i bought their extended warranty so i ca n't say anything about avaratec 's service .
( however , i can state something about it from a friend 's point of view .
more on that later . )
i have owned or worked with hp , sony and powerbook laptops .
you really get your bang for the price you pay for this laptop .
i will admit i got it for a fantastic deal so that made it even sweeter .
it works just as fast as the higher end brands and can work for hours on end .
i teach in a computer lab and will often use it hooked up to a projector , mimio and speakers .
it never shuts down on me and lets me be able to do my job .
like another person said , if you want a computer for anything heavy ( movie editing/creation , gaming , etc ... ) , you may want to look at other brands with better video cards and inputs .
( i prefer macs for movie making anyway . )
i gave it four stars because of it overheating .
i solve that problem by getting a cooling pad/fan for it .
laptops often do that anyway and the pad/fan works wonders .
this model , however , does tend to overheat more than other brands i 've worked with or own .
my friend , who i bought one for when i bought mine , called avaratec , had her go through a process to change some settings and it helped her cool things down .
however , hers was getting much hotter than mine so i think there may have been a flaw with her laptop .
another `` concern '' is a line that mine has , hers has , and a co-worker 's has ( she had to buy one when she saw mine ) .
i do n't know if it is on the inside of the screen or the outside , but we all share it .
i do n't think it 's pixelated dots .
i 'll take it back to circuit city and use their warranty ( i 've gotten mixed messages about when it kicks in-during the first year or after it 's over . )
.overall , it 's a great laptop for a stupendous price .
i could n't believe the hard drive storage space , the ram , and the other specs .
sure , a firewire capability would have been nice , but you can get a card for that .
built in wireless ?
that 's sweet !
i 'd buy another avaratec in a heartbeat if the price were right .
they have a good price because you do n't get a lot of garbage software on the machine ( which is a waste of money anyway ) .

1
i received my computer yesterday and it was a pleasant surprise for me to open the box and take it out .
before ordering this one , i personally did not like the appearance of non-widescreen computers but this computer changed my view.256mb ram is a bit less and with shared video memory , xp crawls on this .
adding extra ram is highly recommended , which i did by adding 512 module separately .
after this small modification , this computer works wonderfully.beware of one small feature of hp 's default system settings while you install the drivers .
they set clear type setting for smooth screen fonts , which make them blurred ( display settings- > advanced- > effects ) .
it took a while for me to figure that out.in summary , very happy with this purchase .
could not have expected more from a computer of this price ( got it for $ 499.99ar from cusa ) !

1
i got this noteboob a couple days ago and all i can say is this is an excellent machine !
key 's are in the right position , it 's responsive and easy to work with .
touchpad 's nice , sounds are nice too .
and unlike what the other dude said , the fans are quiet unlike those vaio and satellite laptops .
its a really quiet machine .
the screen 's bright and display 's crisp .
the only thing i do n't like about this laptop is that it only lasts for 3 hours or less .
but then again u can always buy extra battery .
for a centrino laptop , it 's kinda heavy too but not that heavy like p4 tops .
the preloaded softwares suck so just un-install it .
overall , this is pretty neat.so far no problems .
it doesnt hang or crash when u change from ac to battery and the wireless connection 's easy to set up .
got ta recommend this ; )

1
over the years i 've owned at least ten different laptops .
my wife thinks i 'm adhd with electronics purchases , as i upgrade on a whim for either `` a great deal '' or once i get annoyed with some feature i just do n't like or some cosmetic aspect that plain bugs me.the a4-s211 fell into the great deal category , as i was fortunate enough to get an off-lease model for only $ 250 !
i have to admit , i 'm impressed with this laptop .
the 15.4 '' wide screen display with 1280 x 800 resolution is crisp enough and bright enough to make my games , movies , and business writings look great .
the ati x600 graphics adapter lets me play games like half life 2 and doom 3 at decent resolutions , and the speakers sound good , but not great .
overall the fit and finish is good , and for the size of the laptop , it 's very light and thin .
it looks very professional , but does n't stand out .
i read another review that compared it to a decent date for the prom , but not the prom queen .
i 'd like to add that it 's the decent date with the great body hiding under the standard black dress .
you ca n't wait to get 'er home to see what she 's really got !
but not everything is rainbows and puppies .
for example , i like the keyboard feel , but not the location of the delete key , which sits next to the cursor arrow keys .
despite the extra space the wide screen requires , toshiba decided to use a keyboard that places the page up/down , ins , and other similar keys in a column to the left of the other keys , instead of together at the top left .
the result is a lot of blank space on the area where the keyboard and touchpad lie .
and speaking of the touchpad , it does n't have a scroll section , which seems kind of dated , as my ibm thinkpad that 's two years older , does.battery life is good , at just over 2 hours with the standard ( not sure how many cells it has ) battery .
the wi-fi works great , and i love the switch right up front to turn it on or off .
there 's even a sliding cover for the memory card slots that blends in nicely.i 've had chances to upgrade , even bought a hp dv5190 which i gave to my wife .
it seems that every time i get up to the point of buying , i stay with my a4 .
why ?
mainly because it 's fun to use , has a decent dedicated graphics processor and keyboard ( despite the key placement ) , and i 'll have to spend hundreds more to get what this laptop already gives me .
oh yea , and i really do n't like vista , and you ca n't swing a dead rat without hitting a laptop with vista offered as standard now .

1
well , i got this laptop as a gift for christmas , but somehow mine has slightly better specifications .
anyway , it works better than the other two computers in the house , which have faster processors and one of them is newer .
it is so fast , and i ca n't even use up the 20 gig hard drive .
it is great for watching dvds on , because in full screen it looks like a high definition tv .
the screen looks huge because most of the time you use it you are close to it and it is great .
windows xp runs perfectly on it .
the only thing i am having a problem with is that it disconnects me from the internet every once in a while , but that is the router 's fault .
it also overheats very badly , but this is n't a problem for me .
recommended buy !
!
!

1
i got this laptop for about $ 775 in 4/05 , it has been a great laptop , fast cpu , dvd-rw , only complaint it that feels a little cheaply made , but if you take care of it there is nothing to worry about .

1
i just received the averatec av3270-ee1 , and here are my first impressions : i 've uploaded photos of everything that was included , including screen shots of the laptop itself.at first glance , it looks somewhat solid .
the casing , as stated by averatec , is 1 '' thin , and made of magnesium alloy .
the outside of the case ( behind the lcd ) was a little scathed on arrival , not too noticable but nonetheless not something you 'd expect in a brand new laptop .
the keyboard portion of the casing looks very sleek .
because this is a 12.1 '' laptop , the keyboard is a but scrunched , though surprisingly not too bad !
the battery extends out a little in the back , but not too much.there are 3 usb ports located on the right side of the laptop , next to the cd/dvd writer , with the power plug at the rear of the right side .
the 4-in-1 memory card reader is located at the front of the laptop , next to the latch to open up the laptop .
the vga output is located on the left side , alongside the modem/network , and a pc card slot .
to get a better idea of how it looks , view the images i have uploaded.the internal wireless card detected my network instantly after setup .
it seems to be fairly strong compared to my wireless pcmcia cards .
there is a button to enable/disable the wireless , located next to the power button .
its a feature that is good to have , and can be found in many of the newer laptops today.sound quality is decent for a laptop , better than my old dell laptop , but certainly not the best.the screen is nice , but is somewhat difficult to see outdoors in sunlight -- too much glare !
this laptop is no speed demon .
however , it will be more than suitable for people using it for word processing , web surfing , and checking e-mails.contrary to the review by hans devente on may 15 , 2005 , the total hard disk size shown is 53.0 gb , and free space is 49.5 gb .
i have uploaded a screenshot .
but he is correct , there is no physical recovery cd , nor is there an actual windows xp cd.there was no physical product manual included ; the manual is located on the desktop of the system in the form of a pdf file .
averatec 's reasoning : within the packaging , it states that averatec wants to be more environmentally friendly.included are several pre-installed software .
cyberlink 's powerdvd/power2go/powerproducer/medi @ show , phoenix firstwave recover pro 2004 ( recovery software ) , apple itunes , apple quicktime 6.5.1 , microsoft works , adobe acrobat reader 6.0 , microsoft office powerpoint viewer 2003 , netzero platinum , and symantec norton antivirus .
upon the first bootup , several of these applications popped up asking to be registered .
norton encountered an error , and stated that it should be uninstalled/re-installed .
this may just be an isolated incident .
most , if not all , retail desktops/laptops come with a bunch of this `` junk '' pre-loaded.overall , the laptop has met my expectations for a sub- $ 1k laptop from a relatively unknown brand , and those expectations were relatively low .
for the price , i rated it 4 stars because of the issues i encountered .
for those of you that are looking for a cheap full-featured lightweight laptop , look no further as this laptop fits the bill .
however , if you demand the best , and have high expectations , look elsewhere.edit : after playing with the laptop for two weeks , i have found the laptop to be a bit sluggish .
slower than i expected , but it still gets the job done .

1
i have had my computer currently for nearly 10 months .
my biggest problem up until last november was the overheating .
during the summer i would leave my laptop on only to find it had turned off from the overheating .
i eventually bought a fan to leave it on , but it still feels warm .
when i would lay it on my thighs while lying in bed sometimes i would even burn myself.one thing people need to know before buying is averatec does not give you a back up disk for windows .
they give you a program called phoenix recovery pro .
i do n't know what happened but somewhere between april and november it just disappeared .
i could have deleted it myself , thinking it was a program i accidentally downloaded , but once its gone , its gone .
i got two very bad viruses in november and my computer completely crashed .
when i called they kept telling me to use the recovery program , but mine just did n't exist .
i mailed them my computer ( i 'm in boston and i had to mail it to california ) november 7th .
unfortunately i sent it possibly at the worst time i could .
they got it on a friday night ( no work on weekends ) and then there was thanksgiving holiday .
all they had to do was reboot my computer .
i got it back december 9th .
pretty inconvenient.my only other issue would be the speakers .
they suck , i ca n't watch a movie on my computer unless i use headphones and if i watch a movie with someone i have to use headphone splitters .
also the fan is pretty loud so if you manage to hear what you are listening to , the fan pretty much drones it out.i really do like my computer , i really never have any problems with dead pixels or freezing , and even though i had to mail them my computer , averatecs customer support staff has always been very helpful .
and they are n't located in india , so i can actually understand what the person is saying to me .
dell does n't have that haha.i would recommend this computer to anyone .
people just need to be aware that you ca n't get your computer fixed in a best buy or staples .
do not uninstall phoenix , and if you notice it missing , call.hope i could help

1
i bought this computer 2 years ago and i keep waiting for it to break or slow down like my other old notebooks , ( compaq and dell ) .
i got ta say this computer may not be the fastest or have the longest battery life but it does what it should .
it 's never broken down .
the bottom of the computer does get sorta hot but it 's not bad on cold days .
i use it every day to check emails , write reports and download and edit pictures .
for the price ( i paid $ 900 ) , it 's a great little computer .
i recommend it for people getting their first notebook who do n't have a large budget .
thanks .

1
i 've had this laptop for over a year now and i have been very pleased with it .
it 's built-in wireless gets me connected well and i love the dvd/cd read/write feature as much as i love that it has a built-in sd-card reader .
the only con with this laptop is the same that i complain about with any laptop ... tight keyboard takes some adjustment - and the mousepad is something i 'll never get used to .
i just carry a usb mouse and get over that hurdle .
it 's not the fastest computer ever , but hangs with the best .
overall , this was an excellent buy for me !
in looking at previous reviews on the averatec av3270-eh1 - i see that many of the reviewers show they purchased a different model or do n't list their model at all ... this particular model is a good buy !

1
great machine but battery does not last long as i 'd expected since this is a centrino chip .

1
the two things that really impressed me about this computer were it 's display and dvd burner .
sony 's xbrite screens are the best i 've seen on any laptop .
i love watching movies and playing my games on this unit , because everything is so crisp and bright .
the dvd burner pretty much does it all .
both formats ( + and - ) are supported and it even can burn dual-layer media , a feature not included on most laptops i 've seen .
there is 128 mb of video memory , although it is shared instead of dedicated .
it has an 80gb hard drive ; plenty of space for most users .
i believe 10gb is inaccessible because sony partitions that for recovery .
battery life is not impressive considering this unit has centrino technology .
you 'll get maybe 2 1/2 hours maximum .

1
maybe you 're new to laptops , so here are a few facts.sadly enough almost all laptops are tailored for windows , that means that if you install anything but windows , well you 'll have a poor performance.also very important , the hard drive that is included with the computer is a 4200rpm hd which is quite slow for any standard.when the os is paging or accessing the hd this speed is critical.i do n't know about your computer but mine had 512mb of memory , and let 's say the full 2gb could really boost performance.i am a software engineer and i have found this laptop as a decent desktop replacement.if you use it with windowsxp 64 , a fast hd and 1gb or more you 'll see what i am talking about .

1
this a laptop that you can use for anything you want , i am curently runing the game f.e.a.r and it is not to bad it is never slow .
the graphics arnt the best but its integrated not dedicated so you get what you pay for .
still a great buy for any begginer .
it runs movies wit hgood sound for speakers on a laptop .
i would reccomend this to anybody .
if there is anything i could change on this i wold ge quieter fans but that comes with any laptop .

1
i received this product in a timely manner .
the computer connected to the internet and works just fine .
i am satisfied with this purchase .

1
but you can do better for the money because although new computers cost a bit more they are loaded with programs .
this came with alomst nothing .
no word , outlook , powerpoint , or dvd program .
might as well spend twice as much now and get all the new programs , rather than loading them individually into an old computer , which costs more in the long run .

1
i have to write a review even i do n't have this particular laptop .
as of right now i own the sony s260 ( older version of s460 ) with pentium centrino 1.6ghz , 60gb hd , 512mb ram .
most people do not like this laptop because of 2 reasons.1 .
a little hotter than other laptops2 .
the fan runs more often than othersi think part of these problems because of the small form factor of this laptop .
when sony makes this laptop thin and small , everything needs to put it closer together so it will generate more heat than usual thus it needs the stronger fan and it needs to run more often.i also own a giant gateway centrino 1.2ghz ( 6 lbs ) and i can say that the gateway is a little quieter ( fan ) than sony but again it 's a lot bigger than sony .
however , you can barely hear the fan noise from the sony either only if you use the laptop in the quiets area or at midnight.for the heating , the previous reviewer just exaggerates too much `` this laptop gets heated up so much that you can not hold it '' .
if this is true , it 's not the laptop , it 's his skin and he needs to go to see a doctor .
if the laptop is truly that hot , the plastic wires inside the laptop would be toasted already .
i used my laptop 3 or 4 hours sometimes in bed while i 'm watching tv .
neither my mattress nor my belly burns.i give this laptop 4 star instead of 5 because i did not have the exact model but i do n't see much of a difference .

1
i have had this laptop for about a year now , and i love it .
great performance , everything is great except for the battery .
i sent it in to sony , they didnt fix it but gave me the extended battery for free , which is a 300 dollar value .
now i have 2 batteries , which is great , but i would rather have one that lasts for 5 hrs .
if you need a good laptop , go with this , if you dont mind battery life : )

1
i 've had this laptop now for 2 months .
burns , cds and dvds with no problem .
comes with lots of useful software and some not so useful software .
i love sonic stage for my music library .
plays games like eve online , lineage ii , city of heroes , and a list of others just great .
nice thing is you can build your recovery disc set using cds and dvds then rebuild the laptop with just the software you want on it to relieve some of the initial clutter .
i 've heard some people say the battery life is n't what it claims to be but i 've gotten 2.5 hours out of it , maybe longer .
you must use the ultimate battery setting from the sony battery control panel to get this .
the only problem i 've had with this was when i tried to run windows xp pro on it .
everything installed just fine except the onboard sound card would n't run under xp pro and i could n't find a driver that worked for it so i went back to xp home edition that came with it .
i 've had no issues whatsoever with its wireless setup .
i 've traveled quite a bit since i 've had it and have connected to dozens of different networks with no hassle whatsoever .
i 'd recommend this laptop to anybody looking for great performance and flexibility .

1
fantastic screen , weighs just over 6 pounds , good keyboard and fast !
the usual crappy touch pad ( sorry , but i prefer a mouse ) but any wireless mouse makes this the perfect desktop replacement machine .
the only complaint i have is that all of the connections ( usb , ethernet , etc ) are on the sides of the machine .
i would have preferred them in the back of the machine .
all in all though - an excellent laptop for people who need high performance !

1
this is a good laptop for school .
i does n't come with any microsoft office items or games , but was easy to install .
short battery life though .

1
i ordered this so some of my older programs would continue to work .
i have ancestry program ( 2006 ) that i find is very user friendly with xp and is not supported by windows 7 and i am sure not 8 .
( although it works on 7 . )
i was going to send back , but changed my mine .
i wanted the challenge to get it to work etc .
the hard drive was working but needed to be replaced , so i installed a new one .
had the entire machine checked out , and everything else checked out fine .
the place i took it to re-installed the os system and i did the rest and was good to go .
all in all it was less than $ 200 for a back-up computer for my research .
i love it .

1
i really like this computer .
very inexpensive and does as well as more expensive computers .
i have apple imac computer and ever since i received the ibm thinkpad 14 inch notebook computer i use this computer more than my 20 inch apple computer .
it is very easy to use .
i think it works faster than my apple computer .
the only problem i have is i can not get to work wireless , maybe it is me .
i would say this computer is a very good buy !
!

1
received with an extra gig of memory and worked great except the cd/dvd combo drive which the seller sent me a new one that worked fine .
the cpu fan cut out sometimes so the seller sent me a new one .
the screen is excellent for web browsing and playing games .
very fast for an older computer .
highly recccommend .

1
jason at datasales.com demonstrated the best customer service available .
we ordered this laptop , and had it for about a week before we realized there is no sound .
so i called him , and without blinking an eye , he offered to send another laptop -- that he wanted to make sure there was n't a problem , and that the best solution would be to send us another machine .
he did this within two days , and now is paying for the shipment of the first machine back to him .
a good guy .
totally recommend .
the laptop is nice .
chunky keys .
love it .
not a lot of memory ( which does n't matter because we store things on an external drive ) , but fast enough for us .
and for less than $ 150 !

1
i 've had this notebook for almost 5 months now , and for the most part i 'm very happy with it .
the only glaring negative i can think of , as with most notebooks , is the battery stamina which lasts only about an hour at full charge .
also , my system has slowed down considerably after i 've installed apps and media drivers over the past few months , so it 's time for a reinstall.as for claims by other reviewers that toshiba does n't provide an install disk , i do n't know what these people are talking about .
if you buy it new , the install disk is provided in the box .
if it 's not , get your money back .
nobody in their right mind should be content with a new notebook or pc not including the original install software.bottom line , if you 're looking for a basic laptop for working on-the-go , and not interested in having gaming capabilities , this toshiba satellite is for you .
however , if you 're looking for something with video capabilities , look at the higher level models that include an nvidia video card .

1
got these for the little ones for christmas to do homework and play some games on .
they both work very well and the kids are pleased .
only thing they need is to max out the ram and this will be a stellar system for both of them .
i have always preferred hp and/or compaq .
they have n't disappointed yet ... ... ... ... .thanks for a super deal ... ... ... ... .

1
ths tablet-laptop is a little powerhouse ( thats what i call it ) better than a tablet and better than just a laptop by itself .
60 gig harddrive 2 gigs of ram , try getting that from a tablet.for around $ 170.00 .

1
this notebook is definitely for those people , who wants an extra-mobile device with the power of the laptop .
u105 fills pretty nice on one hand while being typed by other hand.the keyboard is small and somewhat awkward .
for example the ` key locates directly to the left of space key where alt should be , and alt key is next to the left .
however pc magazine keyboard remap utility can fix it all .
it is not that easy to type and typing speed is much slower then on the full size keyboard .
also keys do n't have any space between at all , so it makes it even harder to blind-typing .
however after the little practice it goes better.the laptop is pretty fast and what i like , comes from suspend and from hibernation much faster then my other gateway laptop .
there are bunch of junk software , so at the beginning add/remove applet in the control pannel is your best friend !
aol does not want to be uninstalled from add/remove programs , it just says : `` no aol installed on your computer '' , so , if you do n't need it just delete from `` program files '' , from start menu and from desktop.i hope , you did not believe toshiba regarding 5 ours of the battery life .
it is no more then 4 hours .
i have tried to disable everything possibly : wireless , bluetooth , no usb , pcmcia and other connections , screen backlight off and minimum cpu speed , it still 4 ours .
so i actually not sure , how toshiba came up with 5 ours number !
the internal speakers volume is very low , it is softer then my nokia celphone , but again it is travel laptop.u105 is very quiet , even when fen goes up .
fen picks up once in a while and the bottem of laptop becomes pretty warm.and last thing , the users guide does not exactly matches the machine 's configuration .
for example the manual says that keyboard has 1 control key , there are actually 2 ctrl keys , so believe youreyes , not the manual !

1
please note that since writing my original review ( listed below ) that i 've been dragged through the mud by acer .
they have an appalling record for customer service .
in fact , they rate at the bottom when compared to other companies ' customer service reviews .
i can vouch for that by my own experience.most of my problems with the machine are linked to the tablet mode .
the pointer is unable to get near enough to the edge of the screen to reveal any hidden toolbars .
furthermore , the accuracy betweehn the pointer and the stylus is not the best .
sometimes you have to look at where the pointer is on the screen instead of where you are pointing at with the sylus .
in places , it can be up to a half-inch off.as for dealing with acer , here 's the good and the bad : the first time i sent it in was due to the inaccuracy of the stylus/pointer .
they did nothing to the computer and sent it back saying it worked fine .
i immediately sent it back in .
this time , they replaced some parts .
i found that the pointer could now touch the bottom edge , but could n't get close to the other three .
furthermore , there were dead spots on the screen that the pointer refused to go into and would move around them as if there was a magnetic field issue .
i sent in the laptop a third time .
they replaced the hard drive and sent it back .
now , the laptop is completely unusable because the pointer goes down to the lower left and lower right corners and starts clicking repeatedly by itself .
the start menu shoots up and down , 20 clocks appear on the screen , and i ca n't use any applications .
i 'm now sending it for a fourth time and they tell me they are thinking about replacing the entire machine since they ca n't track down the issue .
they did tell me , though , that the drifting mouse sometimes happens in tablet mode and called it a `` limitation of the product . ''
translation : `` it 's broke and we do n't know how to fix it . ''
so , you may run into that issue , but hopefully not to the extend that i did.many of the techs have bad attitudes ( and i did a really good job of keeping my cool ) .
furthermore , there is no accountability at acer .
you ca n't reach the same tech twice .
you ca n't speak with the people who actually work on the machines .
you ca n't even speak with a manager .
there is a real problem with intercompany communication as well.in conclusion , if you are going to risk going with acer , i highly urge you to go the extra mile and buy the extended warranty .
otherwise , you will probably get screwed.
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- original review : i 've used this machine for 8 months now , so here 's the good and bad : the good : -it 's a powerhouse !
the system comes packed with all the power you could need for the next few years .
the 2ghz centrino pentium m is optimized for low power consumption to give you extra-long battery life ( do n't mistake that for the celeron , which is intel 's budget chip ) .
check out the system specs for the rest.-powerful enough to run vista.-the tablet mode works , for the most part , surprisingly well .
i suspect this is due to ms 's xp tablet edition rather than acer 's technology which was very buggy with my model , but i can write very sloppily and it hardly ever makes a mistake when transcribing the text .
( by the way , the tablet edition is xp pro , so you can join this machine to a domain ) .-acer claims that the wifi equipment in the unit is able to pick up signals from a greater distance than most notebooks .
i 've found this to be true.-the system comes without all of that junky trial software you find preinstalled on other oem machines ( ie .
dell , gateway , etc . )
the bad : -you 'll read this everywhere , but the machine gets quite hot underneath .
i do n't see this as a big deal , b/c it does have a fan to keep the system stable .
even when i keep it on my lap , it 's not uncomfortable -- just stay away from that fan exhaust !
you 'll break a sweat.-the maximum resolution is 1024x768 .
not a big deal to me b/c that the setting i keep all my monitors at.in conclusion , i strongly recommend you purchase the deluxe extended warranty which will cover all issues .
if you drop your system , or step on the screen , or the cat/dog/child pees on it , you 're covered .

1
my 4155 is a refurbished model that i had shipped to the uk from the states .
after reading all the very negative reviews about averatec generally , as well as this particular model , i was very nervous .
however , i 've been pleasantly surprised.build quality is ok ; if you 're worried about it , support weak areas with plastic film ( also easier to clean if you do n't like how dirty white lappys get ) .
i may put a sheet of metal foil across the lid as well , just to give the screen a little more protection , but it 's probably fine as it is- i 'm comparing it to a vaio that has magnesium alloy on the lid , so for me the difference is very noticeable.performance wise i 've no complaints , though admittedly i 'm not using the 4155 for anything too stressful .
i also give the lappy a spin on a 64bit version of ubuntu , and even as a live cd it positively screamed .
in fact , it was almost too fast.the screen is beautiful , and compares very favourably to the vaio screen on my main laptop .
keyboard on the 4155 is actually better than the vaio , i think ; i personally find the vaio keyboard a little flat .
the touchpad out of the box is awful , but it 's possible to change that by going into device manager and altering the sensitivity setting .
the default seems to be intended for people who are very heavy handed.weight is fabulous , although i was amused to find that it 's actually lighter to remove the battery , insert the foam plug in , and carry the power pack .
the battery really does seem to be the heaviest component on the machine .
reports of poor battery life have not been exaggerated ; it is truly abysmal , but may improve after recalibration.my only complaint has been that the wireless card refuses to pick up my wireless network , but it may be that it simply does n't like my router , since during the linux test run the wifi correctly picked up next door 's linksys network .
i just use a usb wifi which is very good , and does all i want .
the plus point is that i am then able to disable all network hardware and that gives battery life a little help as well.all i wanted was a lightweight second system with a widescreen that would allow me to work with multiple windows .
the averatec 4155 has so far surpassed those very modest expectations , and , touch wood , i hope it will last me for a couple of years .

1
this machine is worth every cent .
great with movies , adobe photoshop and games .
( need for speed 2 , splinter cell ) .
bought it to replace desktop unit as i am attending university abroad .
it was not my intention to lug around on campus and its a good thing cause this thing is heavy.when ordering make sure if you 're getting the c6 or c8 type plug .
important if you 're getting an in-line surge protector at the same time .
the downloadable pdf from toshiba indicated a three pin type , but it was delivered with the two pin type .

1
after selling two computers , yes two , to my parents i decided to get something that was gon na last for many years , and something that i could do anything on that i could do on a desktop .
also something that was portable was what i wanted most .
after searching and searching and countless computers , i realized i was gon na have to pay the big bucks to achieve what i wanted .
i had saw the qosmio but had always hated how `` finger printed '' up the interior looked when i saw them in stores , from people using them .
its a pet peave that i do n't like prints or smudges for that matter .
so after a lot of thought i went for the f25 from a website called clearance club for 1349 plus tax , i didnt think it was a bad deal till i saw the f25 on the toshiba direct site for 1099 $ , so i thought i just got ripped .
after careful consideration i looked at the g25 which was only a few hundred dollars more , 1349 !
!
to be exact , they didnt have any in stock until a few days later so i said what the hell and went for it , even though i wasnt to fond of the gargantuen 17 '' screen .
well having gotten the g25 when i still had the f25 i decided why not test them side by side , being that it was a weekend and couldnt ship the other back yet .
here 's the pro 's and con 's i found.f25-sharp clean pictureg25-a bit brighter , although maybe to bright ?
f25-great harman kardon speakers , very loud and bassyg25-same speakers although not as loud , ( i must point out both of these were refurbished for one reason or another , so the speakers or sound card may have been the issue here ) f25-basic 100gig hard drive , seems like a lot until you record live tv.g25-serial ata 120 gig , double hard drives , 20 gigs makes a difference.f25-nvidia geforce 6600 go graphics card-64mb-doom 3 1024x768 low quality.g25-nvidia geforce 6600 go graphics card-128mb-doom 3 1024x800 high quality-its noticeble side by side .
no hesitation .
also 1440x900 max screen resolution.f25-wifi b/g wirelessg25-samef25-15.4 inch wide screen , very light , good for toating around.g25-17.4 inch wide screen , very heavy , not good for toating around .
although better for movies at home.f25-darker black interior-smudges are n't as noticeble , but still bad.g25-the thing i hate most , terrible at fingerprints and smudges , has a slightly glossier black face.f25-good dvd-r-rw multi burner , basic pop-out from the side.g25-very cool dvd-r-rw multi burner , inserts from the front , slide in compartment .
burns a little quicker than the f25 i think .
loads loud though , minor issue.f25-1.86 pentium 750m processor , centrino.g25-2.01 pentium 760m processor , centrino.f25-1024 gig of ramg25-1 gigf25-refurbished-cheapist anywhere , toshiba direct-1099 $ , new on other sites , anywhere from 1600 , to 2000 $ .g25-refurbished-cheapest anywhere , toshiba direct-1349 , new on other sites anywhere from , 1549 $ to 3000 $ .so with all these side by side the differences are very minor between the f25 and the g25 , there were certain things i liked better abuot each but when it came to mas-multi tasking and just over all ability i had to go for the g25 even though its not perfect its the best your gon na get for a laptop , multimedia center .
all others definately fall short when it comes to the specs this thing has .
basic laptops even hp 's higher series most come with an ati radeon 200m which u ca n't even put on medium resolution 800x600 for doom 3 or farcry .
even some of the higher end hp 's come with a nvidia geforce 7300 go , which is a low end 7 series , not even as good as the 6600 .
so though its pricey and huge and shows ugly smudges ( though easy to clean ) , i must say this is the pinaccle of laptops on the market now .

1
few weeks ago , i tried to purchase this model from tiger direct .
they charged me twice of the price and later i found they did n't even has the model in stock .
and to call them , each time you have to wait at least 30 minutes , and just imagine if the phone got lost when they try to direct you to someone else ...

1
i needed a laptop for a vacation and i wanted one with a large screen and enough memory to play a few games .
i got my needs and my wants filled with this model .
enough memory and hd space to run the necessary programs .
plus , i got it used at an excellent price .
battery life is a bit short but i will mainly be using it with the adapter so that is n't a concern for me .

1
great performance , great look and a mind blowing interface like apple technology can provide

1
mostly i love my new ibook .
i have had a few connection error message problems which my isp and apple repair person can not figure out .
still happens once in awhile .
i am still learning and ca n't blame the machine .
it is very fast even though i have a slow dialup connection .
i tried a web accelerator and it did n't make much difference .
that 's how fast it is .
almost like dsl or cable but slow to download as expected with a dialup .
surfing much faster which is what i wanted .
would recommend , definitely .
oh , also mac help hardly ever works .
though i found out this is a known problem and apple has neglected to fix it .
it has to be fixed manually or with onyx .
i am learning to use applescript to make it less of a chore .

1
exellent computer ; light , good layout , well designed .
i would recommend the purchase a wireless mouse instead of the using the touch pad .
up time on the batteries is quite good and the recharge time is reasonably short.osx is much simpler operating system to teach to a non-computer type of person when compared to windows .
fewer bad things happen to a novice when mistakes are made .
there are several good books in the market place that can act as reference manuals

1
overall , i am pleased with the laptop after several months of usage , it replaced a dell 8200 , it sure looks a lot nicer than the dell but i wouldnt say it is radically faster , except maybe for the hard disk , but it is just incrementally better re g-wireless , widescreen etc .
i paid a premium for this laptop , over 2200 , and would not say that it is really worth a premium price , though it is a solid value at & lt ; 2k .
one item that many reviewers fail to note is the dvi digital video output of this laptop , this is a fairly unique feature for a laptop , and is a considerable factor in the price .
in short , you can use it as an hdtv dvd player driving a large screen hdtv monitor , which is pretty cool , especially with some of the wmvhd hdtv dvds out there.two cons worth noting - the screen brightness is not up to par with some of the other laptops out there , it is acceptable at max brightness setting , but just marginally .
it is also lacking a true line-in audio input , there is only mic-in and headphone-out , this is a consideration if you want to record stereo line-level audio.also , the hi-def screen will necessitate using the xp extra-large font setting with a 120+dpi screen res setting to prevent squinting .

1
i give this 4 stars because it has so many features !
you can use it as a dvr and a tv , the integrated wireless has never given me a problem , it 's fast for a laptop .
it handles abuse very well , i have dropped it and stepped on it , spilled water on it .
it 's great if you have any kids that will mess with it.i docked my rating a star because this laptop has no vista upgrades .
my husband upgraded us to vista and i 'm sad to say that it lost it 's dvr and tv capability , and the memory card slot no longer works .
and all the buttons next to the power are not working either .
still , without it 's other features the laptop works great.although another plus is that the drive partitioned without any problems and we 're also running ubuntu on this laptop .

1
i bought this machine after reading a favorable review in consumer 's reports and laptoplogic.com .
i would recommend trying one first at a best buy or circuit city.pros : - attractive design - thinner and more eye-pleasing than m35/m35x predecessor- exceptional sound from built-in speakers , though deeper bass is lacking- quiet keyboard with easy-to-depress keys , though see issues below- trubrite display produced excellent images- touchpad is smooth and has good tactile feel- sonoma platform with 533mhz fsb- solid wifi performance- wide array of connectivity options : 3 usb 2.0 ports , firewire , sd/mmc/xd/ms/ms pro media card slot- very quiet and cool to the touch - fan came on rarely and made a pleasant sound when running- toshiba power management and system management software : touch and launch , acoustic silencer , graphical wifi utility- s-video ( tv out ) for connection to projectors and tvscons : - trubrite display exhibits lots of glare , though this is common on nearly all glossy lcd's- lacks dvi output and express card- display exhibits too much flex and seems fragile- poor 3d performance due to integrated graphics and shared memory- below average battery life- slower 333mhz ddr memory rather than newer 533mhz ddr2 memory , though lower latency ( cl 2.5 ) generally compensates for slower speed- keyboard seems slightly cramped and is shifted to the right rather than centered ; dedicated windows key is inconveniently located in upper-right area of keyboard- relatively low-resolution 1280 x 800 display ( 98 ppi ) , though trubrite has good color & contrast

1
having never owned a laptop , i do n't know how this laptop compares with similar models within the price range , but i 'm reasonably impressed with the performance thus far ( minor annoyances aside . )
i purchased the laptop primarily for it 's mobility and the ability to send and receive streaming media ( video ) online .
i was not disappointed .
the processor is fast enough to handle the demands i 've placed upon it ; the images are vivid , crisp and clear .
audio is excellent , however , the low volumn level is disappointing .
if you plan to use this laptop for music , be prepared to use external speakers.i imagine the touch pad is standard for laptops , huh ?
probably takes a while to learn how to use it effortlessly , but my wife and i found it annoying .
i returned to the store the following day to purchase a wireless mouse , keyboard placement is awkward if you 're used to using a pc key .
the keys are a bit small too .
fortunately , working with video does n't require much typing , so i can easily overlook the keyboard.i ca n't ignore how quickly the battery depletes .
i had planned to use this laptop for product demonstrations away from home .
unless i 'm near an electrical outlet , i ca n't expect more than 1 or 2 hrs of use .
kinda inhibits my purposes of being mobile.i was n't in the market for a dvd player/burner , so i consider this a bonus .
i 've never liked dvds in the widescreen format , but i think the 15 ' screen makes the widescreen format look more acceptible to me now .
( probably closer to theatre screen dimensions . )
much better than watching a dvd via the television .
it 's worth mentioning , though , that images appear distorted unless you sit directly in front of the screen .
again , i 'm new to this so i do n't know whether this is common with laptops or not.overall , i think this toshiba has been a quality purchase .
a 4 rating may be a bit high , but this laptop deserves a better rating than just `` good '' .

1
i 've been using mine for a year and have found no particular difficulties , except for the glare from the screen .
on the other hand , i 've received comments from other users admiring the quality of the display and its size .
perfectly acceptable system for office work and software development .
when i get ready to retire this laptop , i 'll almost certainly buy another .
have had no problems with it at all .

1
i wrote the review below a month after i bought this laptop .
but i am back here after 7 months to edit it.the blue screen is gone !
it does n't appear anymore .
i contacted the toshiba guys but they said i would have to take it to the nearest dealer .
i never bothered but fortunately it does n't show up anymore.one thing that i want to add now is the keys being cheap .
the keypad is not very nice and few days ago , one of the keys got stuck to the pad and i tried taking it out .
guess what , the key jumped out !
so now i am living without the 'control ' key because the warranty does n't allow for cosmetic changes.my review a month after i bought it -- -- i bought toshiba satellite m45 more than a month ago from amazon .
its a beauty .
everyone 's who 's seen it says it looks great with wide screen and fantastic wireless card.but there 's one glitch .
its looks like an ms-dos blue screen which comes on from nowhere .
it asks me to uninstall any new software that i might have installed or contact the manufacturer .
its scary !
i did contact amazon guys ( coz i bought it from them ) and they said that i should reinstall the softwares .
i did that and it helped for like a week but the 'blues ' are back again.i generally reboot the notebook but obviously it does n't eliminate the problem.i suggested a friend of mine to buy the same laptop before i ever saw the blue screen but she 's is also experiencing the same problem.now when i look at the reviews this machine has got , nobody has mentioned this problem so perhaps its with few machines only .
so in case you decide to buy it , inform toshiba / amazon immediately when you face this problem for the first time.rest of it absolutely fabulous .
great buy that way .

1
it 's now 2007 and it 's been two years since i purchased this laptop .
i 've seen the various reviews written about this laptop here and i really do n't know what to say about the negative ones .
my laptop is used by my wife and myself everyday , plus it 's used by several members of my family , so i guess that i can speak for how well it has held up to use and abuse so far .
i have yet needed to take it in for repairs , but i have needed to perform a repair to it by myself .
the repair was simple .
it was the bezel that surrounds the display , and it recently broke in one place and i went online and purchased another and replaced it.the only thing that i have ever upgraded early on and that was the memory .
i maxed it out to a full 2gigs .
i did switch out the window xp home edition for the professional version.this is my second toshiba laptop , and the only negative things that i can say about it is what i miss from my first toshiba laptop .
this laptop 's audio/sound is very basic at least , and comes across as a little weak .
the other thing that i miss is an expansion bay .
the dvd is a permanent fixture where an expansion would have been , but i have learned to use an external usb hard drive to backup any data that i need.this toshiba has been a workhorse and the way that i see it is that it should last at least another two to three years before i need to replace it .
will i get a third toshiba ?
it depends on the battles between my needs , my wants , and my pocketbook .

1
i got this notebook for college and i have to say its been pretty smooth sailing since i bought it .
i bought it from best buy which i highly recomend to anyone really interested , because if you go when there 's a sale , you can get a bundled pack so you can get printers/scanners and additonal software for a pretty good price.pros : - decent amount of memory- pretty stable- thin & light ( i have to say it looks sexy : ) ) - the speakers are really good for built in'scons : - the battery life is really below averageso if you just want a notebook for school/ home this is a pretty good investment .

1
i have three weeks with this computer .
up to now it has been reliable , fast and do not become hot on duty which is very important to me .
the only thing i do not like so much is the screen size and shape , it is not square , it is kind of retangular , maybe because i am used to squared screen monitors that i find it weird .

1
first time notebook owner .
partner , who is an it admin , also thinks its a nice notebook , and is now shopping for one as a result of this purchase .
: ) brightscreen and display very nice .
snappy processer , battery life around 3 hours with internet and some video downloads with 6 cell standard battery .
plays neverwinter nights at max graphics game settings .
however if you want a notebook that can play doom 3 you may need to look elsewhere .
very easy to carry notebook around , lightweight and study case .
heat is an irritant ; the fan/cpu are on the left hand side , and it can warm up your lap quite fast .
am looking at purchasing a cooling blanket to assist both lap and laptop .
: ) .
i can see that if hearing fan noise is irritating , it could be an issue.will also be upgrading the ram from 2 x 256 the notebook came with-however that is enough for what i use the notebook for .
( surfing the net , dvd 's , writing , emails , some light game playing ) .
considering the amazon price rebate and the 100 mail in rebate , a great notebook .
chose the amd 64 for `` futureproofing `` also with windows longhorn out next year .
already have a carry case so did not get the targus.our pug managed to knock the laptop off a shelf on the 1st day of ownership and there 's not a mark or dent , and the notebook 's carried on fine since .
lance armstrong badging quite tasteful.overall , would recommend this laptop with a gentle warning about the heat if using overlong on the lap or in bed .

1
nice and light and shows good performance.hard drive ( 80 gb ) is a big above the average on the market .
good to have xp pro also.i do n't like so much the sound , but that 's not so relevant to me .
the design looks fine , but the material seems fragile.has very good features for it 's price.the case with comes with the notebook is oversized but useful ... .and free.glad to contribute with lance amstrong 's fundation.i 'm very satisfied .

1
the hp lance armstrong special edition notebook is a lot of computer for the price .
it has every feature and capacity that i wanted , including an onboard bluetooth modem .
it has wifi too .
the hp l2005us is a good looking laptop and is light in weight .
the wide rectangle shape and briteview screen gives the computer a modern appearance .
the amd turion 64 processor seemed as functional as any intel product .
the hard drive was large by laptop standards and there was plenty of ram .
the machine has more ports and slots than i have ever seen on a mid-range laptop-including a 6-in-1 digital media reader for memory cards .
the lance armstrong special edition has windows xp professional edition system installed .
all of these pluses influenced my decision , but the main thing i wanted to find in a new laptop was a top of the line cd/dvd drive that both read and would burn dvds -- more about this later.although this lance armstrong laptop is sold as a hewlett packard machine it is probably a compaq in disguise .
i have no idea how much of this machine is simply compaq equipment and systems with hp badges on the surface , but i ran into a number of indications ( help feature , startup logo , and etc . )
that made me suspicious.the battery in the laptop is a six cell unit , but a twelve cell is available .
the hypertransport feature found in the amd technology is supposed to enable longer battery life and to reduce heat generation .
i am not sure what the battery life and heat generation would be without that hypertransport thing , but this computer heats up a lot and the battery life seemed about average to me.the bundled software includes the usual junk and promotional versions of programs like microsoft office 2003 student and teacher edition trial version and adobe photoshop album and microsoft muvee autoproducer , but there is some good stuff in there too .
the laptop includes windvd player , microsoft money and windows media player 10 .
the sonic recordnow cd rw program that hewlett packard seems to load in its laptops has never been one of my favorites.the lance armstrong special edition is packaged with a number of items related to the lance armstrong ( cancer ) foundation and armstrong 's bicycling fame .
the price of the computer includes a fifty dollar donation to the foundation and is income tax deductible .
there are yellow earbud headphones , a yellow lance armstrong foundation rubber bracelet and a little black bag packed in the box .
the laptop itself has a big livestrong logo on the lid and the keyboard has a lance armstrong autograph ( simulation ) in the lower right hand corner .
i should say in all honesty , none of this influenced my final decision to buy the computer .
i bought the hpl2005us because it had the features i wanted and the price was right.now for the bad news : i spent three days configuring my new laptop and loading some software i wanted to use .
the installations went ok , but i thought some of the set up was sort of twitchy .
finally , i was ready to try out the dvd+rw drive to burn a practice dvd .
much to my disappointment the drive was apparently defective .
the drive would never read/right or even recognize a dvd disc .
it would n't even play a `` store bought '' dvd movie .
i tried everything including three different disc brands and formats .
after two days of this i concluded the lance armstrong special edition laptop had arrived with a broken cd/dvd drive.i decided to send the machine back to amazon.com and hoped to get a refund .
this turned out to be an easy and satisfactory process .
i packed up the computer as best i could .
i then followed the instructions on the amazon.com web site , printed out a mailing label and took the boxed up computer to a united parcel service drop store , as instructed , where they stuck the label on and sent it away .
there was no charge at the ups store and i was able to track my package back to amazon.com via the ups web site .
after a week or so i received an e-mail from amazon.com telling me my credit card account was being credited for the full price that i had paid for the computer .
i was not out a penny .
frankly , i was surprised that this all went so smoothly.the return process with amazon.com was my first encounter with that service .
it went perfectly and i considered this experience one of the better parts of my involvement with the lance armstrong special edition laptop.i would recommend the lance armstrong laptop computer on the assumption the faulty cd/dvd drive in the one i bought was an anomaly .
i would also recommend amazon.com without reservation .
i have been an amazon.com customer for many years and my somewhat complicated experience with this laptop computer has made me even happier with the company .

1
loving this notebook pc after receiving it 3 days ago.only change i would have made by custom ordering it would be a ram upgrade , but that 's easy to do aftermarket.
( ... ) amazon has the best price i found.hooray for lance !
!
and supporting the laf !
the promo free targus 17 '' citygear l.a. bag is very nice , but way oversize for this notebook .
a much better choice would be the targus citygear ny 15 '' model with still some room to spare.but hey , free is free .
still , would be better if it was the right size case in the offer .
check the dimensions .

1
i had bought my laptop used from ebay , and the performance on this machine is very good .
i had mine upgraded to 512mb of ram , including a combo dvd/cd burner , which really made this thing pretty powerful .
i also bought a wireless card with this laptop which made getting on the internet a breeze .
i used this laptop for all of my college needs , and i highly recommend it those who want to get a good laptop at a low price .
the only thing that bothered me about this computer is the small 6gb hard drive , but you can always buy a bigger hard drive or just get an external one .
overall , this laptop is the alternative , affordable choice for basic computing and internet needs .

1
i got this laptop 7 or 8 years ago .
i 'm just now looking to replace it and that it how i stumbled i came upon these reviews.maybe i 've been very lucky , but i 'd have to say that this laptop has done it 's job very well .
for starters , i needed something cheap ( ~ $ 750 , as i recall ) that could primarily perform basic tasks .
no probs there .
and no others for the last 8 years , with the exception that the battery did die on my a few years ago .
that 's a bummer , but , i think , a common problem not limited to gateway.now , the power connection or the ac adapter itself is having problems and sometimes it goes on an extended jag of giving me pop up msgs that i need to reconnect the ac because the battery is about dead .
also , one of the keyboard letters got stuck at a weird angle and i popped it off trying to fix it .
that 'll never go back on .
along with everything else , screen technology has improved greatly so my screen looks pretty dull compared to newer machines.still , we are talking about a very old laptop , here .
if my next one gives me anywhere near this level of service i 'll be a very happy man .

1
computer works great .
the only beef i have with it is the fact that it only came with 512 ram .
i ordered 2 gigs and now it cooks , and i can play games onine and such with no problems .
( everquest , command and conquer : zero hour , stronghold 2 ) .i have n't used all the features yet , but i fully intend to .
i love this computer and would buy it again .

1
this laptop is perfect for the on the go user .
it has a led keyboard light , a battery that acts as a grip , thin lcd screen , and integrated wireless .

1
this baby is a heavy carry & i 've burned out more ac adapters & batteries than i 'd like to mention - but this baby is over 5 years old and still going .
as long as you have anti-virus installed , you should n't have any problems .

1
i 've been living with this laptop for about 5 months and am finally ready to write a review.first off , this amazing machine is not made for portability or business ( on the go ) use .
its main function is a desktop replacement .
it 's large , heavy , hot and has crappy battery life .
if you 're looking for a notebook that is going to be constantly on the road with you , this is not the one.now that that 's out of the way ... .here 's the positives .
what stands out the most is its value .
i paid approx $ 1500.00 from best buy after rebates .
now 5 months later i bet you can get it even cheaper !
and that $ 1500.00 got me the following:17 '' widescreen xbrite display / full size keyboard2.8ghz p4 ht1gb pc3300 ram80gb hard drive128mb ati x60016x dl +/- rw / dvdintegrated bluetooth , ir , and wireless wifi b/g4 usb 2.0windows xp media center w/ external tuner boxnow , i defy anybody to find a laptop this stacked for that price .
if you price up a dell or sony ... .or pretty much any brand with the same hardware , i guarantee the price will be well over 2gs .
most i have configured are over the $ 2000 mark without my system specs .
too bad cnet never seems to mention that in all its laptop comparisons.the 17 '' screen looks great and have absolutely no complaints about it .
the 2.8ghz ht p4 and the 1gb ram make any project a breeze .
it 's 128mb ati card gets the job done when it comes to gaming also .
i 'm able to play games like fear and battlefield 2 at 1027*768 with details set to medium .
however , if you 're able to find or afford the optional 256mb card , i suggest springing for it ... just for that added punch.the dvd drive also works like a dream .
it rips and burns dvds like a champ , plus i love the dual layer option ... i just wish the price would come down on the media.and it goes without saying all the wireless functions work great .
i get connectivity with the b/g in a lot of places my desktop cant .
the reception seems above average.an added extra which i love that came with media edition is the external tuner box .
it plugs in via a usb 2.0 port and connects up to 3 video devices using coax/s video and component , plus has extra inputs for fm antenna .
i 've tinkered around with the box and software , all of which are easy to use and reliable .
i just might have to retire the tivo soon !
in closing , if your looking for a desktop replacement or do n't plan on moving the laptop out of the house often , you simply cant beat the value and hardware with this machine !

1
i 'm a full time student and working professional .
six months after plopping down the full retail value for this box , here 's the pros , and here 's the kinks : pros-great screen .
no dull spots .
does video and even some high end games really well .
sometimes we just put it on top of the tv and watch videos straight off the box.sound system rocks .
i 've completely abandoned any portable speakers .
there 's no need .
it will fill a room by itself .
the bass is low in these circumstances , but i mean , it works.keyboard and layout works well .
sometimes you accidentally brush the touch pad , but you can turn it off with a thumb .
you do n't even have to stop the keystrokes.processing capability turns back flips .
i do media editing on it regularly .
handles photoshop , illustrator , and dreamweaver like a pro.the wireless assistant is probably the best stock wireless searching program ever .
this is probably on all the new xp installs , but it 's worth talking about.it looks really cool and it fits everywhere.side mounted everything is really convenient .
my brother got a gateway at about the same time and is really jealous of those.cons : it 's a chunk .
this sucker gets heavy hauling it around all day.the trim along the lower right corner busted off about three weeks after i got it.it 's loud .
almost too loud to use in class .
also , the cd drive rattles.i 've gotten several cd 's stuck in mine.the batteries are crap .
even on max battery , i only got about 2 hours battery life.it gets too hot .
sometimes it even shuts down .
it straight up needs more heat sinks.the harddrive is slow and it slows down the rest of the machine when you 're hitting it hard.it 's too big to use on an airplane.the sticky keys function annoys me sometimes.overall : ass kicking box .
great value , great performance .
i do n't see how you could be disappointed .
the core components of the system are all first rate .

1
excellent product , as evidenced by its short supply .
this is the ideal desktop replacement .
you get a lot of bang for your buck .
i purchased three already for friends and am going to get a fourth one next week .

1
toshiba satellite a85-s107 15 '' notebook pc is genarally a good laptop .
the screen is bright and sharp and the speakers are better than average .
perfect for office xp and interneting .
i even run some basic photoshoping with it without much effort ; i had to upgrade the memory to 768 mb .
the only con is the average battery life .
also the laptop get hot ; this is typical of most laptop i think .
i solved the problem by using a laptop cooler .

1
i 've owned `` new '' inspirons that i paid twice as much as for this latitude..hands down the latitude is simply a better machine even if it it reconditioned .
the latitude is more consistent , sturdier and holds power longer .
i was so disappointed by my inspiron that i do n't think i would ever buy another one .
as far as i am concerned , dell is lucky that i would buy any product .
but the latitude is as good a product as the inspiron is bad .
go figure .

1
as a sophomore at unca and on a seriously constricted budget , i discovered very quickly that in order to keep up with my work and class work , i would need portable options that were fast , efficient , and capable of my needs .
with my particular latitude c600 runs of 1 ghz pentium mobile , 256 ram , 20gb hard drive + my portable 40gb hard drive and cdrw disk drive , i could n't have found a better solution to my problems for a price tag around $ 250 and a two year warranty on it and its proven to be a very solid machine .
weighing in around about 5.5 pounds , it slides into my school bag and works perfectly in my classes with the power to run all the documents and presentations i need , still play games and watch youtube and videos , and for a older machine , runs much faster than my room mates compaq presario that 's only four months old that has experienced several crashes and thats with all the modern options and with vista operating systems over my xp pro.some pro 's i 've noticed with the latitude : reliable performance , very nice clear display , excellent processing speed , comfortable design in the keyboard , parts for this puppy are cheap and easy to come by ... some irritating little cons that keep this from being a five star would include : the dual mouse design can be irritating , touch sensitivity in the touch pad can sometimes open and close windows at random ... otherwise i have a high level of satisfaction with the dell latitude c600 and were i to get into a pinch again and needed another computer for some odd reason , i would n't hesitate in purchasing another c600 to fill the need .
this latitude has served me well and proved to be a true student 's friend in terms of price and functionality .
not new , but certainly not a bad alternative for those who are frugal and in need of a machine capable of doing what they need it to do.for those out there searching for machines with all the modern toys and functions , i do not recommend this computer for them do to the fact that this laptop is more of a workhorse than a toy and should be respected for its reliability and steady performance on the go .
for its age , its still holding its own ...

1
we bought the mailbug for my ninety year old mother .
she had used the mailstation for several years .
it was always a problem because the screen and the keyboard were way too small .
the mailbug is great with its larger keyboard and much larger , backlit screen .
it is also very easy to use which makes a huge difference .
it was also very easy to get her up and going .
it took a couple calls to get through , but when i did they were very helpful and nice and we set it up in a minute .
i would recommend this to anyone .
good job mailbug !

1
i purchased the mailbug to give my 86 year old mother to be able to send and receive emails without having access to the internet .
since this shares a standard phone line it was quick and simple to setup .
mailbug was designed with non computer literate elderly people in mind .
it is very easy to use and it only took me a few minutes to get my mother up and running .
she loves the fact that she can now keep up with all the grandchildren .
since they have been selling these form about 13 years they have all the bugs worked out .
i called customer support to setup the original email address and they were absolutely marvelous .
i would highly recommend this unit .

1
i bought a mailstation and after two weeks of rude and unhelpfulmailstation.com help i bought a mailbug and was i really happy.not only was setup extremely easy it can pick up other e-mail accounts and news , stocks etc .
mailstation ( earthlink ) has far too many bugs and its staff does not even know its features , much less troubleshoot .
do not buy a mailstation , its junk .
pay a few dollars more for a quality product ( mailbug ) and far more useful .
earthlink will not survive with its service .
it stinks !

1
my husband and i got my mother and his mother a mailbug this past christmas and they just love them !
they have saved themselves a fortune in long distant phone calls and no stamps to run to the post office for .
they have contact with everyone now and love to send as well as receive e-mail .
my mother refers to it as & quot ; my buddy & quot ; .

1
i bought this for my mom -- who knows nothing about computers .
it took only moments to set it up , get her access and about 15 minutes of instructions and off she went !
she carries it with her everywhere and has thanked me a thousand times for it .
mom travels alot and it is difficult to keep track of her ( short of having a gps implanted ) .
my 6 siblings who are scattered across the country and i have found it much easier to contact her on the mailbug than on her cell phone ( she hates to turn the thing on ) .
there is a lot of convenience in being able to plug it into any phone line to send/receive messages .
the one disadvantage is that you are not able to send pictures or attachments -- but that 's ok. we now know where our mom is and what she is up to !

1
after reading the reviews here i knew this would be the answer for my 82- year-old mil .
she physically was no longer able to write letters and missed her correspondence ability terribly .
the mailbug has been a godsend !
she hears from family and friends so much more regularly , and for the friends who do n't `` do '' email she sends the email to me and i print it out to include in an envelope .
i 'm sure no one has problems reading her letters now !
mind you , she never typed before in her life -- but she picks & pecks along just great , and it 's easier on her than trying to handwrite anything .
plus she 's learned the art of emailing all 3 grandchildren at once when she needs to !
the red blinking indicator light is terrific -- lets us know when she has email , or we have voice mail ( a nice bonus benefit ) .
it 's pretty simple to use for most computer-illiterate folks .
and there is no risk of spam or viruses.my only wish is that the mailbug could work wireless ( like a cordless phone ) because the power cord , phone line , and one other cord do become a tangled mess.i would give this 10 stars if i could .

1
i bought this for my only cousin who lives far away .
now i can talk to her anytime i want to !
she also has made connections with old friends and some new ones too !
she had never used a computer or anything like it.the instructions were simple .
the fee to get it going is only $ 9.00 a month .
she is absolutely delighted with the mailbug ... ... ... thank you so much for a quality product and very quick delivery !
sally

1
i bought this for my sister who refuses to use a computer .
her adult daughter just moved to india and it is a great tool for her to correspond with my niece !
thank you .

1
my uncle was looking for a simple email appliance and was n't quite sure if they made one or how to go about getting one ... so he put me on the task .
after many hours of research i found the mail bug to be the highest rated , so i put it in my cart and had it sent to him .
keep in mind he has never not once used a computer .
it arrived at his house and the next day he was emailing the whole family just saying hi and in general being really excited with his new gadget .
it 's been 3 months now and he 's still loving it , loving it so much in fact that he 's just asked me to order him a second one for his home in hawaii !
no problems , no errors , no difficulties and no prior experience !
i would recommend this product to anyone and everyone .
i did n't get one single call from him asking how to set it up or how to activate it or anything , just an email saying hi .

1
i just received my mailbug and it 's just what i needed and more .
i 'm so pleased .
i have a vacation home and did not want to invest in another computer or laptop though e-mail is a way of life for me now .
when i heard of e-mail terminals and research them , mailbug had all the features i wanted especially the larger keyboard .
i also have the ability to retrieve my e-mail from mailbug even when i 'm not at my vacation home .
i am so thrilled with its features and the technical service which had me up and running within minutes .
the various service plans gives me the flexibility i need .

1
the title says it all .
it does n't get on the internet .
it does n't connect to a printer .
it does n't accept pictures .
it just sends and receives text emails ; and it 's easy with clearly understandable menus that lead you along .
if you really must print something , you can do it two ways .
you can send a message to a fax machine , or you can forward a message to a computer that has access to a printer .
in our household , i have the computer ; my wife has the mailbug .
the cost is probably less going through amazon.com .
once purchased , the cost of the email service is $ 14.95/mo .
or $ 174.40/year ( saving you $ 5 ) if you pay for a full year from the git-go .
it requires a landline access and uses an toll-free number provided as part of the service from landel ; it ca n't use wifi .
all-in-all , if you want email to be simple , you 've got it with this machine .

1
i purchased this for my parents and they are loving it !
they are able to keep in touch with all their friends and relatives.it is very easy to use and landel customer support has been very helpful and friendly if they have a question .
we are now in the process of getting one for my aunt so she can join in the family emails.i highly reccommend it for anyone who does not have a computer !
!

1
my mother is 75 and did n't want a computer , but wanted to be able to stay in touch with family and friends through email .
the machine is easy for her to use and it allows her to communicate with us .

1
the landel lt-301 mailbug is a very good product and easy to use i would buy three or four for my friends at the cancer society if i got a good deal !

1
my grandmother was not interested in the internet or a computer .
this mailbug keeps her in touch with family and old friends across the country , all the way from hawaii .
it is simple to use , small and very convenient if you are not into a computer , email programs , pop ups , etc ... .she is very happy and thanks me all the time .
she 's 88 and it gives her smiles each day !

1
if they are over 80 and have never used a pc without help , this may not be what you want .
it is good and works as advertised it 's just not for everyone ... .
it is n't what worked for us .
maybe a voice activated machine that can cope with an 80+ year old 's idiosyncrasies that is able to read minds also ... ... ... ... .
: )

1
i purchased this for my 87 years old mother and father and they love using it .
it is easy to understand .
great purchase

1
my 88 year old mother had no computer/typing experience when we bought her the mailbug .
it has been a fabulous tool to help us all stay in touch on a daily basis .
the set-up is easy , the cost is reasonable , and the monthly charge with landel is affordable .

1
i bought this for my elderly mom several years ago and she loves it .
she is now in a nursing home and still using it , still loving it .
she was able to use it right away as it is simple and intuitive .
no security software is required , so mom did n't have to fuss with all that .
no , it does n't receive photos or attachments , but it is perfect at doing what it 's designed to do : send and receive text emails .
the service provider is reliable and has kind , helpful staff to assist with any questions or problems .
anyone who is baffled by a computer or all those security pop-ups or who has never used a computer and does n't want to learn all that 's required to use one will find this little machine to be wonderfully simple .
sometimes simpler really is better !

1
landel was very helpful and polite both with questions before the purchase and with the setup of the account .
setup was easy .
operation was straightforward which was important since this was going to a relative with no computer exposure .
i did n't have to leave voice mails .
there was a coupon from amazon where landel would credit you with 3 months of service .
i mailed the coupon just expecting to have the ~ $ 30 credited to my account and was suprised to get a call from landel to tell me that they had received the coupon and the ~ $ 30 would be credited immediately .
they certainly did n't have to call .
the only thing i would wish for was some means of printing locally .
could we have a plug to attach a fax .

1
being in the i.t /i.s business for 2 years now i 've delt with many laptops but all of them windows based , with the exception of the thinkpad series , everything else drove me nuts , windows locking up , having to disconnect the battery and the ac to restart , battery life only lasting about 2- 2.5 hours before dying.and then i used this g4 laptop .
3.5-4 hours per battery , no show stopping operating system errors , unix based os so i can have a useful command line interface that gets things done .
and the best screen on a laptop to date .
there are some minor issues that i can nitpick , ethernet cables that have those boots over the release prong dont really work too well , the monitor hinge covers the area where you would stick your finger to depress it , i had to depress it with a pen , until i ripped the rubber boot off , since then its been fine .
the machine and the power adapter get pretty toasty , sit the machine literally on your lap for about 2-3 hours and it will get uncomfortable , on a table it does n't matter .
also i 'm rapidly getting myself into osx 10.1.1 and my laptop did not have a copy of the developer tools in it , apparently if you purchase osx retail the box will include the tools , i find that to be silly , the download is gon na weight in at 130mb , not fun .
other then those little things , this laptop is amazing .

1
i 've had my powerbook since mid march .
it was n't a few days ago that i realized that i made the switch from a pc user to apple user when booted up my pc for the first time in a couple of weeks for the purpose of moving all my personal files from big clunky pc to the powerbook.i 'm not even going to get into how cool this thing looks , you can see in the picture that this an extremely handsome piece of hardware ... i 'll delve right into the reason why you 'd should buy this thing .
lets face it , these things cost an awful lot of money and it would be quite foolish to buy this thing on its good looks alone.as a lot of you know , apple has completely redone the operating system that they ship with this thing ( os x ) .
to cut to the point , its a flavor of the bsd operating system with a mac gui called aqua running on top of it.what does that mean you ask ?
its running on a flavor of the unix operating system which will rarely crash , if ever .
so if you 're into tinkering around with gnu/linux or the like , you 'll love this thing .
if you always hear about all the cool things that computer hacker types can do with computers but have no idea in where to start with these things you 'll love this thing too .
apple has a gui called that runs on top of it that has all the cool stuff that can take hours setting up yourself as simple as ( literally ) clicking on a button that says start.for instance , if you have a connection to the internet ( dialup , cable modem , dsl , etc . )
you can set this laptop up to be a full fledged unix server that can host your web pages and that you can telnet into in a matter of seconds ( go into system preferences and click start ) .
so you wo n't have to spend hours trying to set this up if its not your thing .
if it is your thing , you can still get into the guts of the computer and do it at the command prompt as you would in linux.the one thing that i was very weary about in buying this thing was can you find software for this thing and will the stuff i use on windows work on this .
to quickly answer it , yes microsoft office , photoshop files , mp3s , etc .
all work perfectly fine once you transfer them over .
if your into that sort of thing , there 's just as many peer to peer sharing programs for apple as there are for windows , the mac ones might even be better.as for the downsides of this thing ... there are a few but none that should stop anyone from thinking of checking out the powerbook from not buying it.the battery life is not as good as advertised - if you plan on using this for extended amounts of time before recharging it ( over three hours ) you should strongly consider getting the extra battery .
also rumor has it that since its so thin that the dust and grease from your fingers that get on the keys can damage the lcd when its closed ( that has n't happened to me but i believe it ... putting a piece of paper between the keyboard on lcd when you store it solves this problem ) .software wise my only complaint is dialup connections are painfully slow .
a 52k connection seems like it may as well be a 14.4 connection .
if you have any type of a high speed internet access this will not effect you one bit.that 's my take on this machine .
i think its the greatest thing in computing since the internet explosion and i just wanted to put in my two cents on it.dan

1
i just replaced a whole pile of older apple gear ( including a 500 mhz icebook ) with this model ( the g4/667/dvd ) .
it was well worth it .
the ibook is a great mac for the money , but the newest powerbook g4 systems are just great macs , period .
the speed is fast for virtually any task , and os x 10.1 is snappy in a way that the g3-based systems ca n't touch .
the improved radeon mobility video ( with double the vram of the older g4 ) improves display performance , and mirroring is snappy , without the lag that some mirrored displays have been known to show .
it fully supports the resolution of the apple cinema display ( with an adapter , though - the powerbook only has vga out ) .
performance on the latest builds of the os x dvd player is excellent thus far , and it can use the full screen for a simulated 16:9 effect .
built-in networking options include 10/100/1000 ( ! )
ethernet , an included v.90 modem , and an integrated airport card supporting 128-bit wep ( broken though wep is ) .apple also addressed most of the design flaws from the original g4 series - the port cover in the back now has slits machined into it for better ventilation , the body flexes a little less , and disc alignment does n't seem to be the problem it was in some earlier models .
airport range is improved , though still nowhere near as good as what you can get with the ibook series - the antennas are quite limited by the metal case ( faraday cage , anyone ? )
.
the new power adapter is a big improvement over the previous & quot ; flying saucer & quot ; design , as well .
chances are good that you 'll never need to connect anything to the built-in cardbus slot , but one is provided in case 1 6-pin firewire port , 2 usb ports , vga and s-video out , and the integrated ethernet , modem and wireless are n't enough for you .
go figure.what can i quibble about ?
well , i still hope they find a better way to integrate the airport antenna .
a dvd/cd-rw combo drive like the one in the ibook would be nice - but apparently none currently are available to fit the super-slim slot-loading format the g4 uses .
heat distribution is n't bad , but the back right corner can occasionally get uncofortable under heavy use .
and finally , the keyboard is held in place by magnets as well as the little clips apple uses - those magnets attach with adhesive to the keyboard bottom ( and grab the metal in the inner case ) , and have a habit of the adhesive getting loose .
easily fixed , but a little annoying .
really nothing i 'd take points away for.all in all , this is by far the best laptop i 've used or owned ( and i 've had a lot of them ) .
no , the g4 does n't offer the sheer processing speed of the latest mobile pentium and athlon processors , but the combination of a spectacular screen , light weight , good battery life , and general engineering is n't matched by anything on the market i know of .
as an added bonus , the powerbook g4 even runs virtual pc very well if you really need windows in your life .

1
this is an outstanding laptop to use .
the extra inch of screen makes most programs easier to use ( you can put the os x dock on the left or right ) , and it is a comfortable size to type on or carry .
this laptop is a significant jump in design from the previous , black , powerbook g3 laptops .
apparently , the latest model has a slightly textured case , to prevent the chance of dropping it .

1
what 's new ?
1 .
667 mhz g4 ( up from 500 mhz ) 2 .
667 mhz 256 kb l2 cache ( changed from 250 mhz 1 mb l2 cache ) 3 .
133 mhz system bus ( up from 100 mhz ) 4 .
512 mb pc133 sdram until end of 2001 ( up from 256 mb pc100 ) 5 .
quieter 30 gb hard disk ( up from 20 gb ) 6 .
6x dvd-rom drive ( up from 4x ) 7 .
ati mobility radeon agp 4x graphics with 16 mb ddr ram ( changed from ati mobility rage agp 2x with 8 mb sdram ) -- much greater performance , higher resolution when driving external display8 .
gigabit ethernet9 .
improved i/o for faster firewire throughput ( as much as 2x greater bandwidth ) 10 .
built-in airport card ( was optional ) 11 .
improved airport reception range12 .
a/c power connector glows then connected to the outlet13 .
redesigned , smaller a/c adapter14 .
higher capacity battery ( 55.3-watt-hour vs. 50 ) , but similar overall battery life15 .
improved fit and finish ( e.g.
, battery holder , touchpad ) 16 .
cooler operating temperature17 .
keyboard layout change ( 2nd command key , elimination of 2nd option key ) 18 .
improved keyboard feedback ( less spongy ) 19 .
includes os x.1 and os 9.2 ( changed from ox x and os 9.1 )

1
this powerbook is awesome and it is a huge jump over the previous 400/500 series powerbooks .
first off , the new video card makes dvd 's and games run very smooth , i 've never once experienced a glitch .
second , i do believe this runs a bit cooler too b/c of the minor vent changes .
firewire runs at a better speed than the rev .
1 pb and not to mention the 33mhz bus boost and faster processor too .
i have n't had a crash with osx and run exclusively on it including photoshop6/illustrator 9 .
and the new poweradapter is awesome , you 'll have to see it .
last , the ditch of the second option for the apple/command key is great , no more offensive hand gestures .
as with the previous build , it 's got a titanium exterior , lightweight , long batterylife , yadda yadda yadda ...

1
this is a beautiful computer .
i have no complaints .
i love it !

1
after reading reviews about the powerbook getting hot , i had almost given up on buying powerbook and was thinking of buying a wintel machine .
saw it perform at my friends place .
this thing is really cool , i could play dvds for like 3 hours before the battery warning came up .
if you want to buy a computer forget about buying a desktop , this machine roars , 30 gb hard disk with 1 gb ram this is better than any laptop available in the market .
kudos to steve and apple .
unix is back and windows is out .
i ran 11 apps at one time and this os x did not crash , this stuff is amazing .
if you are a programmer , or a gamer osx is the best thing that could happen .

1
i run the last kde 3.5 version of mepis on this machine and it works amazingly well .
the lcd 's color is n't perfect , and only 1 usb .
other than that , it does everything i need and more .

1
originally the apple ibook laptop that i received was not the requested 600-mhz powerpc g3 , 128 mb ram , 20 gb hard drive .
when the seller was made aware of this , they immediately sent me not just the originally requested laptop , but an upgraded 800mhz/256mb ram/30gb hdd model , as well as a partial refund !
thanks to exceptional service by this seller , i now have an excellent computer .

1
this is simply the best computer i 've owned .
i 've owned pc 's and macs .
no doubt , macs are by far superior .
i wish i could afford another [ $ $ $ ] for a g4 powerbook , but since i ca n't , i got this one .
i ca n't believe the power , versatility , and the attention from others .
as someone who writes software , and attends school full time as a law student , this computer does it all .
my only complaint , hard-drive is small , so i bought an external firewire drive to store non-essential data .
dang , firewire is fast .
also , i have an ipod .
it is of no `` practical '' use , but try and take it from me and ... .well ... .
the wo n't let me say it here .
let 's just say , i love it.buy and apple , if you can afford a g4 powerbook , get one .
if not , trust another developer the g3 is still kick - a** .

1
this new ibook is the best portable computer on the market .
its capabilities are outstanding , the build quality is exceptional , the design is stunningly clean and efficient .
this is a do anything , be anything computer that you can proudly use in just about any setting , for almost any computing task you can imagine .
sure , a new titanium g4 is faster , but it is so delicate looking i would be afraid of breaking it in daily use .
also , the ibook is roughly half the price .
even pc users are enamored with the ibook 's style and capabilities .
you will not regret a decision to buy this computer .

1
an exceptional product and an excellent deal .
i recommend getting some extra ram anywhere online , very easy to install yourself .
fabulous graphics , the screen is perfection , great sound , wonderful word processing , itunes , imovie , the greatest two operating systems , 9.2 and x .
it 's beautiful and useful to anyone .
perfect in every way .
and weighs less than five pounds .
surpasses all of its price and tech counterparts .

1
with a 600mhz g3 ( approx .
1.2 ghz pentium ) and 128 mb ram , this little computer is a deceptive powerhouse .
portability , durability , and ease of use are the traditional accolades for mac laptops , but this one is the first to pack real value .
the new operating system , the faster chip , and the added storage space make the ibook a perfect investment for college students or business people on the go .
with a dvd player , imovie to edit digital movies , itunes to manage mp3 files , palm software built in , and free word processing software all included , the ibook is ready to become the hub of your digital lifestyle .

1
this is my first laptop , although mine specificly has the dvd/cdrw combo and the 20 gig drive .
i bought it to replace my then 6yo 9500 , which died of burned out motherboard .
the ibook was supposed to be a temporary fix , until a g5 desktop came out .
now that i have used this model for almost 9 months i think my next mac will be an ibook .
i do graphics , and the 12 & quot ; screen is not hard to deal with .
the extra cable , from apple , lets me hook up to a tv , stereo , or projector .
the included monitor adapter lets me hook up to a monitor for a dual screen .
i hope the next ibook i get will let me have an additional screen , instead of mirroring .
the only things i would want for my next model would be the superdrive , to burn cds & amp ; dvds , a longer life battery , and a g5 cpu ( ha ! )
.
right now , in os x , i can get about 3 hours of battery , unless i play a game .
illustrator , golive , & amp ; livemotion all work fine in x. hopefully i will find out how photoshop 7 works on monday !
i have used several desktop models , including a g4 at work , and the quaint , quiet ibook has out-charmed them all .
one other thing : at home i use a full size keyboard & amp ; mouse , and external speakers .
hth !

1
to put it simply , apple 's new ibook is an engineering marvel .
the design is sleek and elegant , yet the case can stand up to a good beating .
the ibook comes with an awesome set of features -- pretty much everything you might need is already part of the package , including firewire , cd-rw drive , and 10/100 ethernet .
despite having a relatively small screen ( 12.1 & quot ; diagonal ) compared to some pc laptops , it still supports a full 1024 x 768 resolution at millions of colors .
the screen is very bright , and the battery , while not quite the 5-hour powerhouse that apple advertises , still manages about three hours doing normal operations .
the 500-mhz g3 processor is spritely and gets things done quickly , although it does n't have quite enough power to do a large amount of movie editing or graphics work.a few drawbacks are as follows : the internal cd burner is only 8x at this time , which is markedly slower than the 16x and 20x external firewire burners available now.the ibook comes with only 128 mb of ram , which is just barely enough for most things .
i would strongly encourage upgrading to at least 256 mb total , as ram is very inexpensive these days.the video memory in the ibook is only 8 mb , with a weak graphics controller as compared to what goes into the g4 desktops .
as such , the ibook is only mediocre at gaming.the 10gb hard drive is already pre-loaded with almost 5gb of software and sample mp3 's , so i would highly recommend upgrading to at least a 20 gb drive.in conclusion , the ibook is a solid purchase for anyone who wants many of the features of a desktop machine , but in a portable package .
the drawbacks listed above are mostly forgiveable , as sacrifices had to be made somewhere to make this such a reasonably-priced machine .
the new ibook no longer has a built-in carrying handle , but apple has managed to trim quite a bit of weight and bulk , making it a joy to use on a daily basis .

1
this thing is the best , i checked one out latly ... it rocks !

1
i am one of those switchers ( apple.com/switch ) .
i worked on mac 5 years ago , loved it but could n't afford one .
so i have spent the last 5 years in the pc family .
just bought the ibook .
it 's absolute perfection .
no problem to switch files , so easy to use .
i now have an ipod , a digital camera .
i completely ( re ) adopted mac 's digital life.have no fear to get rid of your pc and ride a mac .
you will notice the difference .

1
although there are , admittedly , drawbacks to the ibook already mentioned by other reviewers , they pale in comparison to the great advantages of owning one .
first and foremost for me , as a researcher and writer , is the incredible flexibility of the combined operating systems .
and if you install connectix ' virtual windows , you can also run the best of the pc world for the average user , windows 98.i 'm especially impressed with the textedit program on os x ; it gives me the option of writing a document that can easily be imported into many word processing programs , or writing a program of my own in the plain text option .
and , with the unix core accessible through the terminal program , there is n't much left to cover.my only frustration with the machine involves the system software : if a hard restart is necessary , the system clock has to be reset .
i assume that will be fixed in the new release .

1
i must say that this is one of the best investments i have made .
everything about this computer is excellent , itunes , dvd player , cd burner , everything .
the only thing i can complain about is that 10 gb is not enough !
i 've already run out of space !

1
five stars because that 's how well it has behaved over these 4 years or so .
of course , if you compare it to more modern computers it would score considerably less , but that 's why it is no longer on sale here.never a problem , only human error .
i should have learnt more about battery life before mine gave up the ghost after just a year .
i should not have spilt coffee over the keyboard a few months ago .
but let me tell you this is the sturdiest unit i have used and it has served me well.i 'll be sorry to see it go when i upgrade this year , or next.for the record , mine has celeron and has had no permanent compatibility problems with any hardware that can be used with windows 98 .

1
i will discuss the pros and cons of this laptop.i have a compaq presario 1216 us .
this laptop works perfectly for me .
the touch pad is definatly better than the mouse , and i have noticed that i type faster with my laptop 's keyboard rather than my desktops .
the screen picture quality is amazing .
i have had no troubles with it exept that it is a 900 mhz laptop but when i cheak my mhz through the my computer icon it says 450 sometimes evan 250 !
!
the first day i got this laptop i hooked up headphones to it , when i pulled them out the headphone jack on the laptop broke but i think that was just me pulling too hard .
overall i think this laptop is great but it is kinda thick and heavy .

1
dell 's xpi cd is my favorite laptop of all times .
however , it 's not as nimble as it would like to be any more .
so , unfortunately , there 's only reason to keep this baby around : if you want the easiest typing experience available in a laptop.== the good ==the trackball in this machine is by far the best pointing device i 've ever used .
you can drag/click and drag/right-click across the whole screen without contorting your hands or wrists into carpal tunnel syndrome candidates.the keyboard is good , very good - good action on the keys , tactile feedback , and relatively easy to clean.it 's wonderfully solid .
i dropped mine any number of times without suffering screen , keyboard , or other problems.== the bad ==at 166 mhz and 64 mb max ram , it 's not suitable for anything past win98 ( i recommend the most recent win95 , if you have disks ) .the optical drive is read only ( no burning ) and is painfully slow compared ot more recent versions.2.1 gb of storage does n't leave room for much ( this will not be your mp3 storage device ) .for modern internet , you 'll also need some type of pc card ( $ 40-100 ) and there 's no usb built-in.== the ugly ==as much as i love this machine , it 's not worth more than $ 50 in my opinion .
you can get a 30 gig ipod for $ 250 , which will allow you to store more pictures , music , and even software files .
if you 're willing to part with $ 400 , you can get a vista-ready laptop that 's lighter , speedier , and more versatile.== conclusion ==there is one overwhelming reason to buy the xpi : for the trackball .
if you ca n't deal with trackpads , this is the machine for you .
if you only need the machine to write the great american novel while you 're at the beach ... and you do n't need to logon to the net , you 'll be fine with the anemic features .
( make sure you have a home computer that you can synch up with often , to keep this machine from being too cluttered . )
== [ a note about dell ] ==i have bought about 8 dell machines over the years ( for myself or as gifts ) .
i 've never experienced significant problems except for the first machine , which was a nightmare ( the texas-based tech support misdiagnosed the problem on the first call and it took a half-dozen calls and about 30 hours of my time to get it right ) .
however , the company recognized they had sold me a lemon and eventually replaced the machine with a faster version , with more memory , upgraded the hard- and optical-drives .

1
i bought mine as refurbished from compaq factory outlet in february 2002 and i got more than i expected for the price.unit still works ( well , i am no longer running games or numerical computations since amd simetimes overheats . )
, i am suspicous about hdd that it is preparing itself to leave soon ( just sound ) , but what would i expect from notebook with such parameters and price ?
i use it frequently both as home computer as well as mobile notebook for presentations , sharing pictures , music playing etc .
i have never played dvds , but at least for the first year i used it for numerical computations using its full power .

1
note : this thing is great if it is plugged in , but not as good on battery .
it 's still better than anyting with a mobile p3 ... face it , intel does n't make 'em like they used to- amd for speed and stability.but this new one seems to be a lot nicer- i can play 3d games at a good rate ( ok- the video card is n't good for 3d , but this processor rocks !
and i have the 900mhz , not the 1ghz , also , with the games , it did good at 128mb memory , this modle that amazon is selling can be upgraded to 128mb+256mb ) dvd playback is great.also , mine has been dropped several times and still works.this product , being the next improvement to the 1200 series should out perform mine in almost every respect ... except one .
the case of this new modle is ugly .
i like my black one better : - )

1
it was a toss-up between this unit and the 5005-s504 .
other than 1 & quot ; screen size , 256mb ram , and 10gb hdd space , there 's nothing between them .
oh , a subwoofr : ) advice from the forum generally held tha of the two , the 3000 was probably the better bet as it 's second generation - the 5005 is first gen. that way , most of the bugs have been ironed out , and asthetics have been improved this time round.toshiba marketing make no menton whatsoever of it , but the unit uses the newer tualatin p3 cpu .
huge difference to the buyer who knows their terminology !
with a 133mhz fsb , and larger on-die cache , this is how the system can last as long as 3.5 hours on a single battery charge .
that , and a superb power management untility from toshiba.the combo cdrw/dvd drive works like a charm , as does the hot-swapping floppy drive .
the display is based on nvidia 's geforcego , incorporating 16mb of ddr ram .
this shows in the magnificent performance both in office applications and 3d gaming.lastly , windows xp : ) the soothsayers say & quot ; go for pro , not home & quot ; and i can see why .
it does just what it advertises , and more besides - but will take some time to learn and tweak to your satisfaction .
there are so many aspects to tweaking , it 's like learning windows all over again.on the weight side , it is not a light piece of laptop , but then you save weight at the expense of features .
i 'm happy with the spec weight of around 3kg , which is n't a herculean load !
for users not requiring cd/floppy on the go , the included weight-saver will make a noticeable difference to your shoulder.the sound is normal for laptops , though i 'm no expert , but then if you want great sound , you should look elsewhere .
that said , a simple plug-in of a set of speakers will rectify that.all this , and throw-in ieee1394 , 3 usb , infrared , smartmedia , lan , modem and parallel ports , and the whole package is sewn-up nicely .
ca n't speak highly enough of this machine , and will certainly look to toshiba for future toys !
i almost forgot , the online support and the sheer depth of the toshiba website ( s ) is excellent .
just poke around the forum and you 'll see them extent of customer support .
yes , there are gripes and mans , but responses are speedy , helpful and to the point .
go toshiba .

1
this notebook has pretty much everything you could want in a notebook !
it 's a very nice package with a great balance of features , size , and battery life .
the price is right too .
it suspends and resumes in under 5 seconds each , is very stable ( no crashes yet ! )
, and solidly built .
having everything you need such as firewire and 10/100 ethernet built in saves you the cost of adding these feature and carrying around additional components .
the dvd/cd-rw combo is nice as well.the only thing i would have liked to have seen is scroll buttons to accompany the touchpad like some other notebooks have .
regarding the users complaining about the drive clicking , it is completely normal !
all drives make some noise when they access the disk , some are louder than others .
the drive in this notebook is probably not the quietest drive around , but it 's not the loudest i 've heard either .
they may be complaining simply out of lack of experience with many hard drives , or not used to a notebook where you 're closer to it than a desktop and the louder fans may drown out the drive sounds .

1
i have had this laptop with the xp pro version on it since nov , i knew the specs of it before i bought it .
i also knew that i could not get a comparable laptop for the same price anywhere else..the graphics card is the icing on the cake .
it runs superbly , does everything you could ask without fault .
i know people complain about the ticking of the hard drive , but its not something that is likely to make you not buy it , although i am surprised that toshiba still use such a low speed hard drive 4200 rpm , nevertheless its still quick.. i reccomend it wholeheartedly .

1
i looked at a number of models when i discovered this one .
the dvd/cd-rom writer works very well .
it writed copies of cds very quickly , and so far i have n't had one unreadable from another machine .
it has an ir port i find very handy ( i use it for printing - no cables ) but , you must go into the bios and `` activate '' it first.battery lasts a long time , usually 2 hours or more , even under heavy usage .
the seller , though , is the screen .
it 's magnificent .
clear , and it 's nearly 15 '' .
( great to watch dvds on while travelling ) .
you wo n't regret buying this machine .

1
i had an old t23 fail after many years of workhorse service .
multiple bsods , and an os that was about to quit forever.since it was the display electronics and the system board ( not the fixed disk ) that imploded , i bought this unit with the hope of simply & # 34 ; transplanting & # 34 ; the fixed disk and stabilizing xp.that did not work out -- because the disk & # 34 ; knew immediately & # 34 ; it could not run this unit.however : i was able to get the t23 started one last time , then transfer all important data files to a flash drive .
lucky !
more ram and a slightly faster processor in the shipped unit .
good !
xp-pro os and a & # 34 ; legit & # 34 ; copy of office 2007 on the shipped unit .
( survived microsoft authenticity testing . )
better !
integrated wlan radio in this unit ( not available on the t23 ) .
better yet !
all files now transferred -- able to use this unit as a backup/replacement for the failed & # 34 ; bare-bones & # 34 ; laptop.yay .

1
my company bought the latitude cpx for $ 2700 in 2000 .
it has a piii 650mhz , 12g hd , 256k ram , with a docking station .
the company gave it to me when our location was downsized in 2002 .
it is now 2008 and i have used it for business ever since and it is a tank .
parts replaced include the keyboard ( $ 20/ part ) twice , battery ( $ 30 ) once , and fan ( $ 20/ part ) once .
other than that it runs and runs .
still using windows 2000 and now i have a wifi card .
i travel throughout the country and it runs great .
sure compared to today 's units , it takes longer to boot up and shut down but i ca n't complain .
i am now looking for a used , faster , dell d610 only because my outlook file has grown so large ( 400mb ) and my hd is now about 90 % full , it takes longer and longer to boot up .
once i delete 8 gigs of my work files off the unit it will be fine .
this unit is now going to my son for school .

1
this is a great computer .
it 's small and light and is perfect for my college classes .
the top is a little scratched but since it 's a refurbished laptop i was n't expecting it to be in perfect condition .
the only downside was that microsoft word and other programs were n't already installed but that 's just the laziness in me not wanting to take the time to install it myself .
i was able to borrow a disc from my friend and install everything i needed the same day i received the comp .
all in all it 's a great computer .
it works wonderfully and as i 'm typing this review i 'm importing cds into itunes so it 's a also a great liesure computer as well as a school computer .
i would definitly recommend this laptop to everyone .

1
i bought this laptop because it has a complete set of features including a dvd and cdrw combo drive .
on all the sites i looked at , the specs mention 4xrw , but what all of them fail to mention is it also writes 8x for normal writes .
since i use cdr for backups , and only burn full cd 's it was a nice surprise .
burning a whole cd of backup files and data only took 14minutes .
the size is a bit big for heavy duty travel , but for light travel it is a good size .
the only annoying thing about the system is it has windows xp on it , which in my mind is a down grade from win2k .
most of the default settings make the system totally wide open to hacking , viruses and trojans .
although there are new features in xp that have potential productivity enhancements , they are far from critical and really are n't earth shattering.the system does n't quite have the battery life of the p3 version , but 30-60 minutes more of computing time per battery does n't warrant 250 bucks more in my mind.if one were to put two batteries in it , you would only gain another hour of power , where as a third batter for 250 would get you 2+ hrs .
from a financial point of view , getting a third batter is a much better way to go for travelers who compute on the go and take long flights .

1
with hewlett packards recent buyout of compaq and the sluggish us economy , i had concerns when purchasing this unit .
once i got this puppy out of the box , let me just say , i was simply amazed .
the 700mhz pentium iii outperforms my 1.5ghz pentium 4 on it 's best day and the design ( cosmetic and functional ) is superb .
definitely the best notebook i 've ever gotten my grubby little hands on .
practicallity and performance all rolled up in a tidy compact ( 3.5lb ) package .
you can find other notebooks with some of the same features , but hp went for broke as this thing comes with a network port , cd-rw , dvd , firewire ports , usb ports , 56k modem , polk audio , lcd display for clock and cd functions ... i could go on all night as the bundled software is n't to be scoffed at either .
excellent , excellent and might i add ... excellent product .
the name is n't fitting though , something this perfect should have more than a couple of letters and 4 numbers , so i have renamed it & quot ; master & quot ; as it owns me and my respect .
so in a sluggish economy with a ( let 's be honest ) lack luster company with horrible support ( thank god i 've never needed them ) ol ' hewlett packard pulled a rabbit out of the hat with this one because i was absolutely positive of one thing before i went to purchase my new laptop ; no hp !
the only reason i gave it a glance was the & quot ; thinkpadesque & quot ; finger mouse control instead of a mouse pad ( which i adhore ) .
hats off hp , you 've finally impressed me .
now i must be off to build a shrine to hp and get my zu1175 tattoo ... okay , maybe no tattoo or shrine , but i do want to get off this desktop to go use my zu .

1
for the price this laptop is superb !
i too have had some of the difficulties the first guy had ( locking up when hot docked ) .
and the fact that it does not come with a floppy is not a bonus ( you can get a floppy that uses the cd or dvd port on the docking station thought ) .
but this unit is very cool .
i have only used business grade laptops ( ibm and toshiba ) in the past and this one performs just as well and it comes with many more useful features ( cdrw and dvd ) .i was looking for a home laptop for about a year and was about ready to pluck down [ money ] for what i wanted , and then this came along , i 'm so glad i could n't make up my mind .
( and by the way , just to even the tables a little bit ; i love the pointing stick .
i will not buy a laptop if it has a track ball or mouse pad . )

1
i purchased this refurbished notebook computer from [ another store ] just last week .
in a matter of days , the package arrived at my door .
the product has many extras i did n't expect : a pc modem in a double pc slot , a handsome dell carrying case , a dell manual installed on the computer , and others .
... it turned out to be a great buy for the money for me .

1
what do i like the most about my new ( 2001 model ) compaq notebook ?
the quality , workmanship , and features for the `` end of the model '' production price !
imagine -- 512 ram , 20 gig hard drive , floppy drive ( educational world still operated in this mode ) , dvd drive , cd-cw drive , and a 15 '' screen that is as big as my 17 '' desktop viewing area !
!
not to mention the 1.13 pent iii speed .
what ?
-- you want the p-4m and have a battery life of about an hour ?
?
-- this beautiful machine has a battery life of about 3.5 hours !
!
... now , if you plan to do some serious traveling- this model may be a bit too heavy to be lugging around !
because i only go between two schools- the 7 plus pounds of this unit is no problem .
thanks to amazon.com and their reviews for introducing me to this outstanding laptop computer .

1
i 've owned a thinkpad 600e for over three years now , originally bought refurbished , and with upgrades like 128mb ram , a cd burner/dvd-rom , a bigger hard drive , and various usb goodies , it 's still a device that i use almost every day .
the cpu is so well-optimized , as other reviewers have noted , that it 's plenty fast enough to play dvd 's on with power dvd , and it also handles usb scanners well .
moreover , it makes a good platform for older games that do n't work well on windows xp .
i had the cmos battery run down last week after over three years of use , but replacements are easy and cheap to find - check on here or ebay .
if you need a laptop but do n't need or want the so-called `` latest and greatest '' bleeding-edge stuff and want something well-designed and sturdy instead , get one of the thinkpad series .

1
the ibm thinkpads are pretty much all marvels of engineering .
because ibm engineers have optimized the machine 's various components to work together , this machine seems faster than 366 mhz .
when it came out , the 600e was a trend-setter .
now , in may 2003 , it seems slow compared with today 's 2gb machines .
but it still will do the job for most applications -- i use mine for photoshop and nikon capture 3 -- programs which require manipulating a lot of data .
the thinkpad works brilliantly.the quality of construction of the 600e is impeccable .
these are beautifully built and engineered machines.the screen is very bright , and with the cd-dvd rom player it will do a passable if not great job for watching movies .
the keyboard is simply the best of any notebook computer i have used .
the trackpoint device , patented by ibm , is the best on-keyboard mouse device yet devised.minor quibble : the speakers are placed right where the user 's wrists will rest .
not great ergonomics , but not a major problem either ...

1
the computer arrived in good shape in about 4 days .
it was well packed , and the box and computer both contained a number of special items , e.g.
, a handsome dell carrying case , a double pc card slot with a modem card installed , an old fashioned mouse giving me a choice between the traditional notebook `` mouse '' and the mouse i am used to .
once i had set up the computer , i found a very helpful dell help book on the computer itself .
... .
i 've been buying computers for 20 years , and i 've never found such a good computer at such a low price .
it exceeds my expectations .
... .

1
do n't be fooled by the price .
this is a real winner.i would recommend this machine to anyone looking for power and convenience at a very affordable price .

1
after 7 desktops in one year , i 've finally found the replacement in just 7 days of owning this laptop !
i researched them all and for the money this is the way to go and i 'm in no way disatified !
( minus the fact that you can only add an external floppy drive ! )
i was gon na get the zt1190 or zt1180 but read that alot of people were having problems with there screens ?
!
oh yeah , the polk audio speakers do n't do it justice but if you get the zt1170 instead of the 80 or 90 , you can throw the diffrence towards some altec lansing 200 watt speakers like i did also , so when you get home you can quick plug to a home stereo-effect !
i havent had any compadability problems like i thought i would from going from a desk top to laptop.if your not rich , you can afford this one and still have a better laptop than many others !

1
having owned 7 notebooks of various sorts for both work and pleasure , i have to say that this one is a great purchase .
the thing that sold me on it was the inclusion of s-video output ( for connection to my tv ) and all the other features .
the only things that i could suggest improvement on are 1 ) the sound output from the system ( although i did not expect a computer to match my sony cd/dvd player ) .
when the two are compared , the notebook comes up very short - as you would expect .
however , if hp improved the sound output , this notebook could take the place of much of my home entertainment equipment ... an interesting thought ... and 2 ) get a bigger hard drive - this was my fault , not hp's.nice system , great display , right amount of ram and the right amount of processing power at an unbeatable price - even dell could not match it ( equivalent system , equivalent features - except for s-video ! )
on their build your own web site.buy it !

1
i ca n't make any comparisons to other laptops cause this is my very first .
i can say that hp has stuffed a lot into such a small package and i like that they 've included norton 2002 antivirus .
the dvd player is nifty cause it 's portable and i thought the graphics and sound were great .
it 's a desktop computer that you can take with you .

1
if you have need for a laptop as a desktop , then this is your machine .
i have had mine for two weeks , and there is nothing that this machine can not do !
blazing speed ( pentium iii - m 1.2 ghz ) and enormous amounts of ram ( 512 ) make this machine perform like no other .
the display is smaller because the resolution is so high , but it is so crisp that you will adjust quickly !
one feature that is not included in any of the specs that i have read is that there is a scrolling bar separate from the touchpad .
the software bundle that comes with the computer is limited , but beyond that , there is nothing that i have n't been able to do on this marvel of technology .

1
if you are serious about buying a laptop and you want quality for a good price , then this is the laptop for you .
i find the sony fxa47 to be an excellent laptop from the start .
the sony software included is handy .
i bought the 48-mo .
warranty extension from circuit city , so i do n't feel any need to be concerned .
most importantly , the battery lasts the full three hours as promised in the manual .
this is good for travel , even though it is heavy .
i find that the included weight saver makes no sense if it only saves you 0.4 lbs .
performance on this laptop was a little slow when i first started using it , but after a few days of use it seems to speed up in performance .
the dvd/cd-rw is a bit noisy and makes the laptop shake , so that might not be a convenience for business travelers on planes .
overall , a good laptop , w/a few glitches here and there .
definitely good for home/office users , but travelers might certainly want to look at something else less heavy and w/o a noisy cd player .

1
this vaio , my first notebook that it was bougth six weeks ago , has great performance ( piii ,1.1 ghz , 30 hd , etc . )
, nice design with 3 usb ports.maybe should have 512 mb of ram , but it is not great problem.i give 5 stars without doubt .

1
if you do n't care about the lack of a cd-rom or a floppy , this little laptop is the greatest ultralight .
with the extended life battery i get around 6 hours of continuous operation at my normal levels ( if you dim the screen a lot , you can get closer to 8 ) .
it 's comfortable , quiet , and reasonably fast .
what it loses in lack of removable storage media ( like a cd-r ) it makes up in networking -- it comes with integrated wired ethernet , wireless , and a modem .
this little laptop rocks.on a less utilitarian note , this laptop is really small and sleek .
you 'll be proud to show this one off to your friends and family .
they do n't get much cooler-looking than this.for those of you who care about it , linux installs with very little headache ( and less for you than me now that i 've figured out all the things that *don't* work ; see [ url ] for my install notes ) .

1
this is a classic in the notebook world .
light-weight , ultra-portable , and enough power under the hood to run common programs such as word-proccessing , spreadsheets , and music programs concurrently .
it is so light , i like to use it as a jukebox at parties by affixing it to my stereo .
plenty of hard drive space for music files .
the pointing device is smooth , almost like it was reading my mind , and the keyboard has that amazing thinkpad feel ; you 'll be surprised how it feels and improves your accuracy in typing.on the other hand , it is an ( albeit well ) ageing machine , so this is not the product for those that like to play the newest games , and i would n't recommend installing any operating system after win 98 .
there is also a serious lack of usb ports .
finally , as my battery is getting older , i ca n't get more than about an hour and a half from it , but the sleep mode works without a hitch , so whenever you need a pause its as easy as closing the top.despite its limitations , if what you are looking for is a very portable , solid notebook for word processing and music , this is for you .

1
i may only be 14 , but i have researched alot before i bought this machine .
it is super fast , amazing sound , ok graphics , and a long battery life !
the screen is slightly sharp , but still great !
the scroll pad is easy and convienent .
ive had it for a month and still have not had a problem !
i love it and i strongly recommend it to anyone !
( p.s if you are an avid david letterman watcher , i was the girl who played her nose on stupid human tricks ! )

1
i wo n't bother repeating what has been said before but i do n't believe adequate praise has been given to the new touchpad , which at the present is unique to this model alone .
this is my third laptop and i hated most touchpads .
in fact , i really missed the pointing device from my old fujitsu ( like an ibm thinkpad stick but bigger ) .but thanks to the features of the new cpad on this toshiba , it is already saving me time and frustration .
there are four corner areas that you can program to do various features .
the defaults are set to maximize and minimize , the alt key ( to access menus ) , and the windows key .
along the right and bottom are also spaces to scroll , similar to the new wheel mice .
these may sound like little bells and whistles , but they really help out in the long run when you are on the road without a mouse .
that does n't even count the additional features such as a calculator and *gasp* an actual keypad !
plus you can change the background image to whatever you want , or select from some included clipart .
our it guy calls it the tamagotchi , but it is truly palm-inspired innovation at work.the built-in smartmedia and securedigital card readers are also a big help for my digital camera .
plus , there are more than enough ports ( 2 pcmcia , 3 usb , 1 ilink , network , modem , a/v out , vga ) .the harmon/kardon speakers and subwoofer are also top-notch .
i 've turned the volume up to max and you get no distortion or tinny sounds .
my main complaint is that the front audio controls seem to require turning the computer on .
i was hoping this would be one of the intelligent cd drives that could run without extra horsepower and battery drain .
alas , it is still not the perfect laptop ( certainly it does weigh a ton ) , but it 's by far the closest yet .

1
there is no way to compare the two systems since the toshiba is in a totally different class of systems .
the features of the toshiba blow away the sony .
i do n't think anyone could argue with that .
the only thing that the sony has on it is the battery life .
you should just shutup and not offer your worthless opinions anymore .
thank you !

1
the severely negative offputting reviews of the tosh 5105-607 are garbage .
i have just bought a second machine ( a used one from e bay ) after having the first one for nearly two years .
the multiple postings by the same person are grossly unfair and i suspect just sour grapes from some malcontent .
i know several serious users who swear by this machine .
personally i am in high tech mechanical engineering and would not be without my tosh .
it gets hammered , travels all over the world , ( it is a bit heavy - but then it is better than most pc 's for performance and storage ) i could have any make or madel laptop i want , paid for by my company , but chose the toshiba after extensive use of various other makes over the years .
i used to upgrade to a new laptop every 6 months but you would have to prise this one from my dead fingers ... !
others in the firm lower down the chain are angry with me because they used to get my cast offs but not this one , i am not parting with it.. maybe i will when the new rw dvd 's are proven and working faster than they do at the moment but otherwise i can see no reason to change from the 607.i can not comment much on the official toshiba backup except the one problem i had with a modem blowing up ( i think the phone line got hit by lightning ) was fixed by my local repair shop simply and efficiently .
toshiba spares department were so weary and slow ( under the warranty ) that i just bought the parts myself and had them fitted.price of parts and fitting was very reasonable and i would not justify anyone sensible paying out for extended warranty from retailer .
i love the fact that i dont need the backup from toshiba cos the thing never goes wrong ... !
the machine flies , if it ever gets virused or crossed up , you just simply reset it to an earlier time and away you go again.id give it 95 % out of 100 for performance .
so it runs a bit hot underneath , , i use it in uk and also in florida and the heat never stopped it yet ... ... .. try a cold drink when using it cheers ... !

1
last week i bought my first laptop .
i used amazon.com 's product comparison 's and consumer reports online to evaluate quality of service , cost and service .
my journey took me from ibm 's thinkpads to toshiba 's satellite 's , to compaq .
but after i found this viao , my journey ended .
i really love it 's unique design and it 's portability.this is what i really like about the machine.1.i like the ability to undock the laptop which reduces the weight to 4.7 lbs !
i was so relieved to learn that i can dock/undock the machine while it 's running.2.i like the size .
for me i think 12 '' screen is plenty .
i simply do n't like the laptops with large screen .
as a result this laptop is highly portable.3.i like the jog dial .
if you do a lot of browsing like i do i like to be able to easly scroll up and down the page with the jog dial .
i have this feature on my mouse and am addicted to it .
sony was the only laptop that i saw that had this feature.4.i like that there are 3 usb ports .
i bought a usb mouse , and have two more ports that i can use.5.i like that the cd has dvd and rw capabilities.6.i like the design .
the machine looks sleek , especially when undocked .
the toshiba satellites were highly rated , but they looked cheap .
some of the buttons looked like they would easily break off.surprises.i have to admit i was n't aware that the r505 comes with the i.link ( ieee 1394 ) but i 'm very please to know it 's there.i 'm also comming to appreciate micorsoft xp .
it has some improvements for tracking many opened applications , and has reorganized the start menu.dislikes.there are a few minor items that were disconcerting.1.sony has support program to assist in troubleshooting .
this program has crashed everytime i boot and i need to uninstall the application .
this could be a fluke , but i do n't miss what i 've never used.2.the keyboard is small .
i knew this when i bought the laptop .
i 'm finding that the only difficulty is getting used to the right hand 'shift ' key .
i wish it was a little larger .
there is no 'home ' or 'end ' key also , the function key has to be used in conjuntion with the arrow keys to simulate the home or end keys.in conclusion i 'm very pleased with my choice the sony viao r505 and look forward to years of computing pleasure.justin

1
i 've owned a sony r505tl for about 2 years .
during those 2 years , it has been through very heavy usage ; you might even call it abuse.my laptop is on about 12 hours per day .
it gets tossed around in the car while i drive like a maniac ; sits in 100+ degree temperatures while i 'm in clients ' offices ; and gets banged around against walls and floors in an attache not made for laptops .
then i get home and abuse it some more.pros : - great to look at.- light and mobile.- takes abuse and does n't complain.- developed using alien technology.cons : - you ca n't make love to it.- you ca n't eat it.- it does n't dispense cash.bad news : the r505tl finally died last week .
her demise can be blamed on idiot designers of wireless network pcmcia cards .
why do those things stick out so much ?
!
i accidentally swung my attache into a wall , cramming the protruding pc card into the slot , breaking the slot and shoving it into my laptops innards.good news : i 'm getting another one !
just won the auction on ebay .
this one 's faster and newer .
i 'm also getting a sony vaio 802.11g card that does n't protrude ; this is the only 802.11g card on the market that 's almost flush with a laptop 's side.the r505 has been replaced by the v505 .
they must have bought some new technology from the aliens .
i 'm sure it 's also a good product , but i 'll stick to r505 's until i need something faster .

1
this is the fourth laptop i own after two compaqs and a gericom - a high quality german brand .
i have also come in contact with quite a few more brands of which if you take apart ibm ( high quality products but too expensive for what they offer ) , the sony beats them all by far .
i own the r505dl ( 1ghz , 30gb , dvd/cdrw , 256mb ) and have been using it for a bit more than 2 months now .
this model is discontinued but the el series is available with an extra 1.13ghz on the speed ( goes up to 1.2ghz for better equipped models ) and a faster dvd/cdrw.the laptop is not flawless but it is the closest to that i have seen .
what you might not like ... 1 .
the processor at 1ghz or even 1.2ghz for the newer models sounds little and by todays standards it is but if you are not planning to play any of the latest graphics intensive games and the like it is fine .
it is fine with new games like warcraft 3 or a bit older ones like redalert 2 or even racing games .
and of course surfing the net listening to music ripping cds working on excel and word and all the rest it is more than great.2 .
the memory wo n't go above 384mb and in this model you will have to `` throw away '' your 128mb and add a 256mb one in order to get that high.3 .
as everybody else has said the right `` shift '' key is small but with time you will get used to it.4 .
you need to remove all the connections in order to attach or remove the docking station.5 .
no tilt to the design .
especially with the dock on , the laptop is high on the desk and completely flat so it is a bit uncomfortable to type.6 .
the speakers are week although an external pair or a pair of nice earphones connected to the laptop gives very nice sound.7 .
given the size of the laptop the power supply is big.8 .
no svideo port9 .
one of the 4 usbs is covered when you attach the docking station.10 .
no dedicated cdrw software - you can write to cds and rws with the xp copying engine - a bit slow and not powerfull at all , and can make music cds or mp3 cds from sonicstage but you might still miss a dedicate cdrw suite.now what i ( and hopefully you will ) adore about the laptop.1 .
absolutely gorgeous to look at especially with the dock not attached ( you will be asked a lot about it and you will turn a lot of heads when you take it out ) 2 .
as portable and light as they come.3 .
the screen is excellent no matter how bright the sunlight you can see clearly and nicely on it.4 .
the `` crash proof laptop '' award .
in more than two months this laptop has never crashed , locked or freezed on me and i do have tones of tones of extra programs installed and several windows running the same time .
my compaqs were crashing constantly even the latest compaq that was equipped with winxp as the sony does .
awesome !
thit is one reliable machine .
now that i am writting on it it is the 5th day in the row that it has stayed on without shut down or restarted.5 .
the feel of the keyboard is excellent sturdy and soft.6 .
even without the dock you got all the ports you need - ethernet , modem , pcmcia , line out and mic , vga , 2 usb , firewire or ilink or whatever you want to call it and a memory stick slot - very very handy for transfering files , ( more expensive models come with wifi or bluetooth too ) .7 .
with the dock you get the dvd/cdrw , a parallel and serial , an extra 2 usb ( but it covers one usb on the laptop ) , and the floppy disk , so nothing essential is missing maybe irda but i always hated it cause it was very unreliable if you need wireless communication get a model with bluetooth or wifi or buy a pcmcia that gives this kind of capability.8 .
if you have time and feel like it you can make the jog dial a handy tool .
it also incorporates an alarm function that is able to wake the laptop form stand by or hibernation on set times and days - really nice automatically.9 .
very quiet or at least much more quiet from the compaqs i owned the toshiba 's i have heard and the hps10 .
the keyboard simply does not get hot .
on my last compaq the keys were getting hot enough to feel unpleasant typing on it.11 .
battery life is long .
4 1/2 hours if the brightness is at the lowest the dock is off and you are doing light work .
in full brightness it should see you through a 2 - 2 1/2 hours movie or a bit more of 3 hours of light work12 .
given the size and the specification is fast.13 .
loads of apps that you might never use but if you want them they are there - the very nice one is the adobe photoshop elements - a cut down version of photoshop which for personal use and given it comes for free it is more than what i could have asked for.all in all this is an near perfect laptop that combines reasonable speed , excellent portability and killer looks in a full featured package and all that with a price that is at least right on spot if not on the low side .
congratulations to sony for such a product .
i love it ...

1
i went through three lapetops in a month in a half it being the most scarest purchase in my life they were falling apart walking out the door on my fourth try i chose the grx550 by sony it will not be beat !
better graphics , speed,512mbram @ much more.i would mention teck support but i have had no need for it not 1 proublem in 3 months .
thank you sony the grx550 is # 1 please dont stop building this modle

1
i bought this laptop 3 weeks ago .
earlier i had toshiba and hp laptops .
but i sold both the laptops .
i saw the laptop on net and i bought this .
this is a wonderful machine .
it is really powerful and very attractive look .
i must say taht you can do anything with this machine , what so ever is possible with a computer .
screen is large enough to see movie .
key board is very sleek .
i do n't see any cons ...

1
i have had this notebook for two weeks now and it is by far the best desktop replacement currently available .
the 16 & quot ; screen is unbelievable -- how could i ever go back to those tiny little screens on other laptops now !
if you are looking for a desktop replacement this is the notebook for you .

1
i just got this for mother 's day and i love it !
!
it 's very light , which is great because i am going to do a lot of traveling soon .
it was very easy to register my xp with the help of & quot ; victor & quot ; , the virtual 3d hp assistant .
it comes with so many accessories .
everything has simple , step-by-step instructions to help you through them .
the pentium processor is very fast .
it does n't overheat as easily as my husband 's laptop .
i was surprised to see that i can use my digital camera with it .
not to mention my digital recorder !
i really enjoy this computer .

1
the is a great machine for the price .
... after rebates from hp and best buy its the best .
the speed of this machine is great also the wi fi is pretty cool to .
i was traveling on a business trip and it automatically found a hub in another office building so i started surfing the net on their connection .
you got ta get this notebook .

1
i waited a long time to finally purchase a laptop .
i am a sony fan and each my last three personal desktops have been sony .
at 850 mhz you may think slow , but i will tell you that i find it to be just as fast as my new sony pcg-752 , 2.0 mhz !
the portability makes it easy to transport , the memory stick makes it easy to upload my photos from my sony-p9 camera and also share files with other , non-sony pcs by us an optional usb memory stick reader .
i do not miss the 3.5 disk drive and the portable , non-powered cd-rw/dvd drive is great and fast !
the battery life is great .
the bundled battery life offers a 5 hour life for standard usage , but varies when using the wireless lan and when adjusting the brightness of the screen .
i do n't want to forget to mention the built in wireless lan - it 's fast and easy .
the software bundle is one of sony 's best features .
they stock their standard systems with multimedia software that will give you great advantages over equivelant gateway 's or dell 's .
needless to say , i am very happy with my purchase and recommend it to anyone looking for mobility with awesome power .

1
this is the notebook for people who love sony products .
i just bought mine yesterday and all i can say is & quot ; wow !
& quot ; .
the memory stick slot for my digital camera and the ieee port for my digital camcorder .
how can you go wrong .
if you like sony products and have them all , this is the notebook for you .

1
you could call this a 'longevity test ' review .
i 've owned the vaio grx 520 since summer of 2001 and i 've been extremely pleased with its performance .
do n't let the stats fool you ... 1.6 pentium 4 , 256 mb ram and 30 gb hard drive are plenty of & quot ; go & quot ; for most of us .
being in graphics design , i have many heavy hitting software programs loaded and still maintain almost 2/3 of my hard drive space empty .
and let 's face it , any processor over 1.6-1.8 is so fast that you wo n't notice the difference ... waste of money to go higher .
i originally purchased the vaio because of its great 15 & quot ; screen that 's impressive , especially with the complimenting graphics chip .
there 's never been any problem with the computer hardware or accompanying software .
the different port options accept many external devices i.e .
memory sticks and 10/100 ethernet connection .
let 's hear it for usb 's !
dependable , quality product , and does it all .
one drawback ... the weight , but did n't i tell you ?
it 's a & quot ; portable desktop.
& quot ;

1
i can tell you this machine ( grx520 ) is a joy to work with for web and desktop apps .
first i bought grx550 , but i returned that and went for grx520 .
although both are same but i feel performance wise this is better .
i cross my fingures .
i got 256 ram extra free of cost , so it is 512 now.watching dvds is great , for the best in sound quality though be sure and get a sony srs-t77 speaker set to plug into the notebook , this little set of 4 watt speakers will rock the room and are small enough to fit into your bag and port along.as for validating other comments i 've read i 'd suggest : size , yes the dimensions are a bit larger and i too bought a new bag - happily .
i think this size of unit is best suited for a backpack versus an over-the-shoulder bag batteries , seem to last me about 2 hours , i 'm ordering an extra one hard drive noise , havent really been bothered by it screen quality - stunning .
i 've used toshiba , ibm , and dell 's - the screen quality is really outstanding with the grx size of the charger unit .
yes , it is larger and bulkier than any others i have used recently .
sony should be able to do better than this .

1
so far i really love this machine .
it has a beautiful display .
the software bundle is very good .
i would have liked to have ms word instead of the word perfect suite though .
i had to send it in for warranty work for the keyboard and got it back in a week .
sony made it easy to keep track of the progress of the repair online .
their support was great .
as a long time apple user i almost bought an ibook but the sony gave more for the amount of money i could spend such as legacy ports ( so i could use my printer ) and a floppy drive .
apple 's recent ads promote the switch of pc users to apple .
after alot of thought i did the opposite .
i just could n't go with apple again .
i would recommend this machine to anyone .

1
i did my homework before i bought my first & quot ; lap top & quot ; .
i am very happy with the sony r505el .
i bring and use it at the hospital everyday.pros : -inexpensive ( comparing it to other companies with equal specs ) -highly portable ( do not need the 3.5 or cd-rom drive everyday ) -beautiful screen-has n't crashed in 3 months ( i 've pushed it pretty hard- huge multimedia powerpoint presentations ) -always get looks from people-all the ports i need-jog dail-feels sturdy-great multimedia softwarecons : -only copies to cd-rw disks-battery life about 3 1/2 hoursi always read negatives about the sony tech support .
so far , fingers crossed , i do n't have to deal with them.for now , worth the money .

1
this is the perfect computer if you need something for work , school , or just to use at home .
i enjoyed mine and i recommend it to anybody .

1
this computer combines speed and performance .
weight and portability are n't the greatest but none the less , it 's quite a bargain .

1
i purchased the satellite 1905-s301 last month as a replacement to an older laptop to use in my office in place of a desktop .
i am extremely happy with its performance .
it is quiet , displays brilliant colors , is very fast ( for the limited applications i use ) , is a bit heavy yet it can be transported with ease , and most important of all , a bargain for the price i purchased it at.i highly recommend it if your use is limited to simple office applications .

1
ocupo esta computadora para hacer trabajos de programacion y dise & ntilde ; os con grandes bases de datos la velocidad y la forma de manejar la memoria son exelentes , algunas veces la conecto a una red nt , a internet , a una pocket pc y no baja su rendimiento , pase tres meses buscando un computador de bajo precio con tecnologia de punta , y esto compre u no me arrepiento , la compare con la de la marca dell , compaq y ninguna supera a esta laptop .

1
i looked at laptop offerings from dell , gateway , ibm , compaq and toshiba ; hp , sony , fujitsu , and winbook were never seriously considered , because i have had bad experiences with all of those manufactures notebooks in the past .
in the end i choose the toshiba satellite 1905-s301 because i thought it provided me with the best combination of price , performance , and quality available .
i bought my laptop at circuit city for $ ... which included a $ ... instant rebate .
that added to a $ ... toshiba mail-in rebate , drew down the final cost to ... !
for this tidy sum my new notebook came with the following features : processor : intel pentium 4 processor @ 2.0ghz ; screen : 15 '' xga active matrix display ( 1024 x 768 ) ; memory : 256mb pc2100ddr sdram , max 1.0 gb ; video card : ati m6-p graphics controller w/16mb external ddr vram video memory ; removable storage : dvd/cd-rw multifunction drive ; fixed storage : 40gb hard drive ; nic : 10/100 ethernet ; modem : v.90/56k modem ; ports : 1x parallel printer port ; 2x usb 2.0 ports ; 1x vga ; 1x 1394 firewire ; 2x type ii pc card ( pcmcia ) slots ; 1x s-video out.os : windows xp home edition.first impressions : i love this laptop !
the speed of the cpu ; the sharp , clear , vibrant richness of the display ; the overall performance of the machine ; i love this laptop !
and quiet , this machine is quiet .
while my tecra 's one cooling fan was obnoxiously noisy , the 1905 's two cooling fans ( one on the left side in the rear , and one on the bottom of the computer ) are surprisingly and wonderfully quite .
ditto for the hard drive and cd/dvd-rom drive .
sometimes the computer is so quite i forget it 's even on !
the only problem i 've had thus far has to do with the touch pad and the multi-feathered software the comes with it .
word to the wise , disable the `` tap '' portion of the software it will interfere with the normal operation of the computer whenever your thumb or finger accidentally touched the pad.product features : a closer look : processorthe satellite 1905-s301 features a 2.0 ghz pentium 4 processor , with a 400mhz fsb ( front side bus ) which runs the machine at lighting fast speeds .
i have read a lot about the possibility of over-heating with this barn burner , but so far it has not been an issue .
i regularly leave the computer ( named khufu , after the ancient egyptian city of the same name ) , running over night ; and in the morning it 's still quiet as a whisper , and as cool as an ice cube.memorythe satellite 1905-s301 's predecessor the satellite 1905-s277 shipped with 256mb sdram , but toshiba upped the ante with the s301 and slipped 2100 ddr memory under the hood .
the stock 256 megabytes is more then adequate for everyday computing needs and multimedia applications , but more is always better in my book , so if you can afford it spring for 512 megabytes do so ; i could n't so i did n't .
the maximum amount you can add is 1.0 gb.storagethe 1905-s301 features a generous 40gb user accessible hard drive , which is again quiet as a mouse exploring for bread crumbs in the dark of night .
some 5 gb is used up by the os and application programs out of the box , leaving 35 glorious gb for storing those need to listen to mp3 files , and those all important documents and spreadsheets.the cd-rw/dvd combo drive is built into the system .
and while i would have been happy with just a cd-rom , having a rw/dvd drive at this price point is a bargain hard to pass up .
toshiba included windvd for viewing dvd 's and drag ' n go for burning them.a 3.5 '' floppy drive is also built into the built into the system .
some might think this antiquated , but believe there is still a need to have a floppy drive .
how else can one easily swap briefs and outlines with ones fellow students , not to mention the need to print that last minute , hastily completed assignment at the school computer lab ?
an extra spindle for a second battery or zip drive would have been nice , but not expected at this price point.displaythis is the real selling point of the satellite 1905-s301 .
the display is beautiful ; bright , sharp , crisp , and vibrant .
the 15 '' xga tft screen brings graphics to life like a regular display never could , and the text is well defined , bright , and easy to read .
i vacillated for a time between the xga , sxga , and uxga display , but in the end i did n't want to spend the extra money for the higher end displays .
i went to the local compusa and compared them all side-by-side , and while there are some subtle difference between them , in the final analysis the xga display proved adequate for my needs .
dvd viewing is a wondrous experience even at full screen ; who needs a big screen tv ?
and while i will probably never mate my 1905-s301 with an external monitor , it 's nice to have the ati radeon video card with 16mb of ddr video memory at my disposal .
unlike the 1905-s277 , the 1905-s301 is equipped with an s-video out port.conclusions : at this price point you would be hard pressed to find a better desktop replacement computer .
toshiba has found the right combination of price , performance and features and incorporated them into the satellite 1905-s301 .
for the student , or professional on the go , this is the one !
note : toshiba offers another notebook in this line the satellite 1905-s302 .
the only difference between the two is the os ; windows xp home for the s301 , and windows xp professional for the s302 .

1
the dell cpx is built like a rock .
it 's heavy , it 's been around for ages , and it will never wear out .
all kidding aside , it 's a great model for it 's age .
most laptops do n't last as long as a cpx , but dell accidentially built them to last forever .
i 've noticed dell 's new laptops use some sort of sheet metal that dents like aluminum , you wo n't find that cheap stuff on this machine .
the top speed is only 650mhz pentium iii , but if you load them with 512mb of ram they do great .
for the price you wo n't find a more reliable laptop .
they were built without any common flaws , which is very hard for me to say because i can find something wrong with almost any laptop design .
this laptop reminds me of the very first vcr 's that lasted for 15 years .
they greatly reduced the quality once they realized they were going to last forever , dell sort of did the same thing .
i recommend this model as a beginner laptop or for someone on a budget that does n't need all the bells and whistles .
it 's just a basic laptop that is very reliable .

1
i 've had mine since they first were released .
it works like a top .
i 've got 512 mb ram and 30gb disk .
i run everything from standard microsoft office to adobe photoshop , illustrator , etc .
it runs games , intel chip emulators , web development tools , and a bunch of freeware or shareware that is available because mac os x is unix at the core and very similar to linux .
for most users though , the easy to use apple macintosh graphical user interface makes this machine fun and appealing to use every day , all the time .

1
there is no floppy drive on this machine .
contrary to what it says on amazon 's web site .

1
this laptop though not some superfast gadget is easy to use , and very easy to operate .
the battery works very well , and the display is crystal clear .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone

1
as was mentioned before , this sony is very high quality and has a tough magnesium case .
not a single bad pixel on the uniformly bright screen .
it is light and thin enough to carry with one hand especially when you disconnect it from the dock.i got this laptop so that i can write my status reports , fill out my timesheet and read ebooks while flying coach .
i wanted a laptop that i could bring to meetings and classes to take notes .
sometimes i will use it to drive a projector when i lead training sessions .
when i go into a datacenter , i will bring it with me so that i have product documentation at hand.i do n't need the docking station drives for any of those activities , thus i take full advantage of the light weight .
also , it is very quiet and small , so it does n't distract others during meetings or classes.this is not a desktop replacement computer since it is only a third as powerful as high-end desktops .
also , its screen and keyboard are a little too small to be comfortable using 8-10 hours a day .
when i work at my desk and write documentation and presentations , i will prefer to have the sony plugged into my 19 '' monitor , usb keyboard , usb mouse and ethernet .
when i want to play games , i 'm going to use my desktop computer at home.tips : get the kensington optical pocketmouse pro .
it is a silver optical mouse with a usb cable that retracts into the mouse body for travel .
it is very clever and comfortable and matches the laptop color .
i 'm not using a wireless mouse since the mouse batteries could die while i 'm working.be sure click the 'lock ' switch after you attach the laptop battery to get some peace of mind .
i tend to use the battery as the carry handle.practice for a while with the right shift key .
i still have n't quite gotten the hang of it , but i compensate by using caps lock more often.sony 's support website says to not use nero cd writer software until they get a bug fix in .
it can harm your dvd/cd-rw drive.true , touchpad buttons are hard to hit , but i never use them .
i did n't use them on larger laptops either .
it 's easier to just tap the touchpad to perform button clicks .
to drag something , tap twice and do n't pick up your finger after the second tap .
also , the sony has touchpad shortcuts to close windows ( tap top-left corner and drag down-right ) and scroll windows vertically ( slide along right of touchpad ) and scroll horizontally ( slide along bottom ) .the lcd is xga , but contrary to what another reviewer said , vga and svga will look fine and scale to full screen if you get the latest intel 830mg chipset graphics driver from intel 's website .
there were a lot of bug fixes in intel 's latest driver and sony 's support site did n't have it yet .
the new driver even updates the chipset to enable directx 8.1 and opengl support , if you get desperate for a game.i plan on putting in a 512mb 144-pin 133mhz sodimm based on other reviewers ' suggestions .
that will bring the system up to 640mb .
i read intel 's 830mg chipset documentation and it does look like it is supported.i expect at some point i will get a wireless 802.11b pc card , but i do n't have a need for it now.my only complaint is that it does n't include s-video or tv-out connectors .
i know the 830mg supports it , so it was disappointing that sony did n't include them .
there are bi-directional firewire to s-video/ntsc/pal/stereo converters out there ( tvone , dazzle or canopus ) ... , but i just wanted tv-out for watching a dvd on tv.i 'm very glad i purchased this machine .

1
sony 's pcg-r505gl is a great computer .
runs at a cooler temperaturethan most , fits perfect on airplanes and has a long ( 4 hour ) battery life .
i start my day with this computer at 7am multi-tasking with wi-fi email , ( inexpensive card in pcmia slot ) html coding , msword and photoshop .
for my drive to work ( 10 minutes ) i put it in `` stand by '' , when i arrive my office i plug it into my cat5 , wake it back up and continue without waiting for reboots etc .
i 've seldon experienced a `` freeze '' .
it 's truly bulletproof .
back home it has often hit the carpeted floor from the couch - by that time it 's usually time to quit .
computer goes off at 11pm .

1
this is the one !
i have been searching for such a small size notebook with a big computing power plus lower power consumption .
this model just fitted right to my need.i 've been using it for a little over two weeks now .
no problems yet .
i saw some reviews from on the circuitcity.com about the crash problem of this model .
fortunately , i did not experience the problem .
so , it 's up to your decision to purchase or not.the lcd is very good .
bright and got a good viewing angle .
memory stick slot is just perfect for a file transfering between my clie ' pda and this notebook .
the jog dial control is a plus feature i can use to scroll down/up the menu .
very nice .
most of all , it 's stylish ; you do n't have to worry that it will be out of the fad anytime soon .

1
initially i wanted to give this 4 stars because it performs up to specs but with the rebate , i think the price/value makes it a 5 star .

1
this is an awesome laptop for a fair price .
it will handle most all jobs needed `` on the road , '' and it has all the basic essentials ( e.g.
, cd-r , 256 mbram , etc. )
.
overall , an outstanding product !

1
i 've had this toshiba since november , 2002 .
everytime i think about buying a new laptop , i have to ask myself why ?
!
this laptop is everything i need .
i 'm not a `` gamer '' , and i do n't download pics or video 's .
i primarily use my laptop for homework ( online college ) and internet searches .
i use it almost every day and am really quite happy with it .
the thing i have never bought is a pc card for wireless networking .
i was n't sure if i needed one , hence the name `` satellite '' , but i do !
i 've been searching the internet for the best one , but i do n't really know all the computer jargon !
!
!
anyway ... .i give this laptop a 5 star rating !
!
!

1
this machine is awesome for its price !
i bought it 2 weeks ago and i & # 65533 ; m very satisfied so far .
although the 1415-s173 features a celeron , the & # 65533 ; lite & # 65533 ; chip from intel , it has a full 256 kb of l2 cache so its performance nearly matches those of the far more expensive pentium 4 chips ( since until & # 65533 ; northwood & # 65533 ; core arrived , p4s featured 256 kb l2 caches ) .
besides , the processor is a mobile battery-friendly chip.the laptop & # 65533 ; s hard drive is pretty fast and spacious ; its dvd/cdrw unit works flawlessly and is among the less noisy units i & # 65533 ; ve ever seen .
it burns cds at a 24x speed !
dvd or divx reproduction is as smooth as a silk ( not to mention divx encoding , is fast ! )
.
ok , it has & # 65533 ; only & # 65533 ; 16 mb of video memory but & # 65533 ; those are real mb , not shared ones , so their performance is a way better if compared to most laptop graphics within the price range .
also , the graphics chip , which is what really makes the difference , is a speedy geforce 4 go 420 !
( not an ati m6-c ) .
this machine shines in games ( they look gorgeous in its huge and bright 15 & # 65533 ; screen ) , even in some newer ones like nfs 6 or unreal tournament 2003 ( maybe it doesn & # 65533 ; t matches the standards of high end desktop graphics of course , but those titles were still perfectly playable ) .my only complaint about this machine is its weight & # 65533 ; you should have strong shoulders if you want to carry it around .
however , i still give it an a+

1
after having it almost a year , i had to leave a review as a testimony to toshiba .
i have never regretted buying this machine .
excellent !

1
wow .
everything you could want and more .
while it 's not svelte ( how could it be with a 16 inch screen ) , it has absolutely everything you could need in a laptop , big power , huge disk , gorgeous screen , cdrw/dvd , lots of memory , big time video card , built in wi-fi ( leaving the 2 pc card slots open ) , and even decent audio ( i was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality , considering it 's a laptop ) .
the fit and finish are top notch ( typical toshiba ) , and everything about this unit feels very high line .
the wireless detachable keyboard and mouse are just icing on the cake .
if you really want to chuck your desktop ( or give it to the kids ) , this one is the move .
( and no , i do n't work for toshiba )

1
my compaq presario included two 2.0 usb ports and a 4 pin firewire ( non powered ) .
the video memory was dedicated it also included jbl speakers that sound awesome for such a small size .
the layout of the ports is very convenient and pleasing .
yes , it is a bit heavy , but so are most other companies notebooks ( other then apple ) .
additionally compaq had an offer for a wireless lan access port and connection point for a very good price via a mail in offer .
this proprietary wireless connection point connected to the back of the monitor and did not use any of the usb ports or pcmia card slots .
i 'm very pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend this unit to anyone .

1
there are two very comparable notebooks close enough in price to call a tie : the compaq presario 1525us and the toshiba satellite 1905-s303 .
on paper they look very similar : 2.4 ghz pentium 4 , 512mb ram , 40gb hard drive , 15 & # 65533 ; screen , ati radeon graphics chipset ( aka m6-p ) .
however a closer look gives the compaq a slight edge.screen : both 15 & # 65533 ; but the toshiba is 1024-by-768 pixels while the 1280-by-1024 pixels .
to your eyes the compaq will be sharper because there are more and smaller dots on the screen .
this matters a lot more than you might think ( the compaq is much easier on the eyes ) .weight : the toshiba is 8.3 pounds , while the compaq is 7.0 pounds .
while neither is a lightweight , you will notice that extra 1.3 pounds if you carry your notebook around a lot.on other issues they are pretty much the same : great for any use other than high-end 3d games ( very few notebooks are ) .both are a little power hungry and don & # 65533 ; t have the best battery life ( 2-3 hours of good use ) .
for more than that you need to spend a bit more on a notebook using a true p4-m processor ( hands down the best notebook cpu ever made but it cost more ) .
however these are very powerful mobile desktops that work great for those who have their notebooks plugged in most places they go .
these machines will handle high-end computing tasks for many years to come , but the compaq wins by virtue of its superior display .

1
you can adjust the video memory to 16 , 32 , or 64mb via the bios ( press f10 at startup ) and an athlon xp 1800+ will outperform a 1.8ghz p4 in most things .
this includes graphics like 3dstudio max .
do n't listen to everything you hear .

1
i love the & quot ; trackpoint & quot ; pointing device and , for a laptop , it 's got the best arrangement of keys .
i got a refurbished one years ago and it 's worked perfectly ever since .
it has all the things i need - usb port , ethernet port , internal modem , dvd drive - and it 's very light and sturdy .
it even has a little keyboard light so you can use it in the dark - e.g .
in a bedroom without disturbing someone else .

1
i have a t20 which is now `` old '' in computer years - 7 or so - yet it continues to chug through whatever i need it to do .
memory upgrades are limited to 512mb for this laptop so i 'll have to move on to a newer computer , however , this one has been a reliable piece of machinery for the money that was spent when i bought it brand new .
today i was thinking of upgrading the memory from 256 to 512 so i stumbled on this site and thought that i 'd add my 2 cents for anyone who 's thinking of perhaps getting one of these old relics as a starter computer for a youngster or something like that .

1
i needed a new laptop so i really splurged and got this one .
i have n't regretted it for one second .
it 's a little bulky to accomodate the large screen size , but it really helps with eye strain and makes dvds look incredible.i use a sony video camera and these two were made for each other .
i got a firewire cable and plugged it in and was really impressed with how great my videos turned out .
the firewire allows you to edit from the computer without ever touching the camera - start , stop , fast forward and reverse cue are all controlled from the keyboard and inside of adobe premiere ( which is a great program which is included with the laptop ) .i have been nothing but completely thrilled with this machine and would highly recommend it to anyone - especially if you do any video editing or home movies .

1
i bought an hp pavillion zt1230 , and had so many performance and hardware issues that i bought this sony just 4 months later !
i use it mostly at home , and take it with me on vacation : i 'm not someone who travels constantly with it for work .
i surf the web with it , do graphics and web design , play video games , and edit home photos .
even while running several large graphics programs at once , the memory is never a problem , and it handles my husband 's fastest video games like warcraft iii .
with the hp , his game is jerky , and there was n't enough memory for me to use front page and photo shop at the same time.it 's extremely sturdy , whereas the hp was not .
i have three children , ages 11 , 2 and 5 months , and a husband who thinks that banging on the buttons will make it work faster !
my hp had three different keys pop off , and the mouse usb port busted the first week .
this sony has been dropped , banged on and spit up in ( my baby actually spit up all over the keys without hurting it ) .the battery life is n't what it claims to be , but then none of them are , are they ?
!
mine lasts about 1.5 hours , and charges back up quickly.the large screen on this is a dream !
i will say that this is a large laptop , and might not be the best choice if you travel constantly with it strapped to your back .
it 's large , much heavier than my hp , and the power supply for it is huge !
however , i think that part of the reason it weighs more than the hp is because it 's built much more solidly .
it still fits into my backpack-style laptop bag easily , and the size and weight are n't a problem in the least for my needs.the processor on this thing is a screamer !
i 've never had a computer boot up and shut down as fast as this one in my life !
and for once i finally have a computer that can actually let me see the benefits of having broadband internet-my other 3 computers did n't let me see much improvement in speed.the keyboard is nicely laid out , with nice , clicky buttons.the touchpad is nice , because it 's not as freakishly sensitive as my other one was ; the hp , if you even brushed against it in the slightest , it would register as a mouse left-click .
i also like the fact that this has an actual scroll bar at the bottom , instead of a `` touchpad scrollbar '' .
it 's much easier to use when my husband steals my laptop mouse than the other one was.my favorite feature about this laptop has been the memory stick drive !
i have both a sony digital still camera and a sony digital video camera , and when i want to load photos and mpegs onto my computer , i just pop the stick into the side of it : no cords , nothing !
the fact that it 's that convenient now motivates me to do it more often than i was before.if i had to find a drawback to this computer , i 'd say it 's the fan .
there 's an intake vent underneath , in the middle , and it 's flush with the bottom of the computer , so it occassionally overheats .
using the two little elevating pegs on the underside in the back raises it up a smidge and keeps this from happening.overall , if you want quality , power , and versatility , i just do n't see how you can beat this without going into the [ $ ] range .
i paid dearly for straying from sony with that last laptop , and it wo n't happen again !

1
apple has done it again .
the powerbookg4 is an amazing computer .
what makes this product stand out from the rest of the notebooks on the market is the obvious thought and attention to detail that went into the creation of this laptop.first the hardware : as an avid bicyclist , this computer spends a lot of time in my backpack on my back .
its light and thin so not only is easy to carry but does not take up valuable backpack real-estate .
you would think that this portability would equate to a downsized computer something with a weaker processor or smaller screen to conserve battery life but just the opposite is true .
1ghz processor and a 15+ inch screen make this not simply a great notebook but also a great computer .
throw in either a super drive or combo dvd/cdrw plus a 60 gig hard drive and you may never use a desktop again .
aside from that add in a ati mobility radeon 9000 graphics processor with 64mb of ddr sdram and you have a computer that meets your needs no matter what your current needs are of future needs may be.software : if you are a windows person , as i was , you might be hesitant to switch operating systems especially if you have become pretty adroit within the confines of the microsoft os .
the fact is though that the learning curve for osx is very gentle .
navigation is intuitive and adding hardware : printers , pda 's , ipod etc.. is very simple - just plug and play .
one of the most amazing things for me , in getting this new laptop , was the wireless network card .
when i turned the computer on for the first time it automatically got onto my wireless network .
there was simply nothing for me to do but just begin transferring things over from my pc desktop to this network.finally value : the cost of the powerbook probably makes you do more then just blink .
when i told my wife the price of this computer , after i had purchased it ( newly married guys take note it is better to ask/ beg for forgiveness then to get a sub par computer ) she nearly throttled me .
but , look at all that this computer has to offer .
when you take into account all that you get and compare it to a similar configured pc laptop from.. oh , wait a minute .
there is no pc laptop on the market that is of this high quality .
well if you compare it to a pc laptop that almost rivals this baby you will see , very quickly , that you have been very cost conscious.in summary : if quality , portability and sheer sexiness are attributes you look for in a computer then look no further apple is for you .

1
mine is actually a generation back ( 800mhz processor ) .
it 's more than fast enough for the things that i do ( graphic design , mathematics , music recording , programming , internet browsing ... can you tell i have catholic interests ? )
the apple bundled apps are fantastic , and iphoto incorporates enough of what i do to my pictures that i rarely open photoshop any more ( not to mention the permanent retention of the original photo is always a good thing ) .
i rarely reboot the system ( it 's just not necessary unless i do an os upgrade ) , or close applications and all is well .
it 's nice to have word , excel , safari , itunes , eudora , illustrator and indesign all at the ready at a moment 's notice.perhaps most exciting is the realization that with this machine i just do n't need a desktop anymore .
my g4 tower gets only occasional use anymore ( and the pc has n't been turned on for nearly a year ) .
this is easily the only computer you 'll ever need .

1
my 15 & quot ; powerbook g4 has lived up to every one of my expectations and more .
i 'm a teacher that uses both windows and mac computers on a regular basis .
it was n't until i had a chance to use os x that i decided to purchase a new mac laptop.i already owned one of the original imacs , but that computer is starting to show its age .
the computer that i used the most regularly is the pc that i built for my wife last spring ( amd athlon xp 1800 running windows xp pro ) .
that computer has served us well , but like every other windows machine i 've ever used , it has major software problems .
here 's the defining reason to buy a mac over a pc .
apple integrates their software into their hardware designs .
microsoft on the other hand has very limited control over the hardware design of computer manufacturers .
thus , windows tends to have more issues with hardware/software conflicts .
once you try os x and all of apples applications ( iphoto , itunes , imovie , idvd , safari ) , you will realize that the power of this powerbook is at the heart of its software.i have yet to see a pc laptop that can match the elegance of the powerbook g4 and the sophistication of os x. sony comes close , but they will remain one step behind as long as their computers run windows.on the other hand , my powerbook and os x is completely flawless .
this laptop , like every other that i 've ever used , gets quite toasty on your lap after you using for 30+ minutes .
there 's a simple fix for this though .
i just put a blanket or a pillow underneath the computer when i use it on my lap .
other than that , i have & quot ; 0 & quot ; complaints .
the screen is beautiful .
the 1ghz processor makes computer & quot ; feel & quot ; quite snappy .
and the built-in dvd-rw , paired with idvd , is awesome !
my best advice for anyone considering the purchase of this powerbook is to test it at an apple store , borrow one from a friend , or just buy it .
you wo n't regret it !

1
i travel a lot .
i need to be connected .
i need to be able to do my work on the road .
i 've been a windows user for most of my adult life .
i 've used various windows laptops over the years .
i 've seen and used friends ' g4 towers and imacs .
i liked using mac os x .
but i was n't sure about a powerbook .
would it be portable and powerful enough ?
then my best friend got one from his employer , and was utterly enraptured .
i spent a weekend using his powerbook , and bought my own matching one as soon as i got home.the 15 '' display is gorgeous .
unlike many windows laptops ( especially the thinkpad i use for work ) , it is readable from many angles .
i often use my powerbook to watch dvds .
for my windows laptop , it is hard to position it so that two people sitting next to each other ( such as on an airplane ) can both see it .
with my powerbook , i never have to worry about that .
besides the fantastic viewing angle , its rendering of colour is very life-like.the weight of the powerbook is great .
for such a fully-featured laptop , the weight is very light .
i carry it all the time and never find myself cursing it for being so heavy.i use the following applications on my powerbook regularly : framemaker , photoshop , toast with jam , quicken and the sims ( hey , i ca n't work all the time ! )
.
during normal use , i usually have framemaker , a couple of web browser windows , icq ( an instant messenging program ) , ical , and mail .
i never have to wait for it to swap between applications like i do on my windows laptop.since os x is unix-based , an experienced linux or unix user can simply open a terminal and do all of the command line stuff you know so well .
i even run xwindows on my powerbook .
i love having a nice-looking gui for some tasks ( such as framemaker ) , but still having the power of lex , yacc , and all of my favourite unix tools .
apache is already installed , i did n't have to muck about with getting perl working .
and i 've never had my powerbook show me the blue screen of death , whereas i get that about once a week on my windows laptop.my powerbook just works .
i can troubleshoot windows problems with the best of them .
but with my powerbook , i never have to bother .
it took three firmware upgrades before my windows laptop would recognise my wireless network .
the first time i turned my powerbook on , it found my wireless network immediately .
i did n't have to bother configuring anything .
any device that i have added has been similarly trivial to set up.i do n't think that i could be happier with my powerbook .
i am extremely happy that i made the switch .
using windows is now even more of an annoyance than it was before i knew better .

1
this notebook outclasses offerings that cost hundreds more .
it has a true intel celeron mobile cpu , which runs cooler and uses less power than the desktop celerons offered in other brands .
it also has an ati radeon 7500 graphics chipset which out-classes just about any notebook out there .
only very new , very high-end notebooks have better chipsets ( with very few exceptions ) .
the only downside i can spot is the 14 & quot ; display ( which does use less power for those who need long battery life ) .
while still large and easy on the eyes , for a little more you can get a 15 & quot ; display ( paired with an inferior graphics chipset , go figure ) .with lower power components ( mobile celeron , medium sized screen ) you can expect to get longer battery life out of this notebook and you wo n't feel like you have a hot plate on your lap .
at 6.4 pounds this machine is a lot easier to carry around than most of the 8-9 pound notebooks you will find in this price range.by chopping a things you really do n't need ( 256m ram vs 512m , 20 gig hdd vs. 30gig , 14 '' lcd vs. 15 '' ) hp has created a lean , but fully featured laptop you can call truly mobile .
with the bonus of a newer graphics chipset you can actually play newer 3-d games on it !
you would have to spend a lot more money before you could really outclass this notebook .
combine that with hp consistently good build quality and you have my favorite budget laptop on the market today .

1
i recently purchased the presario 1516us because i could not take the frustration of my old desktop system that i built myself ( amdk-6 500speed processor ) .
i found that the set up out of the box was painless .
plug it in and boot it up .
all software was loaded and ready to work .
the first test for me with the screen was to test the colors and hues using a dvd .
i found the player and screen very good color quality .
the cd burner operated much simpler than the external iomega burner i have now and i found it extremly simple to use .
the plug and play function worked out very well as i installed additional hardware ( dlink wireless dsl router ) .
battery life is not superb but it seems inline with other notebooks ( i currently operate a gateway pentium 3 -1 ghz and experience similar battery life ) ( avg 2 hours on a charge ) .
the processor seems really quick and without fatal errors/crashes or lock ups .
the physical size of the unit is a little heavier than other notebooks , but i did not buy it to tote on airplanes like my smaller gateway solo 5300 .
the jbl speakers sound quite nice and are easy to adjust the sound .
the back port cover is a bit cheap ( molded plastic with a fold bead- prone to fatique cracks after a bit . )
but when closed is quite sleek .
i was surprised that there was no serial port for sync cradle of my palmiiixe pda .
( had to buy a $ $ $ usb adapter plug that works slowly )

1
i bought this laptop mostly for the speed and the price .
i really got more than i bargained for .
the unit is sturdy , although a bit heavy .
it is a year and a half old and it has worked flawlessly .
i put a 801.11g netgear card in it so i can use it all around the house .
the dvd works great and the jbl speakers are good but you may want headphones for the best sound .
it could have had the usb port on the side or the front but you get used to the rear location .
i am in an online university and this is the best decision i have made on buying an electronic item ever .
i will buy another compaq and pass this one down to my daughter.update : 1 year later - this laptop is still going strong and i would like a newer model but what for ?
this unit is going to be hard to beat .

1
i bought this laptop off of ebay new in factory sealed box .
i got it for about $ 750 , which is a heck of a deal .
opened it up and everything booted fine .
in a few seconds , i had it up and running xp home.this laptop has 512mb ddr ( 64mb ddr shared video memory ) and a 40gb hard drive , which are practically top of the line .
512mb ddr is going to make xp run very fast .
this laptop is actually faster than my desktop pc which has a xp 2000+/256mb ddr.the 14.1 & quot ; xga display is gorgeous .
it is crisp and very easy on the eyes , plus it has beautiful colors .
it may not be a 15 & quot ; , but being smaller , it will save on your battery life.performance is awesome , the cd-rw/dvd-rom drive is sweet , battery life is great , and everything is awesome !
this laptop is great for you road warriors , since it gets around 3 hours ( for real ) of battery life , runs very cool , and is rather compact and thin .
everything works great !
the athlon xp-m processor is also going to save you battery life and heat over the pentium 4-m. amd has powernow !
technology , which automatically controls the processor speed in relation to its usage .
it can adjust the speed from ~500mhz-1.53ghz .
intel 's speedstep technology can only operate at two speeds : full-conk and too slow .
the xp-m also runs much more cooler than the p4-m .
if you notice , the p4-m presario laptops are much thicker than the xp-m ones .
this is due to the p4-m 's requirement for extra cooling , which means more heat and more noise.the graphics are ati igp320m , which uses the mobility radeon 7000 .
it can use up to 128mb ddr shared memory , but 64mb is standard .
the graphics are excellent for dx8/dx8.1 gaming ( geforce2 mx performance level ) , and run every game i have tried so far .
the drivers are awesome , and i have not come across any incompatibilities .
i even use this laptop for autocad 2004 and 3d studio max r5 , which are very intensive design programs , and it breezes through all of the applications.the exterior of the laptop is also pretty hardy .
the plastic seems tough enough for heavy use , and everything is built sturdily .
this thing is built like a tank , and it looks very , very cool.also , compaq tech support is excellent , and i have not had any trouble contacting them or finding solutions to problems .
they are very knowledgeable and professional in their work .
excellent people i may say !
compaq made an excellent notebook that balances price , mobility , and performance all in one .
if you are considering the compaq presario 2100 amd athlon xp-m laptop , go for it .

1
this compaq notebook is real fast and has many other functionality like wireless networking among others like 512 ram , 2.4 ghz processor , 60gb harddisk and many other .
this dude is very kind and help me with many doubts so i could made a good purchase

1
depending on what you want , this is a great little system .
i will be attending college soon and this is great .
i can watch dvd 's , burn cd 's , and do anything else i need to .
having the flexibility of the modem and the ethernet port is great.now , if you want to do some intensive gaming , this is n't for you .
but if you want to do some basic games ( such as strategy ) and all the other basic functions of a computer , i highly recommend it .

1
i 've had this laptop for about 11 months now and i really ca n't say anything bad about it.loads of features that are listed in the other reviews but one that 's been missed is the built in wireless antennae .
that means you install the card inside the laptop and do n't have to deal with an antennae sticking out the side ready to break off.i have found i can get nearly the 2.5 hour battery life if i do n't use the cd-rom drive.i ended up paying only seven hundred fifty dollars after rebates from best buy.i would recomend the upgrade to 512 meg of ram though .

1
i 'm certainly not a techie and so do n't necessairly expect that i bought the best computer ever made .
what i wanted was something that could replace my desktop computer and one that i could still take with me when necessary .
the 5205 certainly filled the bill .
it 's fast enough and has enough functionality to keep me going for some time .
there is the good sized hard drive ( 60gb ) and plenty of memory ( 512mb , standard ) .
there is a combo drive and some nice little things like the usb ports being 2.0 .
one firewire , but that 's enough for me .
and i like the sound system , which is wonderful for a laptop .
there is a monitor port , tv out , a sd card slot -- absolutely all kinds of little goodies .
i suppose if a machine tries to be everything to everybody , it can end up with problems , but so far mine has been absolutely trouble free .
might be a little too big and heavy for a roadwarrior , but if you just need to haul it around now and again it 's great .
one more neat little feature : it comes with a little remote control unit .
very handy for presentations .

1
hi..i 'm halil ... now i am writing about toshiba satellite 5205-s505 notebook .
you have already determined the price of this notebook about 1,699.99 dollars .
now i wonder , is this price include a tax ?
.
if not , what about tax ?
.
than i live in turkey..so how can i get this notebook..if i come to usa , can i get this notebook more cheap ?
give me some information please.. : ) already now , thanks for all helps ...

1
awesome machine .
it has a huge , clear , bright display , good resolution , a comfortable keyboard , decent sound output , a powerful processor , plenty of ram and hd space , one of the best ethernet cards around .
definitely recommend it.i have yet to try to install linux on it .
seems like there 's not much information about it 's compatibility , and some devices are unlikely to work , like the modem and power management , but driver support for sony is coming along nicely.weight and battery life are issues to consider : if you 're looking for a laptop you can use comfortably on a long flight , forget it unless you buy a power port adapter - on mine , batteries last for around an hour and a half with normal use .

1
i purchased one of these in 1995 and the hard drive failed in the first week .
toshiba over nighted a replacement to me and the server ran non-stop 24 / 7 from august of 1995 until i turned it off in late 2009 to relocate it .
i have never been more satisfied with any piece of equipment this server was using linux red hat server .
i am now trying to locate replacement drives as the original drives were inadvertently removed and reformatted .

1
i 'm a professional software developer , and i was looking for a notebook computer that had enough oompf to serve as a mobile software development workstation .
my new toshiba is it .
this thing kicks butt , period .
as for the guy whose computer froze up after watching a dvd ... this is one guy .
forget him , it can happen to any computer .
if you 're a pro , and want the best , this is currently it .
come on ... a 1600x1200 ultra-bright screen that you can see in direct silicon valley sunlight ... a 64mb geforce card that makes this system rival top desktop video game pcs ... great for direct3d and opengl software dev too ... a *very* loud speaker system with a subwoofer for real bass ... a 2.4 ghz p4 ... i mean come on .
if this is n't more than enough for you , nothing will satisfy you .
stop wasting your time looking for something better - it 's not out there ( as of sep. 2003 ) .

1
i bought this laptop seven months ago for $ 1500 ( after rebate ) , and i 'm so glad i did .
it has an excellent screen and battery life .
it 's relatively thin and quite ( unless fan kicks in & lt ; 5 % of time ) .
i 've also had no technical issues to date , and i 've used it at work everyday .
originally i was kind of disappointed about the wireless range , but then i learned that i could download a newer driver off the internet .
now it has a much more reasonable range .
i definitely recommend this product .

1
after a couple of months of searching , i eventually settled on buying a couple of these laptops for my engineers .
we have very specfic as well as demanding requirements such as high graphics resolution , lots of ram , lots of cpu power as well as good connectivity and cd-r/w , etc .
this machine gave us this all for a very reasonable cost in a surprising lightwight but relativity robust package.we upgraded ram to 1 gbyte , and a big plus is the fact that we can go higher to 2gbytes if we want to .
the large 16 & quot ; screen and high resolution ( 1400x1050 ) is great , and with an extenral monitor we can go to 1600x1200 which is is essential for us .
so far we have had no problems .
in fact my engineers who are quite critical due to the extremely demnading nature of their jobs and the software we run , have given this machine very high marks .

1
the best thing i bought from amazon.comonce again thank you amazon for this great notebook .

1
i have a great sony desktop system , but needed a machine that could travel with me .
the intel centrino first attracted me because of the built-in wifi capability , but i bought because of the extended battery life ( & gt ; 5 hours ) and fast cache.at almost 7 pounds , this is not the lightest laptop out there , but it is easy to carry .
the 15 & quot ; screen is nice ( i 'm used to a 17 & quot ; screen at home ) and the built-in dvd/cd-rw drive is handy for file management and watching movies .
the tft monitor is not as crisp as some , but the display is good for text , graphics and video.i have n't used the wireless internet access much , but it seems to work well .
overall , internet access is fast and smooth with a broadband connection.the keyboard is comfortable to use , and the touchpad works well .
i do n't care for the eraserhead-pointstick , but that 's a personal preference .
this one is probably better than most i 've tried.the toshiba provides lots of flexibility for add-ons with the slimselect bay , sd slot and a variety of ports and connectors.there are cheaper laptops out there if you do n't want the intel centrino technology .
i figured that by the time you bought the wireless card and an extra battery , the prices got a lot closer .
add to that the fact that with this one you do n't have to drag an extra battery around , and i was ready to buy.this could be a good desktop replacement or a fantastic road warrior accessory .

1
i am very happy with the toshiba m15-405 .
i have a mitsubishi 18 '' lcd monitor at home and the toshiba looks just as good .
sharp lines and crisp colors.i am finding the wi-fi capabilities to be satisfactory as well .
battery life according to the onboard indicator is over five hour fully charged , i have yet to run out of battery power .
the keyboard is comfortable and the unit does not get hot , the left side does warm up but not to an uncomfortable degree.the speakers are nice , loud in a quiet room , acceptable in a moderately noisy environment but i would still suggest headphones for this or any laptop to avoid annoying others .
you can definitely hear the speakers in a conference room full of people .

1
this is part of a larger class of laptops running processors slower than 2.4 ghz that are becoming the targets of deep discounts and rebates now that faster machines are on the move to market .
... this machine painlessly recognized both my home wired and wireless router connections , and i was online in 15 minutes after opening the box .
for the price , you ca n't do better in terms of hdd size ( 40 gb ! )
and memory ( 512mb !
! )
.
three issues : 1 .
the bundled cd-rw software is goofy and non-inutuitive .
although i was able to use it , i pitched it after two days of trying to figure out it 's wacky interface and installed nero .
2 .
this is neither ultra-thin or lightweight ( 6.2 lbs ) .
since most of my mobile needs take place in car , this is not an issue for me ; your mileage my vary if you are hauling your hardware through airports .
3 .
the heat thing other reviewers talked about : yes , you can feel the warmth on the right side of the touch pad .
frankly , i have n't found a single laptop mouse-equivalent that i like as much as an actual mouse ( unless i 'm completely veggged on the couch or on a plane , i do n't use the touchpad much anyway ) .
i would not consider the heat an issue : most laptops have a hotspot someplace .
4 .
battery life is middle-of-the-road ... but offers excellent power management tools to give you advance notice of battery loss.great performance at this price point ... more so if additional rebates are available.i 've used laptops for many years , but this my first personal purchase of one .
toshiba laptops enjoy a good reputation ; based on my initial experience with this one , they should .
bottom line : i 'd recommend this to my mom if she were in the market for one : - )

1
first , hot spots ?
i think that the reviewer may have had a bad computer because i have had my 1135-s155 for a while and it has no hot spots on the upper surface.the main pluses with this 2gb , 512mb , 40gb computer ( other than those listed already ) are that it comes with 3 ( yes , three ! )
usb 2.0 ports when most low end computers still have 1.1 ports ( the speed difference is amazing ) and that it has 32mb of dedicated video memory when all other companies are still using shared memory in their low end machines .
truly a great buy for someone that needs a good solid performer .
btw , exactly who in the corporate world uses all the features on those $ 3500+ machines ?
really ?
!
?

1
first off , i dont know what all of the fuss is over concerning the issue of the hotspot .
i have had this laptop for 8 months now and ive never had an issue with the so called & quot ; hotspot.
& quot ; the computer runs great except for the fact that the touchpad freezes occassionally ( not the computer , but only the pointer because keyboard can still control the computer ) .
also the left click on the touchpad has seemed to have gotten stuck .
it still functions but does not give the response i need for it , so i just switched the left-right mouse controls .
the hd has plenty of space for just about anything ( keep in mind its just a laptop ) .
the cd burner is quite quick for a laptop at a great price .
i can burn a cd in a few minutes which is not long at all , especially for a laptop .
the screen has excellent resolution for a 15 & quot ; screen on a laptop .
i watch dvds not only at home but also on the road and in the air with no complaints on performance .
overall this is an excellent computer for someone that wants a good laptop but doesnt want to pay a great amount .
i read the reviews on here before i bought it and they made me a bit hessitent , but i 'm glad that i chose this toshiba .
out of all of the computers i have owned and do own , this is an excellent machine .

1
actually , i have the 1135-s125 which is the same computer but at 1.8ghz , 256mb ram and 30gb hd .
i just wanted to comment that the overheating issue only occurs if the cdrom is constantly in use .
when the cdrom has been used for a long time ( say reinstalling the software , etc . )
, you will find that the surface for your right hand is somewhat warm/hot .
in normal use , when you do not use the cdrom much , it is great.i like my unit a lot ... and i decided not to spend an extra $ 150 for the s150 .

1
the price might be a few hundreds more than your budget ... but if there 's something i have learned as a consumer , it is not to scrimp on a computer !
a computer is meant to be used for years so you might as well invest on something as powerful as sony pcg-z1a .
it has a big memory , it 's fast , and it 's much lighter than its counterparts .
i mean , just look at the specs !
other computers may have the same specs but they will be twice as heavy .
the resolution of the monitor is also fantastic !
try using another computer after you have owned this one and you 'll see the difference especially when watching dvd 's .
it 's truly awesome !
the sounds seem unimpressive when listening directly from the speakers but you 'll be surprised by the good quality upon using a headphone .
be aware too that this does n't have a floppy drive .
it should n't matter though since it has a cd-rw/dvd drive.the lightness of the computer , of course , does n't prevent you from bringing it with you and doing your work wherever you want .
the wireless internet connection also allows you to regularly check your e-mail and write back to your family , friends , or co-workers .
i thought i do n't need it , but now , i can see how it makes things more convenient - a good thing for people always on the go.with it 's matted silver finish and slim compact design , you 'll always want to bring it with you .
i say , do n't stay with a computer that you 're not completely happy about .
i did n't .
that 's why i replaced my old laptop with this beauty.trust me , you 'll fall in love with sony z1a !

1
the nv290 has some very redeeming features despite its weight , which is closer to 10 pounds not 14 .
all of the nv series notebooks that use the intel processors are quiet .
i purchased a 2.6 ghz vaio notebook and it was so noisy i decided to stay with the nv290.-the compact woofer module delivers a full sound that is more like a boombox than a notebook ( the 2.6ghz grx680 model sounded like a pair of loud headphones . )
i think every vaio notebook needs a compact woofer for movies and music.-another small but overlooked feature on the nv290 is a rotary volume knob on the side !
( another feature that should be standard and was lacking on the grx680 . )
-i love the 8x dvd read speed on the toshiba dvd drive for ripping movies ( the noisy grx i bought had only 5x ) -the nv290 offers an av out jack ( mini ) for connecting the notebook to a tv or dv camera via composite video .
if you reduce the resolution on that output closer to that of the analog tv you get a decent picture on almost any tv !
-finally , the unit feels solid and durable .
( the grx touchpad was chinsy and felt hollow . )
this rare notebook series is one of a kind and i lament the day i have to `` upgrade '' : )

1
i bought my t40 used and did n't pay the typically high ibm pricetag , however i have been extremely impressed with this notebook .
the speed , reliability , and build quality are excellent .
some of my laptops at work are newer , but i would n't trade even up for them .
thinkpads have a great tactile response to the keyboard and the multinav is convenient ( once you get used to it ) .
my 2 year old dropped mine on a tile floor on its corner - not a scratch on it and still worked great .
can your laptop do that ?
?

1
i realize nobody may read this review at this late date but thought i would share my experience with this machine .
i have owned it 4 years now and it is still running strong , especially acconting for tech progress over 4 yrs .
i have upgraded memory to 1 gig which helped the windows xp performance tremendously .
another tip i received is whenever i run on external power , i remove the battery , hence i still get approx 2hrs runtime on the original battery .
i run the included battery optimizer every 3 months .
( nice feature which compaq no longer includes with it 's laptops ) .it still handles all basic computing duties ( internet surfing , email , playing and burning dvd 's and cd 's etc .
i have also added a usb wireless adaptor as the original epansion slot was ruined by a bad network card .
i have kept it updated with all microsoft and compaq updates as they came out and also run webroot antivirus and spyware remover programs.in total , this thing has been rugged and reliable after 4 years of service and it still runs strong .
it is the main reason i have bought 3 more hp/compaq laptops since then to handle various other duties .

1
i set out to get the cheapest name brand notebook i could find .
i always thought hp had really good quality desktops , so i decided to try their notebooks .
i was suprised that they were the cheapest as well .
the athlon processor works great , and since it 's a mobile version , it runs fast and stays cool .
the fan only comes on when doing cpu intensive tasks .
the memory is in 1 chip which makes adding more memory very easy .
the screen is outstanding , very bright and crisp .
i ca n't say anything bad about this notebook .
if you 're looking for a good powerful notebook and the lowest price , this is it .

1
i recently got this laptop .
the machine performs really good .
the screen is very clear with no distortion .
i have a 1.6 pentium desktop .
i can not see any difference between this celeron laptop and the my desktop .
excellent features for everyday use .
simple layout and less weight .
i higly recommend this unless you want to spend some extra $ $ $ just for a pentium name .

1
i have read many reviews for this laptop and the number one complaint is how loud the fans are .
this i agreed to..but ... with the new bios updgrade just released for this laptop , they are much more quieter !
..seriously , you will be amazed at the difference !
simply go to the hp website and download the update for the bios and u 'll be completely happy with this laptop if that was your only dislike , like it was for me until i updated .
now that they are quieter , this machine just amazes me .
i highly recommend it !

1
my expensive new hp laptop is now slowly dying because hp apparently did not provide enough ventilation to keep the motherboard from cooking.so i got out my old compaq 2135us with a new appreciation for it .
this laptop has been totally reliable and suits my needs perfectly .
i did install a little more memory.the battery did need replacing once ( with 2 weeks to go on the warranty - thank goodness for best buy ) free !
strangely enough it has a fairly short boot up time.if you want wireless just plug a wireless card in a side port.summary - 1/3 the price of an expensive laptop and 3 times more reliable !

1
first thing i should mention : i bought this laptop at a spectacular sale price .
i paid $ 729 for this machine with 640mb of ram ( maxed out ) and an airport card with it .
i highly recommend that you do max it out .
i played with the 128mb version of this in compusa and i noticed it to be significantly slower .
when maxed out , this machine will run significantly faster than my 1.67ghz windows xp desktop in any task you will throw at it .
on top of that , the mac os is far superior to anything ever put out by microsoft .
it 's stable , easy to use , it just works .
i have os x panther on this and i highly recommend it .
i could never live without expose , apples far superior answer to the pc bar at the bottom .
for those who are not familiar with it , this new feature in panther will allow you to push f9 on the keyboard and show every window that is open .
it will show exactly what is happening in that window at the moment , meaning that if i were to have a video running on it , the video would play on the tiny window as i look for the window i want .
i click the window and it goes back to normal , only with that window on top .
very useful.besides that , this machine is very well designed .
the ports are on the side , no more reaching behind to plug it in .
its got a thick layer of plastic casing , yet is just over an inch thick .
the 12 inch screen is amoung the clearest i 've ever seen , and is suprisingly easy to use .
the speakers are just okay , but you do n't buy a laptop for speakers anyway .
the snow colored design is absolutly beautiful , and is a nice plus .
the screen is on a solid bar , not one of those flimsy pc hinges .
this is the most solidly built , yet lightest , thinnest , most compact laptops i 've ever owned or used .
i have had several pc laptops before this one , and this is , by far , the best machine i have ever owned.by the way , the battery life on this machine is , to sum it up in one word , unbelievable .
i can get about 4 hours of battery life while watching videos on this , surfing the web i can get upwards of four and a half or more !
the low power consumption of the g3 processor makes this an ultra-portable machine.for those who are considering switching .
do n't be discouraged by the os right away .
it is something you will need to get used to , but after a few days you will never know how you ever lived without it .
i now go back to my pc and just absolutly despise it every second i use it .
i have now gotten used to the mac and enjoy it more than i ever did with my pc .
you know what they say , once you 've gone mac , you do n't ever go back.well , to sum it up , this machine is perfect .
i have yet to come across any sort of flaw whatsoever .
mac has thought this thing through , their attention to detail is amazing .
everything down to the little hook that comes out just as you close the lid to lock it shut has been designed perfectly .
this is n't something that has just been scrapped together by dell or something , this is a powerful piece of computing genius that has been designed for people out to make the intelligent choice for their computing needs .
if you 're stupid , go the ways of the pc world and conform to the ways of bill gates if you 're smart , buy a mac , you wo n't regret it .
i guarantee !

1
as a writer for lowendmac ( [ ... ] i know my mac .
i 've had this comptuer for a few months now and absolutely love it !
while it 's not my main computer , i use it to take to class and around campus .
paired with an airport card it 's awesome .
for the price , this provides every i 'd ever need .
the small size is great to take around campus or anywhere , and everyone thinks it 's so cute !

1
when investing in a laptop/notebook , it is always difficult to draw a line as to how much to spend .
do you spend a couple of hundred more to get that dvd burner or do you settle with just the cd-rom ?
the apple ibook with dvd-rom/cd-rw combo drive is the best value for money i have experianced .
i 'm a student and believe me , this was no small investment for myself , however i am extremely glad with the results.the programs run smoothly and beautifully .
while opening 3 or 4 programmes at once is never a good idea on any laptop , the ibook can work its way through with little trouble .
i have it just under a year now and it is going wonderfully .
all the software on it is excellent and easy to use .
there has been no trouble for me in terms of transfering from pc to mac .
the constant updates apple makes available mean that my software can be kept consantly up to date.the dvd playback is spectacular for a notebook .
the detail is so crisp , its just as good as any tv .
you can also see the screen clearly from a much wider angle than most notebooks.the sound leaves you a bit wanting , but its still pretty good for a notebook.the battery life is fantastic .
everyone keeps saying they cant rely on their battery life where as my ibook can power on for up to 5 hours if im just working on the net.the biggest warning i have for buyers is that the networking between my ibook and my universities pc based network has basically been a dead goose .
it just does n't want to register.it is just such a fun , jam-packed , beautifully presented piece of technology .
i can not imagine ever going back to pc .

1
i bought my ibook around xmas and i was very impressed !
the graphics are increible !
!
!
this a fast computer especially when i added 512 mb of ram .
if you arent computer literate ( which seems like the people who didnt write a good review for the product ) then apples arent for you .
if you are not very good at computers and have trouble on them then go with a pc .
i am very satisfied with it and i actually started on a pc and made the switch .
i will never go back to a pc .
apples are absolutely awesome computers with sweet applications .
itunes , ilife '04 , and safari are great .
it seems like they made this computer just for me and if you bought this , youd feel the same way !

1
nope .
ca n't buy a mac at wal-mart .
but you can buy lots of pc 's there .
curious is n't it ?
this machine obviously is n't for the masses .
it is for the reserved few who want the best .
it does everything my pc does , just better.i will say that i do n't really waste time with video games .
if you are a gamer , you may not want a mac .
stick to your atari , or whatever .
if you want the best in a personal notebook , that offers great speed , a system that never crashes , surf the net , grab email , manage your digital tools , ( camera 's , ipod 's , isight , ical , ichat ) you ca n't beat it.it 's also the most beautiful hardware , and operating system on the planet.it 's not for everyone , just the ones who know better .

1
i got my ibook ( 600 mhz ) a year ago and have been thrilled .
i was a pc user before , and decided that it was time to see what else was available .
i could n't have been happier with my choice .
i 've used the ibook to make movies of my new son , organize my digital photos , program , surf the web wirelessly , manage all my e-mail accounts , and many other things .
to put it simply , it works well .
i have n't had any problems with it working with my pc and am able to move files back and forth without issue.you ca n't go wrong with the ibook .
it just works .

1
i knew the apple machines were userfriendly , but after i bought my first mac ( this 12 '' ibook ) after years of intel and amd windows machines i fell in love immediatedly.the thing that appeals to me most is the fact that everything i needed was already on the machine ... i switched it on , and could start work immediatedly.the itunes music package is like windows media player , winamp , cdex and nero combined .
the mail program looks deceptively simple , but has powerful rules as well as great beysian spam filtering.but for those of you who want more out of a machine than just pretty ... the whole underlying bsd architecture is great !
awsome stability and recoverability .
great networking .
( could have made windows connectivity simpler though ... ) the only thing that i find a bit lacking is the 128mb ... and i reccomend that you expand it to at lease 256mb .
( but this is only really nessesary if you have many applications open at the same time ) as for the battery life ... i 've gotten more than 3 hours out of it once .
not that i ever use it for long periods away from a power connector.as a microsoft user and a gamer , i just had to get a two-button mouse , and am quite pleased that it worked seamlessly and without a hitch .
my original warcraft iii cd installed and played with few problems ( only the memory issue ... need more ... ) and quake3 worked like a charm.hope this helped you make a choice !
ps : the 12 '' display is excellent quality , and the size of the ibook 12 '' makes it sooo easy to move around .
i prefer it to the larger models .

1
i am so very glad that i switched to mac .
i was frustrated up to my neck with windows , and i am very pleased with the mac os -- incredibly stable .
i am a student , and really need the portability factor .
this definitely gives you that !
it is so light .
i have all i need here : internet , word processing , and cd/dvd combo .
i did buy some extra memory , which is a good idea ; you can work very well with just the 128 mb , but to be able to open a dozen programs at once , it 's always a good idea to have that extra memory -- particulary with memory costs as low as they are now .
and amazon.com definitely had the best price -- i did plenty of comparative shopping .
great investment !

1
when i was struck with the urge to buy a laptop , i spent a good deal of time reviewing the half dozen models that apple had to offer .
the powerbooks were all the rage .
my local dealer and many reviews pushed me in that direction ; and , in truth , powerbooks seemed to be technological wonders - the 17 '' screen model dazzled , the little 12 '' one could be had with a dvd-burning super drive , they had the superb g4 processor , etc .
but three weeks ago , i took the plunge , and i ignored all that by securing the 14 '' screen ibook .
it may be `` slow '' and `` yesterday 's technology , '' but that 's not apparent to me - i love this computer !
it has a brilliant , beautiful screen that is a delight to my 60+ eyes .
it does everything i need in a flash , including multiple programs , songs , photo management ( adobe elements 2 ) , and movies with imovie .
the suite of included software , including apple 's digital hub , is fabulous .
the machine is gorgeous ( though , to be frank , some might say its bright , white finish is akin to a kitchen appliance ) , extremely sturdy , and it gets warm , but not hot .
best of all , perhaps , is the price : hundreds less than a powerbook !
this is especially true when you factor in the cost of applecare , the extended warranty program ... applecare provides terrific protection and allows you three years of telephone support from apple 's excellent technical support team .
`` what 's not to like ? ''
i can only carp about three things .
the speakers are pretty lame - `` lo-fi , '' to be sure - but earphones cure that .
another usb input or two would be welcome , but a hub is the answer there .
finally , there is apple 's decision to eliminate a microphone input , this from a company on the leading edge of multi-media - what were they thinking ?
... so , for function , for appearance , and particularly for value , i 'd urge you to take a long look at the ibook .
it 's just been bumped to 900mgz , and it has 256ram standard , so unless you 're into cad/cam or games with great graphics demands , it 'll do the job for you , and you 'll have money left over for some other toy ( s ) .

1
i have now had my 14 '' ibook for going on two years and it is still a treasure .
this was my primary mac for about a year and i have since purchased a g5 imac but the ibook is still my favourite .
although based on specs and tech yammer it is not up to scratch i can think of few things that i ca n't do with this smart looking machine.even though it isn ; t a g4 it runs ichat with no problem and basically does everything that my imac does..without the fan noise .
i run photoshop , word , flash and even imovie on it with no complaints from this trusty little workhorse maybe if i used a stopwatch i would see that it is slower than newer machines but really , the difference would be a matter of seconds and that dpesn ; t really matter in the great scheme of things .
the fact that the fan seldom kicks in makes the ibook a truly quiet machine and with an external keyboard and a stand it makes a great desktop replacement .
an external hd is a good addition , though , as the basic 40gig builtin drive fills up fairly quickly .
upgrading to the max of 640mb ram also causes a real speed boost.road warriors will find that the ibook is very sturdy , looks great , and gets excellent battery life..mine is two years old and i still get 4.5 hours out of the original battery.in a word if you are on a budget and want to use all the ilife applications and virtually every other application this machine comes highly recommended .

1
i 've had this powerbook for five years , and it 's still going strong .
it 's a great computer for traveling ( you can really notice the difference between it and a full size mbp in a backpack ) .to optimize performance , you should upgrade to 1.1 gb ram ( costs around thirty dollars ) , buy a faster hard drive ( a 160gb 5400 rpm ata drive for around sixty ) , and install osx 10.4 , which is far faster than any of the previous osx releases , and is marginally faster than 10.5.if the fan comes on too frequently , try using some compressed air to blow dust out of the computer , or better yet , open it up and give it a good cleaning .
opening the case or replacing the hd is about a 1 hour job , so have someone else do it if you 're not good with tools .

1
i resisted laptops until picking up this 12 & quot ; powerbook 9 months ago .
i had always felt that switching from a desktop to a laptop model was a bit like going from a steinway to a flimsy electric keyboard ( i 'm a pianist ) .
but i 'm sold .
i take this machine to the library , where it works wirelessly ; i bring it into the classroom and use it to project dvd 's ; i take it to bed and do mail and amazon reviews .
people comment on how cute and compact the machine is .
i-book users envy my speed and multi-tasking abilities , apparently beyond the lower-priced apple models that sport the same g-4 processor.one complaint : after an hour this is a & quot ; hot & quot ; machine .
no problem if you 're using it as a faux desktop model .
but if you take & quot ; laptop & quot ; literally , be prepared for hot thighs .
at least i do n't have to tip it .

1
i am writing to you on my vaio pcg-frv25 .
yessiree .
bought it right when they were available over 5 years ago , and it is astounding to me that the processing speed keeps up with all my work to this day.i dumped an entire glass of milk on this thing back in ought five .
zapped the keyboard .
one inexpensive replacement keyboard later , i was back to illegally downloading music off limewire.of course that `` adequate '' 40 gig hard drive is full , but my 300 gig g-drive q is the perfect dumping ground for the memories we 've shared.ah well .
good times , sony .
good times.never did use that memory stick .

1
for 1500 dollars , i recieved a very fast , aesthetically pleasing laotop with modern capabilities .
it is a little heavier than some competitors , but , oh well that is trivial .
i love it !

1
this is a fine laptop .
it is fast and has been dependable .
it is no hotter than any of the other laptops that i have owned , and i have held all of them in my lap while i did work .
it is a superb value in todays market .

1
i am very satisfied with my recent purchase of this notebook .
i love the speed , and display of this sony .
it 's dvd-burning capability was definitely a perk for buying this product .
it 's a bit pricy for some , but definitely a good buy .

1
after 3 months using it , i found that the touch mouse was acting like crazy .
when i called the technicians at sony , they told me it is a typical problem on 505.i sent the notebook for touch-mouse replacement and took less than week to get it back .
( i live in great la and the service center is in san diego ) i have no complaint on sony service center , but 2 months after the repair , there are some symptoms that i will probably have the same problem soon .

1
i have 3 laptops now , an alienware 51m 3.06ht monster , a hp ze5185 medium and the tr1a , i love the tr1a , its very small yes , if you have bad eyesight , i would n't recommend it.large hands migh thave trouble with the smaller than usual keyboard.my only real complaint is that it does n't have built in ir , but thats only because i need it , and i 'd prefer not to use up a usb slot or have a dongle hanging off it.display is fantastic , speed is great , seems to be about equivalent to a celeron 1.4 or 1.6.its a little flimsy in some ways , but also really well built in others.hard disk performance is great , i run developer studio 6 on it mainly and it copes no problem , which i was suprised at just how perky it is compared to the tablets or transmetas.battery life is simply phenomenal , its hard to achieve close to 7 hours as claimed , but i 've made 4 easily.very very happy with it .

1
i 've been waiting for this compter for quite a while .
it actually replaces my 505tx , which is a pentium i , 300 mhz , which i kept alive only by upgrading the hd to 40 gb .
i almost got the srx model , but they pulled that before i made a decision .
the new v505 caught my eye , but was not small enough .
i had to hold out for this one , i knew it would come eventually .
very nice and worth the wait .
the look and feel is everything you expect from sonystyle .
the performance is quite nice , not a pentium iv 3 ghz , but definately snappy and it 's hard to beat a 5-7 hr battery life .
the screen is unbelievable .
it 's like comparing an lcd to a crt .
it even looks nice and shiny like glass .
i 'm not 100 % sure if it is the transflective screen or just a different filtering , but it is wonderfull .
might be hard from some to get used to , but if you 're looking for something this specialized , you probably know what you 're getting yourself into .
on the downside , 30 gb hd is full of sony programs , and they should have keep the bluetooth and wifi5 capabilities of the japanese version .
hope you all enjoy it as much as i do ...

1
i was originally considering a dell d800 but decided that was not what i needed .
i only spend a short amount of time at clients and this has been perfect .
i have the extended battery on order and expect to work a full day without charging .
only problem is that bluetooth is not included .
the on/off switch for the wireless is great .
i highly recommend this for anybody who is on the move and does n't want a lot of weight on their backs .

1
clearly they do n't care about this phonetop computer .
its the end of 2013 and still they have n't changed it..

1
this a the ultimate business machine .
if you are a mobile warrior , who means business ( without compromises ) , buy this machine yesterday.it has almost full size keyboard with excellent feeling , all the functionality that you need .
i hope the next model will have wi-fi functionality , and a little bit more support from the software developers .

1
i spent 3 months looking around for my first computer .
budget constraints and value for money were important considerations .
after looking at laptop deals and incessantly waiting for a great laptop deal from dell ( some of which i missed ) , i decided to go for an ibm g-series/toshiba 207/307 .
according to some of the user forums and ratings , ibm and toshiba laptops were rated among the best .
i dont profess to be a computer expert .
and all my views are as a result of seeing several laptop models and info websites , and comparing features.the ibm g-series costed more and had less features than this model ( esp .
ram ) .
the 307 model had a dvd writer and some superior features like higher hard disk space , superior broadband wireless etc for a great price .
but , i thought it best to wait until the market settles for one of +/- r & rw ; dvd writers .
comparing features/price available on the laptops , i finally decided to settle for the toshiba a25-207.like one of the other reviewers , i got this notebook using free , standard shipping in just 2 days .
thank you amazon for your prompt delivery.pros : good value for money , nice screen , good battery life , good picture quality .
i like the design and its ergonomic features esp .
slightly off-center touchpad.cons : heavy as should be expected from a desktop replacement.some of toshiba 's competitors have superior resolution lcd screens viz .
sxga and uxga in their laptops .
still , the current xga tft is better in a toshiba laptop than some of the others that i had looked into.the placement of keys in the keyboard is not exactly to my liking .
i guess i will get used to it in time.the latch that shuts the notebook while unobtrusive seems to be flimsy.has 3 usb ports placed next to each other at the back .
would have preferred if two were placed at the back and one/two on one of the sides.i dont know why toshiba went back to the shared , integrated vram .
some older toshiba models had 32 mb of nvidia geforce ram , not integrated !
overall , this is a great laptop , especially for the price i paid .

1
this is my first experience with a pc laptop .
i could n't have picked a better model to start with .
it is lightening fast and very user friendly .
its screen is unbelieveable and the wireless internet is terrific .
after spending more than fifteen years with a macintosh i could never go back to apple .
price alone is the big incentive for you get much more with toshiba than apple could ever offer !

1
after a lot of research and waiting for price drops , especially on dell and sony , i decided to go with toshiba .
then i found a great deal on amazon .
final price without tax or shipping is lower than from best buy or circuit city ( and do n't have to wait for the store rebate ) .
plus i got a set of accessories for free , and rebate ( free ) on a backpack .
but perhaps the most impressive thing was that i ordered this notebook on sep. 16 , using free , standard shipping , and got it on sep 18 !
!
!
almost too good to be true.about the computer , so far so good .
quiet , fast .
one thing i have to warn you is that this computer is set to `` hibernate '' when you close the display panel , meaning that it will shut down .
i 'm not very familair with notebook computers so i do n't know this , and the computer does n't come with the manual , causing a little frustation trying to solve the problem .
so i found out that you to push the on/off button long enough to boot it back on .
i almost thought i got a defective one.it 's a little heavy like other reviewers said .
screen is better than i thought ( but maybe not for large 3d games ) .
speaker is ok , standard .
should include a manual instead of a user guide file ( because if you ca n't get the computer to start , how can you read it !
?
? )
.
but if you plan to use it as a desktop replacement , it 's looks and feels sturdy enough , and i trust toshiba , in terms of reliablity .

1
i have two other laptops , a panasonic toughbook for work and a dell latitude .
i immediately noticed the toshiba satellite has a solid feel and is comfortable to use , much more so than the dell .
i have not noticed any problem with the touchpad as mentioned by other reviewers .
there is plenty of space for your hands to rest on the keyboard , and i noticed my hands do not tire as easily .
the keyboard is well laid out .
it is virtually silent , unless the fan is briefly running .
i did find that the unit gets quite warm , but i use it on a lap desk .
the 15 & quot ; screen is very bright and clear ; the resolution is great !
the sound through headphones is very good .
i am used to having two card slots , so having one , was different , but hey , i only use one card at a time anyway , for my wireless .
two usb slots are enough for me and i consider the combo dvd-rw drive a plus .
all in all , this is turning out to be a stupendous buy , made more so by the fact that i paid less than $ 500.00 brand new , after ( the dreaded ) rebates .
in my opinion , to get something this wonderful for this price is certainly worth the rebate hassle !

1
i bought the toshiba satellite a15-s1292 for about $ 550 after all ( annoying ) mail in rebates and for the cost i paid , its an amazing machine.i have also installed redhad linux operating system ( i can work in either redhat linux or windows xp ) and a wireless pcmcia card & there have been no problems.i dont have extreme processing requirements & for all the work that i do , this machine is pretty fast.things i like-1.there is ample palm-rest space - so there is no strain at all when typing.2.the display is an inch above the keypad and it gives you a feeling that you are looking into an ultra thin monitor.things i dont like-1.junk software that comes along - quicken , aol , drag'n'drop - the cd writing software ( was horrible ) .2.the keyboard is bouncy & really annoying.a note to those who want to play with bios settings .
normally if you want to enter bios , pressing f1 or f8 or del key ( one of these three ) will take you there.but with toshiba you will have to start up xp first and then go to bios through toshiba console.overall i would say that this is an excellent performance for a budget system .

1
easy to use , i was online with my wireless connection is less than 2 minutes after i started it up .
great value and features .
i paid just over $ 1k for mine .

1
i am a student ( 14yrs ) and i was shopping around for a laptop for [ a certain price range ] .
i tried dell and hp , but there was no way to get this kind of configuration for this price .
then i found this laptop , and i immediately knew i had to get it .
it arrived less than a week after i ordered it on amazon.com .
here are the pros and cons of this laptop : pros : *performance : the laptop comes with a 2.2ghzs celron processor , which is more than enough for the average student .
it is even very fast at ripping mp3s , which uses a lot of processing power .
*graphics card : the graphics card that comes with this is a 64mb intel video card .
i was blown away by its performance .
i turn all the graphics settings in flight simulator 2002 to full , and the video still moved smoothly .
this graphics card is certainly good enough for the casual gamer , but serious gamers should look elsewhere .
( the battery life stinks when playing games though - i only got about one hour when playing nfs iii ) *screen size : the screen is huge - almost as big as a 17 '' crt monitor .
it is also very crisp and clear .
i will never go back to those bug bloated blurry crt screens .
*weight : this is n't really a pro or a con - at 6.2lbs , it is neither heavy nor light .
a 2.2ghzs pentium 4 laptop would be about 8lbs ( very heavy ) , but compared to a 4lbs apple power book , this laptop is quite heavy .
*802.11b : this laptop has an integrated wifi card .
when i bought this laptop , i also bought a usb 802.11b wireless network adapter for [ a price ] , and in 20 minutes i was surfing the net with no wires attached .
also you can turn of the wireless card to save batteries if you 're not using it .
great for surfing the net anywhere in your house .
*combo drive : the integrated cd burner / dvd drive means that you can watch dvds or burn cds right from your laptop .
this is a great plus for people who want to do everything from there laptop .
now i almost never use my desktop pc .
*dual monitor support : this is great for people who want to make power point presentations from there laptop .
you get a lot more control over the presentation.cons : *battery life : they say you get more than 3 hrs battery life , but do n't expect more that 2 and a half hrs of word processing , and even less when watching a dvd or gaming .
*heat : the bottom left hand side of the laptop gets very hot .
after a about 15mins , it gets too hot to use on your lap .
i did find a position where i did n't touch the hot part , so that solved the problem.conclusion : this is the best laptop out there for the average student , casual gamer or someone on a budget , but serious gamers , and persons who want a light weight laptop , or lots of battery life should look elsewhere .

1
i have sony cameras so i wanted something with firewire and memory stick to do photo and video editing in the field .
i started with a sony grv-680 , or some such , but that was a beast of a laptop , so i got this .
so far i love it .
i upgraded to xp pro so i could use offline folders on my wireless network at home , which has worked flawlessly .
the built-in 802.11b found my network automatically .
i also have an 802.11g card that i pop in when i want more speed .
this notebook is a great looking and great performing package .
i definitely recommend it .

1
this machine is one of the most awesome pieces of equipment i have ever come across ... it is fully loaded ... like buying a rolls royce with a ferrari engine ... the 2.8ghz processor keeps it humming ... while the huge screen and ram keep it kicking ... i love it

1
this is one fantastic machine .
i 'd do it again even though i found a few problems.first , the toshiba carrying case is the only one that really works .
you can get them at compusa .
kensington has a small one but not enough room for all your stuff.it 's possible to get a virus almost immediately after going on line .
mine needed 13 windows critical updates and 9 other recommended .
norton was no help as it was an xp flaw .
i did my updates on a lan system behind a router configured to block all the nasty ports .
i recommend this procedure if you can get access to cable/dsl with a multi-port router.the only shortcoming i found is the touchpad sensitivity .
it 's way too high and there 's no way to reduce it through software properties .
toshiba has updates for numerous things but not touchpad sensitivity .
you can shut off the pad , ctrl-f9 , and use an external optical wheelmouse plugged into the side usb port.these few problems will be solved so do n't wait to enjoy the machine .

1
i love it !
!
!
highly recommend it .
i keep reading the reviews about lacking customer service , but i cut my charging cord by accident and had to get a new one and the customer service was awesome .
they over nighted a new one to me free of charge .
but for those who had problems with them , that sucks and im sorry to hear that .
overall , i 'd buy it

1
if you 're looking for a portable desktop/multimedia center , look no further .
although it 's probably one of the heaviest notebooks out there at 9.9 lbs , you 'll soon forget about the weight once you see the enormous 17 & quot ; widescreen display .
not to mention the blazing fast p4 2.8ghz hyper-threading chip and the 800mhz system bus .
the dvd-rw is also a nice feature for home movie making and watching .
because of the widescreen , it is able to house a full-size keyboard , which is always a plus when performing tasks that require lots of typing .
the entire notebook is housed in a sleek , modern casing with a metallic blue outer shell , and silver metallic on the inside .
it has all the ports you need , including an s-video out for connection to your tv , and four - that 's right , count'em - four usb 2.0 ports for hooking up peripherals .
it even has an sd drive for loading pictures from your digital camera.the harman kardon speakers , while a good idea , are a little on the & quot ; tinny & quot ; side , so the integration of a subwoofer would have definately rounded out the audio experience .
battery life is a little on the short side , but what do you expect from something this powerful ?
i probably would n't recommend extensive traveling with this beast due to it 's sheer size and short battery life ( in addition to finding a laptop case that will fit it ) , but as a portable desktop going from room to room in your house , it should fit the bill just fine .

1
i purchased a p25- ( s ) 607 about a month ago and have been nothing but pleased with its performance.pros-a .
huge screen that really allows you to see a lot at one timeb .
really fast computer .
benchmarks were outstanding for this product when i ran them right out of the box .
they did nothng but improve after i did all the recommended steps ( esp .
driver upgrades ) c. lots of goodies that no other laptop has ... 4 usb 2.0 ports are great , and the dvd r/rw is really fast ( 4x ) by today 's standards .
the 5400 rpm hd is fast , though with 60gb is n't the biggest out on the market these days ( though with a dvd rw you really ca n't mind too much ) cons-a .
this puppy is big ... and heavy .
even though the screen is a whopping 17 inches , there is an area around the screen of unused plastic ( about a 1-1.5 inch edge ) this only adds to the huge footprint of this laptop.b .
the keyboard is relatively big , but is still not quite full size .
in fact , the keyboard on my 15 inch compaq laptop is actually wider by almost 3/4 of an inch .
it is still a capable keyboard though .
it is also placed in about the center of the huge case , which can make using it a bit uncomfortable.c .
lights , lights , lights ... boy , this thing has a lot of pretty blue and green lights ... and i ca n't find any way to turn them off .
this can be a bit distracting while watching a movie in the dark.d .
battery/tv tuner issues .
there is only one battery port , and if you want to use a secondary drive ( or the included tv tuner for that matter ) you have to remove the battery .
i know it seems semi-logical as you will be plugged into a cable anyway for the tv , but at the same time , you would think toshiba would find a way to incorperate a battery.e .
price- lets face it ... this is n't the cheapest laptop on the planet ... though it is one of the fastest and best equippedall in all , i would probably rate this as a 4.5 star computer .
i have n't fallen in love with it yet , but the courtship is well on its way.l .

1
i bought my 2175us six months ago and i do n't have any complaints .
it performs excellent and the wireless function is flawless .
i would recommend this computer to anyone , do n't be afraid .

1
my 2175us is now 1 year old !
!
has not crashed even once yet..lesser heat , very little noise , great battery life..what more do you want from a notebook that costs $ 1100 ?
?
absolutely no worries with an amd .
this notebook rocks !
!

1
well , it was cheaper at bestbuy ( $ 1100 ) .
this is a nice machine .
large screen .
no floppy , but has a nice cd burner/dvd .
the scrollpad on the touchpad is a nice & quot ; touch & quot ; .
the button to switch off the touch pad is thoughtful .
hardware supports xp hibernation mode , which is very nice .
the ram and cpu speed are appropriate for heavy multitasking , xp handles multiple windows/tasks just fine.the builtin wireless is great .
only gripes : the speaker grille looks & quot ; cheap & quot ; , the cpu fan exhaust looks like it 'd let lots of dust into the inside .

1
as a ( poor ) it manager trying to make my first impressions , i was somewhat limited in the amount of money i could spend for a new work-related laptop .
fortunately , hp had the answer.the ze4430us is listed as a value notebook , with not quite the speed of a pentium 4 , but with greater potential than the celeron .
after working with multiple 2.4ghz pentium 4 processors , and after comparing the abilities of both , i will always consider an amd for my chip needs .
this laptop runs faster and multitasks office applications at a much faster rate than the 2.4ghz p4 this chip is aimed at ( hence the 2400+ nomenclature ) .
i was already impressed.the ram is on one chip for 512mb , instead of the industry standard of 2 256mb chips .
while this might not seem too important , it means that to upgrade the ram , you spend a lot less money , and you do n't have to throw your valuable ram away .
even with the 64mb that the ati radeon 4x agp controller permanently allots to itself ( this figure is adjustable ) , you have plenty to work with out of the box.with a 15 & quot ; display ( only xvga ) , a touchpad that you can deactivate , integrated ( if somewhat tinny ) altec lansing speakers , and a dvd/cd-rw combo drive , this computer seems to have it all .
then we come to the integrated 54g wireless lan card .
even the ( overpriced ) centrino system only has b support ( as of feb 12 , 2004 ) .
the increased speeds are extremely noticeable , expecially with a fast broadband connection.for the money spend ( an open box deal for under $ 1000 ) , i could not ask for a better computer .
keep your prescotts and banions , intel , i wo n't buy another laptop until amd puts a 64 into a notebook .

1
nice 15 '' screen , decent ram and hard drive amount , fast cpu ... a great laptop at a very reasonable price .
i 'm coming from an apple notebook and i 'm definitely not going back .

1
have had it six years and counting .
although i have other laptops and desktops and besides it 's limitations in memory , it still is the most reliable system i have .

1
sorry to break the news to the previous reviewer ( please -- you really have to use a product more than one day to give a competent review ) , but there is nothing cheap about this laptop .
perhaps he had it configured with a little less power , but mine works as well as any laptop i 've ever used.this is my second laptop , but the first one was a small 486 i bought because the size was cool .
now , that one was cheap .
ibm has made the best laptops and have the best service .
the only question for me was initially , whether i wanted to pay for it , and then , which one do i get .
mine is configured with a 2 gig chip , a 40 gig hd , and 512 meg of ram .
please do n't skimp on the ram or you will wonder whether your system is slow.it came complete with windows xp ( which i do n't care for ) and i had to reconfigure everything so it looks more like windows 2000 , which i have on my other desktops .
i use the laptop for surfing on wireless internet connections -- both home and away , writing letters and other documents , doing some financial spreadsheets , and will soon be doing some film editing work .
the trackhead ( whatever its called ) works much better for me than the simple trackpad .
but the pad is there , and you do n't have to use the eraser shaped head in the middle of the keyboard if you do n't want to .
i do n't remember hitting the head and moving the mouse when i typed the letters & quot ; h & quot ; and & quot ; g & quot ; ( or whatever two keys it is between ) so if you do n't like it , it should never interfere with your work.the screen is great !
big enough to have your desktop arranged like you like and plenty big to watch dvds .
the cd/dvd tray comes out , and feels somewhat flimsy , but you should n't have a problem taking care of it .
on the left side are the various inputs , including ( at least on mine ) usb , firewire , and s-video .
for you multimedia types who want a powerbook for creative tasks but need a pc to do real work on , do n't worry -- the thinkpad has what you need .
i considered a powerbook and might have actually bought one ( even though i 'm firmly grounded in the windows camp ) , but the prices were just way too much , and i would need a boatload of additional software for the mac .
while your emotional side might miss a pb ( apple does have a knack for appealing to the emotion ) , the logical beast in you will realize the tp has what you need.the unit will , like every other high powered laptop , get hot on bottom .
mine does n't create much of a problem .
when i 'm using it on my recliner , i put a pillow under it and i am fine .
when using it on a table or desk , there is no issue.battery life on every portable unit is always disappointing .
i 've had my tp since march and have used it some , but not a great deal ( once or twice a week on average , but lately increasing ) .
i 'm at a little more than three hours , and there is an indicator that clearly gives you an idea how much time you have left .
if you fly cross country or longer than 3 hours and need all that time to work , you will need multiple batteries.finally , i have n't noticed any pixel loss on my screen .
the unit is solid enough to take most anywhere .
while i treat all my equipment well and do n't dropkick anything , if you are a bit rougher on your stuff than i am , i do n't think you will need to worry .
but do n't take this review for any advice on how the ibm will work if mistreated .

1
advanced user got this for my stepdad .
one of the best investments for a new notebook from amazon.com .
as is it looks good , but just in case i do have win 7 ult ( ( ( 32 bit ) ) ) that i will intall on this notebook , after i make a dvd with original drivers just in case .
the notebook seems good for most programs , and cpu is more than powerfull enough to run them .
for only 418.00 with tax and free shipping for a duel 15.6 inch u ca n't go wrong .

1
there 's nothing i do n't like about this laptop so far ( i 've had it for a month ) .
it 's fast , it 's got a huge hd , lots of nice features , it 's easy to use , big display ... i could go on but it would just be more of the same .
i would say it 's definitely worth the money .

1
i bought the zd7010 on a whim to replace my atrotious gateway two years ago .
i usually do n't buy hp products , especially since hp and compaq are one and the same .
however , i have never been happier with it .
i havent had a problem with it yet .
i have read the earlier reviews on this site about putting to memory sticks in it and it wont work .
well i put two good quality sticks of 512mb in it and had no problems .
i suspected they put low quality sticks in it .
also , if people think this laptop is loud , then they dont have a real gaming computer at home .
anyway , this laptop has run everything i have thrown at it , including half life 2 .
i have also literally went around the globe with it on numerous times on several deployments .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone

1
i bought this system 2 days ago , and have had no problems at all like the other review here says .
it seems to be the most stable system i have ever used .
it is extremely powerful when it comes to graphics and games , and for the price , a cd-rw/dvd drive is reasomable .
i would not reccomend it for a traveler , it is pretty hefty , but for a mostly home user that just wants to be able to move from room to room , it 's perfect .
with built-in 802.11g , there 's no need for anything but the computer itself even when you do travel .
this is 3 months after i wrote that , and i must revise that rave review .
the mouse 's touchpad goes bad anywhere from 2 days to 3 months after you buy a laptop of this zd series .
i went through 2 myself , and ended up buying a toshiba p25-s509 , a notch up , and have had no problems with it yet .

1
got one of these for my gf .
she runs excel and some specialized db clients at work , so the built-in numeric keypad is great for her .
for fun she runs photoshop elements and other photography stuff .
the big screen is great for excel but it is not just big , it is stunningly beautiful and bright , perfect for looking at or retouching pictures .
the machine has a fast processor , lots of connectors , surprisingly good battery life , and an excellent wi-fi antenna .
the only downsides are it 's big ( we refer to it as the largest laptop in the world ) , it has a primitive super heavy power adapter like a brick , and it runs windows -- i 've been running mac osx for awhile now and i like it a lot better .
but no current apple laptop can match the speed of this thing ( there wo n't be a g5 laptop for a bit yet ) , and apple 's 17 `` screen , while great too , has nothing on this one.hp has replaced this model with another that is slightly faster but otherwse identical ( i 've seen one ) .
believe the model number is nx9500 .

1
this is an excellent laptop , it is well worth the money.the harmon/kardon speakers give a crisp clear sound with more bass than any other laptop speaker i have ever heard before !
the 17 & quot ; screen is great for playing games , and the gforce fx 5600 w/ 128 mb of ram is excellent on mine !
!
!
the 2.66 ghz is enough to run any application or game flawlessly .
and the thing i like most is how good the touchpad works .
hp has also incorporated a media card reader which unfortunatly does not support the & quot ; compact flash & quot ; type cards.there are a couple of bad things though that should be seriously considered before buying this laptop !
!
!
the desktop processor eats up the battery as fast as 1 hour and 45 minutes , of course there are things you can do to extend the life to around 2 hours and 20minutes like dimming the screen , turning off speakers/ wifi , and using the nvidia low power feature.the two vacumme cleaner fans on the bottom are loud and can be blocked easily , but it does keep the laptop very cool.but back to the good things , there are 4 usb 2.0 ports and a built-in firewire port.this laptop is not what you could consider & quot ; ultra portable & quot ; but it is usable on an airplane !
!
!
all you need to so is buy an amp , then you can easily get 300watts of power from any 12 volt ciggerette lighter plug.i do not regret buying this laptop at all .

1
the hp zd7010us is not for the `` light of heart '' pc user .
first , it is big with the 17 ich screen and heavy ( about 9 pounds ) and unfort .
with the high speed of this unit and the brillent display comes one big problem for portable use .
the battery life .
if you turn off most everything and are very carefull about the screen ( use more contrast and less brightness ) and do not access the hard drive to often , you can get maybe an hour of life and that is it .
45 mins is more the normal , so if you have a long plane flight , take a plane adapter or a extra battery or so .
so thats the bad stuff.this thing is amazing at its speed , you rarely will see the hourglass display come on .
the screen is great , very bright and clear , much like a desktop hgh end lcd monitor and the 17 inch size is great as you can see a full two pages of info , great for looking at two web pages at once .
the sound with the harmon kardon speaker system is fantastic , i play `` titanic '' on it and it sounded like you were at the movies .
the disk access is fast and quite and the wireless works without a hitch .
also its neat that it comes with a bult in card reader for up to seven different kinds of memory cards so no adapters are ever needed for this one , the keyboard has a excellent feel to it and the keys are well spaced and its nice having a seperate keypad .
i found thee mouse touch pad to work very well and smooth , unlike alot of touchpads this one does not skip around .
it has a large surface area that doubles as a wrist rest on the unit and the 60 gb hard driveis plenty .
i might want to upgrade the memory to 1 gb some day , but in everything i did , the standard memory worked just fine and that involved many very large jpg files from my 6.3 mp camera .
even thou this is a large notebook , it has such a neat modern style that it looks very thin and you do not realize just ow large it is until its on your lap .
i hardly ever used my desktop system anymore as this unit is so darn fast and everything just works fine .
i have never had to reboot the machine and can not find a single software problem .
i updated mine with windows office 2003 and onenote and that makes a fantastic combination on the unit .
be prepared that if you use this pc in public , you will get alot of people looking over your schoulder and asking `` what is that '' some think its the 17 '' mac , but everyone that looks at it loves it .
with the large frame , is helps out in the cpu problem of getting to ot to have in your lap , this one only feels a little bit warm.i can not think of anything i would change on this unit ( other then better battery life ) but then with this speed cpu and screen size , i would not expect the worlds best battery life .
i would say that hp has a very clear winner in this model !

1
gateway is without a doubt the best computer brand .
i previously had a gateway laptop that lasted me about seven years .
seven years seems to be unheard of for a computer !
and believe me , i was not easy on my laptop .
they make a good product and unlike many other brands they make it to last .
i knew that i would be buying a gateway when i decided to get a new computer .
i am very happy with my purchase so far.one of the best aspects of this laptop is how silent it is .
sometimes i forget if i turned it on or not !
one of the aspects i was looking for in a new laptop was a dvd/cd-rw drive .
i have n't used it to burn any cds yet , but i have watched many dvds on it .
the color and focus of the dvd player is very sharp .
i have come to prefer to watch movies on my laptop as opposed to my television !
i noticed another reviewer complaining about the low battery life .
well , i keep my laptop plugged in all the time so that 's not a problem for me .
but to that all i can say is : what do you expect ?
i get about 2 hours from my battery if it is n't plugged in .
to me that is about standard for a laptop .
if you expect to get six hours of battery life , you 're dreaming .
one very positive aspect about the battery is that it charges very fast .
leave it plugged in for fifteen minutes and you will replenish an hour 's worth of battery.this computer is perfect , in my opinion .
if you do n't buy this particular model , you should still buy a gateway computer .
do n't go for the cheap brand just because it 's cheaper .
you get what you pay for , and with gateway you get the best .

1
... is how a company deals with a problem when it arises .
anything made by the hands of man can break .
the mark of a truly great company is how id handles a sticky situation.within the first 15 days ( which is explained to every customer when they purchase ) if anything is wrong , they will give you a new system on the spot if possible .
since the above reviewer 's computer broke after that time , her only option was the local service center who of course does not have laptop parts in stock .
no service center does .
the important thing is that gateway has always handled my service with a smile and quoted me less than a week for turn around time .
gateway also has priority warranties that provide loaner systems to clients who can not be without a computer .
as a long time gateway customer , i am sorry that this person had such a poor experience , but i would ask others to look at the things gateway does offer ... extended and personalized warranty options , local service centers ( neither dell or sony has that ... ) and training for those people that are n't as computer savvy as they would like to be .
the 350 series is awesome .
dell ca n't beat it for quality and speed of components at this price point .
go gateway !

1
i was amazed with the speed of the computer even it is a celeron .
higly recomended .
if you are not in design or graphic designer , this computer is more than enough .

1
while apple 's 12 & quot ; and 17 & quot ; new powerbooks were great , they tended to be for niche markets .
the 12 & quot ; was aimed at journalists and others who needed a full-function laptop as small as possible .
the 17 & quot ; seems to be used more in place of a desktop than as a laptop .
now all the new technologies previously only available in the 17 & quot ; model , such as built in airport extreme , the back-lit keyboard which adjusts automatically , the high-speed system bus , and built in 800mbps firewire are available in the most convenient laptop size .
i have been able to use the system in an advance release at my university and it is stunning .
it is fast , the superdrive is excellent , and the features are great .
of course it ships with os x and apple 's isoftware , all of which are great .
i used to use a windows based pc , but have really appreciated both the power and ease of use of os x .
and now i can use two mouse buttons .
it is certainly a laptop well worth waiting for .

1
i just upgraded to a new new pb 15 & quot ; aluminium from a very cute first release white 12 & quot ; ibook .
i am pleased for the various reasons given by other reviewers .
i am not computer expert , but my work takes me consulting at different companies .
one of the amazing things is how quickly my pb connects to the various lans then it & quot ; finds & quot ; through rendezvous all the networked printers in the building , often numbering in the hundreds and instantly makes them available .
i have used powerbooks and macs for a long time , and these machines and this version of os are simply the best , more agile in windows networks than windows machines themselves !
there are so many other stunning things that this machine can do , and i am having fun in and out of the office : the best $ 3000 i have spent , on the machine and upgrading the ram to 1gig .
could have gone up to 3 gigs , but what would i be doing with all that memory ?
i initially tilted towards the 17 & quot ; , but i am glad i settled for the 15 & quot ; .
the screen is plenty big .
how does one carry a 17 & quot ; aircraft carrier around .
then there are choice limits to one 's work surfaces .
15 & quot ; is certainly the way to go .
my only regrets : if i had waited just two weeks , i would have acquired the faster 1.5mhz powerbook that apple just released .
i think there is a 2.5mhz powermac g5 in the horizon .

1
this is awesome !
i replaced my desktop with this feature-rich laptop and love it .
the wide screen is perfect for watching dvds and the design is stunning .
the best part about it is os x .
very stable and much more intuitive than it 's windows counterpart .
i ca n't think of one bad thing to say about this laptop .
yes , it costs more than your average laptop , but it packs many more features .
worth every bit of the money .

1
i believe if you are looking for a laptop you should look no further than the powerbook .
i have the 15 in .
and love it .
i am always using it and barely ever get away from it .
i love the os x operating system and setting up the computer was a breeze .
i would definitely recommend it to you .

1
first of all , i 'll begin by saying i 've been a long time pc user for years .
i 've always admired the macs , but they never had the right os .
the 10.2 version of os x definitely changed that for me.you see , i use pcs because frankly , they were cheaper and had more software compatibility , but they have security issues and stability issues .
i like the unix systems ( linux and solaris ) for their robustness , but frankly , i never could get into xwindows.now , w/ mac os x , i have a great ui and a unix shell for power use -- sounds like nirvana !
so i finally caved in and picked up a powerbook 15 .
the 12 '' is a little too small , and the 17 '' is too large to be portable .
i took the wraps off the 15 '' powerbook and set it next to my dell inspiron .
never has my dell looked so ugly than when next to this aluminum beauty.i powered up the powerbook and quickly figured out my way around .
my only gripe was that the terminal application was buried two levels deep in the menu , but that was quickly fixed by pinning it to the dock .
all my favorite unix tools were there : perl , awk , gcc , and vi .
what do you know ssh is there out of the box.within minutes , i had downloaded eclipse , set up an ssh tunnel to my office and was working on the same java application that i had been working on my dell .
the only difference is i did n't have to download 15 applications to get it all working .
beauty !
one downside -- the laptop is so beautiful that i 'm being extraordinarily ( picky ) about how i put it away .
i kept some of the packaging and continue to use it .
i put the foam sheet between the keyboard and the screen when i close the powerbook and i cover it w/ the foam cover to prevent it from getting scratched when i stow it away into my bag .
: )

1
i have owned 2 dell pc 's in the past 8 years and have made the almost seamless switch to one of the best computers i have worked on , the mac powerbook .
i have experienced 0 problems and have also purchased the apple care with my computer as insurance which is the same as what dell does as well , offer an extended warranty .
so to combat what the person said above , first you should always take the extended warranty no matter how much it costs , it technology and it can malfunction .
and secondly i had my last dell computer crash and and lost everything i did not back up .
i was able to get help from dell but i waited on the phone for hours and every person that i talked to had a very hard time speaking english well .
the communication was horrible .
point of this message , the apple is far superior !

1
like it or not , i 've used windows/pc for the past 12 years .
macintosh occasionally appealed to me , but i did n't get it partly because it 's expensive , partly because of compatibility .
at work and at home , i owned : dell inspiron , thinkpad , dell/hp desktops , running windows 98/2000/xp .
also i tinkered with sun workstations running unix ( i 'm an ee guy and have a respect for unix ) .after 12 years of microsoft ( and blue screens ) , i made a bold switch to apple powerbook 15 & quot ; with 1.5ghz/512ram/80gb , and i 'm so happy with this system that even 5 stars are not high enough.- the sleek aluminum chassis and the wide screen generate wow !
effect.- this 15 & quot ; machine is lighter than my old dell laptop.- it 's very quiet during operation , but the bottom side may occasionally become hot.- the keyboard has a good depth and touch , and the backlit keyboard is simply cool.- using the built-in microphone , you can play the bundled 3-d chess game via os x 's voice-recognition .
is n't that futuristic ?
about software compatibility ( from ee guy 's viewpoint ) : - ms office 2004 for mac became my favorite patch of programs .
even better than the xp version - a very important factor in my decision to switch.- math tools , especially mathematica 5 and matlab , run well on mac.- favorite design tools , adobe photoshop and carrara 3 , work well .
after all , mac was built for them.- there are tons of open source programs you can use : gimp , a/g blast , ... - some layout and cad tools are not compatible .
i have to use old pc .
for those number-crunching jobs , however , i do n't use laptop anyhow.as much as i enjoy steering this elegant silver machine , i love to navigate through the mac os x .
as sun 's bill joy said during an interview , & quot ; mac os x is rock solid & quot ; .
i like the idea of using unix commands on my mac , although i can do everything with the user-friendly mac interface.yes , powerbook is more expensive compared with dell and other pcs , but you get what you pay for : top-quality components , futuristic functionality , eye-catching design , and the enormous joy of owning a rock-solid elegant machine ( like bmw ! )
.
you 'll definitely like this one !

1
there is no compelling reason to ever own a desktop machine with the likes of the fabulous apple powerbook .
this is a fantastic , futuristic machine that will never be obsolete .
packed with the latest technologies , the pb flies through even demanding tasks such as video editing with grace , speed and stability .
with the unix-based osx operating system and the excellent ilife application suite you will never go back to the colorless windows world.there is no better machine out there than the powerbook line ; i 've owned 30 computers and this one is far , far superior to anything else out there.it 's that good .
nurture your right-brain creativity ; the pb is the perfect tool to take your hard-earned skills to another level .
whew ...

1
it 's beautiful , and i consider it to be a member of the family .
in addition to what other reviewers have written i just want to add that there are some common problems ( according to the store who fixed my mac ) : - it does n't stay closed , this is very inconvenient since i like to put it to sleep by closing the lid .
it keeps popping open and waking up again.- the keyboard sticks along the side .
the keyboard fit is so tight that if it is placed in a little off , your keys will stick a little on one side- it does nick and scratch , beware- open and close with both hands , or the screen will get a permanent lighter shade where pressure is applied .
keep pressure on the screen frame.- when using imovie with lots of clips , i suggest closing other programs or imovie will slow and even shut down unexpectadlyso you know , if you ever lose a key from your keyboard , all the powerbooks have the same size keys .
you can take a key off a 12 & quot ; and pop it on a 17 & quot ; .
in any case , if i had to pick a computer all over , i would still select the 15 & quot ; powerbook .
it 's a great computer .

1
this powerbook is a work of art.. very well thought out from the hardware to the software ... ..the windows platform has only one advantage over mac products ... .their price point .
i have had this powerbook for 2 1/2weeks and have only used my pc three times ( to get files i needed ) .i know the prices are higher on the mac side , but the money is well spent ... .. if you can afford a mac then get one , you will not be sorryhope is helps someonebest of luckjd

1
yes , yes , it 's heavy and hot as hell .
this is not the machine you prop up on your legs to read google news in bed .
hopefully you have something better to do with your us $ 3k- $ 4k anyway.i 'm a professional media designer and image maker , and i replaced my old dual-processor macintosh with the 17.1 '' 1.33 ghz powerbook .
this is a machine to tote onto a job site or to a presentation and produce great work ... perfect for freelancers and those who might not work at their home base all the time.two great things i 've not seen other reviewers mention are the audio hardware quality and dual-monitor support ; these ca n't be under-rated .
my dell pc 's audio line out is noisy and full of hiss , while the powerbook 's line out is so quiet that many musicians simply plug it into a club 's audio system and it sounds great .
dual-monitor support is second to none .
after chafing a bit at the widescreen nature of the screen ( i.e.
, only 900 pixels tall ) , i instantly shut my mouth when i plugged in another monitor and it immediately started running at 1600 x 1200.while there are some compromises one must make in going mobile , this machine does not disappoint .
rear legs for improved elevation , easy expandability , even a real tray for the dvd-rw drive ... all these things have been removed to make the machine as streamlined as possible .
but i happily accept all these compromises to use a macintosh that is powerful , relatively lightweight , portable ... and sexy as all get-out .
it 's the only computing device i 've ever owned that is a conversation starter .
now if these people would only just let me get back to work ...

1
i love this mac it 's perfect it came with every thing i needed for school and it was easy to put light-room on it it 's perfect !
: - )

1
greetings all , the other review by sherrila levin for this item is inappropriate and overzealous ( i 'm a die-hard mac fan ) .
make no mistake this is a phenomenal computer yet there are some buts ... in a nutshell : pros : - you 're walking around with 17 '' gorgeous object of envy that has a stunning display great for games , dvds , doing photoshop/illustrator work , etc .
the great screen ratio is perfect for design apps with palettes , toolbars and the like.- for a laptop , great sounding speakers- backlit keyboard : nifty little feature that is best when you have it plugged in .
otherwise , works well , but is an added drain on the battery when going mobile .
though , the ambient light sensor that adjusts screen brightness and backlight is awesome when it fades in to let you know it 's working.- usual suspects of big hard drive , fast processor , pretty snazzy 3d card , lots of ports , dvd & cd burner and loads of ram make for a really agile portable workhorse.- it 's always great owning something where you can see the designers put oodles of love and obsession to detail.- slot loading drive ( has no breakable moving doors ) - does not generate heat like previous g3 models or earlier g4scons ( few and almost trivial , but worth noting for the uninitiated ) : - 6.8 pounds is n't the lightest thing in the world if you 're lugging it around on one shoulder- shell is slightly soft and gives way to some small body damage easily ( i accidentally dropped mine on the corner from about 1.5 ft off the ground - now have a nice ding .
other users/reviewers have also mentioned this issue as well ) .
just do n't be as klutzy as me and you should be fine.hope this helps .

1
i purchased this laptop because of price and a lot of research .
i run my online business alot from the comfort of my sofa at night ( when the kids are sleeping ) to check for payments made !
i made mine wireless so i can go on anywhere with it , i can use it upstairs when the kids are in the bath , its awesome !
i love my compaq !

1
this laptop is just great .
it is light and portable .
after having suffered with having two laptops ( non-sony ) damage themselves because of a cost cutting strategy of using the screen itself as a support member , i have switched to sony .
they have a case that is stiff enough to actually protect the computer .
a 12.1 & quot ; screen is the perfect size for most things ( especially if you are are trying to use it on a plane and you find yourself in coach , you just ca n't open a 17 & quot ; screen unless you are mini-me ) .
this machine is great for everything you might need from a notebook and want to use it outside of the home.great job from sony !

1
i have been a long time fan of sony technology , and in my lifetime have purchased 5 sony pc 's ( two desktops , three laptops in total ) .
i also own a sony flat screen tv , sony dvd player , sony playstation 2 , sony stereo system , sony digital camera , and i have owned three different sony clie 's ( pda ) .
i have consistenty found sony products to be of high quality and highly reliable .
i agree that sony tends to be on the pricier end , but i personally am willing to pay the extra bucks for a package which combines style , performance and innovation .
but i digress ... so , this laptop is perfect for somebody like me ... i 'm a woman with small hands and the need for a lightweight laptop that can also perform .
( granted , if you are a bigger person with large hands , this probably is n't the laptop for you , but then again , you 'd have problems adjusting to the keyboard of just about any ultra-portable , i think . )
i have a fast-paced job which requires a lot of word processing , spreadsheet production , desktop publishing , and e-mail , and i use this laptop at home many an evening and when i am travling to keep up with my workload .
in addition , i am an avid pc gamer , and this machine has done quite well with just about every game i 've played on it thus far -- including doom 3 , which just came out ( granted , you do n't get the top-notch , bells-and-whistles experience given the specs , but it 's entertaining enough ! )
.
it 's also one of the few ultra-portables that actually has the optical drive ( dvd/cd-rw ) drive integrated , which makes it really quick to pack up and go .
my system has never crashed , my screen has consistently delivered a lovely picture , and this thing just keeps on going and going and going .
i 've had it for about a year , and the only reason i might sell it is to upgrade to the latest v505 model .
i 've had this baby for just under a year and i love it !
!

1
wow .
i 'm also surprised at all the negative reviews .
maybe i just got lucky , but this laptop has done everything i expected it to .
keep in mind that i 've had it since march of this year ... so that 's a good 9 months of use .
it 's perfect for my school assignments .
it runs things i need like ms visual studio just fine .
and i can bring it to school without the power cord , knowing that i will have enough power to last me several hours.i even played star wars : knights of the old republic and city of heroes on it over the summer break .
for coh , i had to kind of tweak the video card a bit ... but that appears to be a known issue with customized laptop video cards ( mobility radeons , to be precise ) .overall ... i love this laptop .

1
this computer works terrific even with demanding applications like the music production tools i use .
altough it is not designed for that kind of work , the processor works pretty good and has enough ram for almost any application.i am happy with my purchase , no problems at all : silent , powerful & amp ; fast ( not the best pc of course ) , not heavy , well made , clean screen , nice touchpad and keyboard , great connectivity ( wifi , vga , ethernet , usb , firewire , you name it ! )
and super value .
bad points : a weird noise sometimes when reads cd 's , and the speakers ... well as a music professional i was n't expecting much anyway from those tiny things ; i use a pcmcia pro audio card instead and works terrific .

1
this laptop is the best .
it has great battery life and can do many great things .
perfect for watching dvds .
the best , least expensive laptop that does anything needed for a student .
can even play most great games .
i use it mostly for internet , writing papers , and watching dvds .
also has huge hard driv that can allow you to hold tons of pictures , music , and movies .
the only drawback is that it needs a better graphix card in order to play some of the newest games , but a graphix card is very cheap and you can get a new one at a great price on ebay .
great laptop at best value !
!
!

1
i spent about 8 hours online and another 4 hours in stores comparing all the available laptops and features .
for the price , you wo n't find a better combination .
i 've had this machine since christmas , and it 's been great so far !
i almost went with the 17 & quot ; model of this very same computer , but chose the 15.4 & quot ; to have some sense of portability .
even so , this is fairly large for a laptop.that said , it 's worth it .
the only drawback i can really make any mention of is the keyboard .
it 's not a true full-size ( no number pad ) , and some of its keys are somewhat oddly placed .
it can be disconcerting if you accidentally hit the keys directly to the right of the enter key , or hitting the touchpad , which can easily be turned 'off ' ( which still allows for maneuvering the cursor ) so it does n't interfere with typing ( default setting on mine was to have the 'tapping ' feature on , so i turned it off ) .the screen on the toshiba was the best of any model i was able to use in any of the stores-bright , easily adjustable , and crisp .
excellent dvd playback , and games run without any hesitation .
for those who require excellent sound , external speakers are necessary .
for a laptop , the sound is decent .
photo editing is a snap ( i wondered if the 512mb ram would be enough , and have n't had to wait long yet while editing even very large photos ) .with this computer and broadband , my home page is up and readable before my old computer would 've recognized that i had clicked on the ie icon ... cool !
suggestion : get a firewall !
zone alarm pro is excellent .
the ease of using the media center is a treat .
also , any 'store-bought ' computer will be out of date with updates/patches , etc .
first thing to do is visit windows update .
a pain for dialup users , a 15 minute process on broadband .
if you do n't yet have broadband , take advantage of your cable company 's free trial just to do your updates !
i got this machine because of the built-in wi-fi , and the fact that the computer now goes in the living room on the coffee table ( only one wire to plug in ( power cord ) with the wifi and no peripherals ... .even print wirelessly with a router ) .all in all , once you 've seen this laptop in action , if you do n't need a super-portable machine , this is the one to pick unless you need a full-size keyboard .

1
hace meses que estaba esperando que a la serie p25 la proveyeran de todas las caracter & iacute ; sticas para hacerla realmente una m & aacute ; quina equilibrada en s & iacute ; misma.en verdad era un desperdicio adquirir un desktop replacement con una placa de video de solamente 32mb , y con un disco r & iacute ; gido de mediana capacidad y de s & oacute ; lo 4200 rpm ( aunque el actual siga siendo el punto m & aacute ; s flojo , por qu & eacute ; no le instalaron un hdd de 7200rpm ? )
un plus invalorable fue el de subirle la velocidad del procesador a 3.00ghz que con la tecnolog & iacute ; a hiper-threading y los 1024mb la hacen volar ... otro acierto fue incorporarle el nuevo software windows media center 2004 , que hace m & aacute ; s amigable y fiable el ver y grabar programas de tv.como arquitecto , al trabajar con software que necesitan de tecnolog & iacute ; a de mucho poder para poder renderear las im & aacute ; genes de los proyectos que dise & ntilde ; o , esta laptop es realmente & uacute ; til a mis necesidades .
la recomiendo a mis colegas.definitivamente vali & oacute ; esperar todo este tiempo , pero con la p25-s609 , la serie p25 lleg & oacute ; a su pin & aacute ; culo .

1
i 've been waiting i do n't know how long for a laptop/notebook that really is a high-end desktop replacement , not just in the advertizing , but actually -- and not just a throw-together from an unheard-of company , but from a major player .
toshiba has finally done it !
it blitzes the field on most major points : massive ram ( expandable to 2gb ) , although i would have liked to see faster ram , generous hard drive ( 80gb , 5400rpm ) , although i would have liked to see 7200rpm , huge screen that is perfect for wide-screen movies , built-in tv tuner , the latest wi-fi capability built in ( 802.11a/g ) , four usb 2.0 ports , firewire port , although the placement of this port is not ideal , legacy parallel port , although it has no legacy serial port , dual monitor support , external cd controls , dvd-multi drive that does everything in one 'box ' !
, built-in modem and ethernet , pcmcia cardbus type i and ii , harmon/kardon speakers , although i am disappointed that toshiba did not include the sub-woofer as with previous models , and so much more.my only other disappointments ( but not enough to dampen my enthusiasm ) are the short battery life ( 1.5 hours , but this is to be expected with such a powerhouse ) , not the best bundled software ( msworks instead of msoffice ?
?
come on , guys ! )
, average soundcard ( but this is no problem with the plethora of usb and pcmcia soundcards now available ) , and not the maximum graphics ram ( 64mb ... would have expected 128mb in an extreme machine like this ) .when all is said and done , though , i 'm stoked !
i 've taken out extra insurance on this baby !

1
first let me say that i have owned this purchase that came through amazon.com for about 3 months .
it came almost immediately.now about the product .
it comes with media center xp , which is about the most stable product i have ever seen come from msoft .
the computer seems to be built specifically for this operating system.upon setting up , i have been able to plug it directly into my entertainment center , i am using it like a tivo , watching on demand movies through the internet , and all this while playing online multiplayer video games.so far , no problems.one other nice feature is that it is somewhat compact , comes with a nearly fullsized keyboard , and has a built-in wireless card.while i could find far more portable laptops with ease , this is more like a compact pc in the size of a 9lb laptop.i tend to use it stationary , but have been known to pick it up and take it with me on the road.hope this helps .

1
i bought this laptop in the first week of november .
its a good deal for me with all those rebates .
processor speed is good .
the fan occasionally makes little , but hey , all laptops have some or the other issues these days ... .. otherwise its an excellent buy .
i myself was going for a dell ... but considering dell 's issues these days , i opted for the toshiba ... ... ..

1
i would highly recommend upgrading the memory on this laptop .
i added a 512 mb memory stick to the pre-installed 256 mb the day after i got the laptop .
256 mb of memory makes the 2.4 ghz processor seem really slow .
it 's only a celeron , but after upgrading the memory to 768 mb , i have n't used my athalon xp 2000+ desktop computer w/ 1 gb of ram & 300 gb hard disk space.there 's a slot for an internal wifi card as well .
i added that even though i had a wifi pcmcia card .
it frees up the pcmcia slot for my firewire card .
it 's also a lot better than having to remove the wifi card , that stick out of my laptop , when i have to put it in my laptop bag.i say if you upgrade the memory it can be more than an entry level laptop .
i can do everything i could on my home pc that i can on my laptop .
especially with the addition of my firewire card , external dvd+rw drive , external hard drive.i would also recommend getting a laptop cooler , as most laptops get hot.i bought this laptop for the price alone after mail in rebate and am very happy with it .
two thumbs up .

1
... it has seen a lot of use ... .
great for watching dvds on road trips ( although you 'll need a dc adapter , the battery wo n't last for a full movie ) .
battery life is pretty good though , if you 're using programs resident on the hard drive .
the only problems i 've had have been os related ( but we all know ms sux ) .
burns cds fast & reliable .
as fast as i expected for a celeron .
display is not the best i 've seen , but is large and bright .
the only problem i see going forward is that the display hinge seems flimsy .. close it with 2 hands on the sides ... on physical construction , probably not the most solid laptop .
daily laptop users may want to consider different units .
all in all much much better than i expected for the price .

1
i own this laptop for 5 weeks now and it works great .
first i was worried abt the celeron processor since i thought it will be damn slow .
but then my thinking was wrong .
i also own another toshiba that has centrino processer.this one is almost 80 % fast as centrino.if u want to use the laptop for word , excel , powerpoint applns and to surf the web , burn cds , this one is excellent choice.the only con i can report is since the design is not slim , even though its stated as 6.2 pounds , it seems like its a bit bulk..but for this price , its unbeatable .
i highly recommend this laptop for personal/home use .

1
i am blown away at the professionalism of this seller !
!
!
they were wonderful to me !
!
!
i have not been a mac user and was a bit of a pain in the neck i am afraid .
i was treated as i would have never imagined possible .
i had to cancel my first order to upgrade after i already ordered .
no problem.i received a very nice email instead of attitude .
it made me want to find something they had for sale .
it has been so refreshing to be put before the almighty dollar.i strongly recommend buying from these guys !
!
!
i would pay more to buy from these people if necessary , but that is not the case !
!
their prices were also the best !
!
!
i am 100 % satisfied and know that you will be too !
!
!
!

1
this is the computer that turned me onto apple products .
it is sincerely the best computer i have ever used , and i regret not taking better care of it .
even the newer macbooks do n't hold up to this little guy .
i rarely have any problems , and it 's going on 7 years !
it 's been through so many drops , spills , and accidents , i 'm amazed it keeps going .
the screen is literally falling off , i 've gone through three chargers and two batteries , and half the keys are missing and it still starts up faster and crashes less than my new macbook pro !
it 's a great , hardy little computer .

1
i wanted an apple computer but did n't want to break the bank .
the powerbook suits my everyday needs perfectly !
thank you steve jobs !

1
i have owned over 20 macs in my 12 years of macintosh consulting and development.. this is the best mac yet .
i just sold my 15 & quot ; tibook to get this 12 & quot ; aluminum/1ghz/dvdr model .
i ca n't put it down .
the screen seemed small - until i used it .
no problem there at all .
i do a lot of digital photography and programming and the 12 inch powerbook is the machine !

1
i received a 12 & quot ; powerbook for christmas , and so far , i have n't turned on my old media center pc since .
i absolutely love all the features .
the computer is quick to boot up , quick to load application , and because of the design of each clock cycle , programs do n't interfere with each other on a large scale.i needed a computer that could edit film and audio , and render quickly and professionally , and while this is n't the fastest powerbook , it is definitely the one that fits my life the best .
it 's portable and powerful , and compared to the machines that i was running on before , this is a superior machine .
i have final cut pro , express , macromedia studio mx 2004 , adobe suites , not to mention all the handy iapps for simple cut and edit in film .
i have yet to get dvd studio pro 2 , but that 's on my list of apps to get .
this is the tool for a person who needs power , but the actual physical requirement needs to come second to their ideas and creativity.the only con is the battery life , rendering and using this processor takes a toll on it , but when i do most of those type of things , it 's near a wall socket , so it is n't a big deal .
and despite what i had read about this machine before i got it , it is not blazing hot .
the wrist rest gets a little warm , but i 've yet to find a laptop that does n't .
and unlike those laptops , this one cools down when you put it on a hard flat surface , and i barely notice that the fan is running to vent it .
it is a superior machine , and definitely worth the money .
couple this with a 20 & quot ; apple display , and you have all the screen space you would ever need .

1
ah , the powerbook .
for many years , apple 's version of what a laptop computer should be .
then they created & quot ; consumer level & quot ; ibooks and the powerbook was elevated to a status of pro machines ( which it always was ) .
there used to be only a couple models ( remember pismo ? )
.
then the titanium wonder that shocked the portable world .
now , apple has 3 different sized powerbooks with various models inbetween those sizes .
the compact little gem is the subject here.this is one of the finest macs i have ever used .
the weight is so light .
the aluminum case is amazing .
the slot load superdrive which burns either cd 's or dvd 's is elegant compared to slide out trays that risk being damaged .
the keyboard feels amazing .
i could go on and on .
battery life i have gotten has ranged in the 4 hour range ... excellent for a g4 equipped laptop .
although 256mb of ram seems rather low , it surprisingly does well ( though i did add a 512mb module later , and watched performance grow ) .
the power adapter itself has hooks to wrap the cord around ( though admittedly , the old doughnut design was better looking ) .
the 12 & quot ; powerbook is an excellent piece of hardware for those looking to tote a laptop .
two thumbs up !

1
i love this laptop , i 'm writing the review on it , i had a tr1a and i swapped out for the tr2a , with the extended battery the most i 've ever had out of it is 17 hours , 11 hours on normal use , i did n't really gain much swapping up but it was the same cost and i had a 0 % restock with no questions asked.its very well designed , the right shift key takes a little while to get used too .
its quite light too , .
i also got the privacy filter but i do n't recommend this as it adds stripey lines and turns down the contrast of the fantastic xbrite display .
i ( 've been going in the the apple stores looking for a new ibook and they 've all got vaio envy .
xp home is perfectly fine for most users , i 'm a commercial games software developer and i use xp pro and home , and i 've had only the slight inconvience of sharing slightly harder.i have 4 laptops , hp ze5185 ibook and an alienware , i use the tr2a all the time , i 'd buy two if i could use them at the same time , its always with me .
its a lot better built than previous vaios , as for heat i 've had no issues , it runs warm , but its meant too , and the system can take it , does n't get anywhere near as hot as a powerbook or my alienware.downsides are costs of sony items , extended battery was $ 345 , the privacy filter , $ 80 , its a piece of plastic , the memory takes micro sodimms , which can run about $ 400 + for one 512mb .
it 'd be nice if they used a slot loading dvd/cd-r instead.plays a lot of different games , aoe no proble , quake , tribes 2 is perfectly playable etc.buy one , buy two , but do n't get the privacy filter.
, do n't say i did n't warn you : ) ( edit ) incidently i dropped my tr2a , it fell out of a shoulder bag ( do n't buy 3rd party laptop bags with zips on the side ) , and i sent it back to sony for repair , they have outstanding service and support people , arrived on friday , estimate etc was ready monday morning .
( second edit ) i finally found the perfect bag for it , sony have a little vaio bag with no handles so its ok for lite work , but theres a powerbook/ibook bag called the ` booq ` it fits great i picked the larger size since it game me some extra space but the 12 powerbook fits very snugly .

1
pros : the tr2a is a full featured system in an incredibly small and lightweight package .
despite the small size the screen is excellent and the keyboard usable .
before the vaio i used to dread lugging my full sized laptop on trips .
the vaio goes with me everywhere .
battery life is not 15 hours ( an absurd claim ) but is long enough for a 7 hour flight and then some .
some nice touches such as a switch at the front to turn wireless lan off / on .
it is not a cad or graphics workstation , nor is it intended to be .
great wow factor.cons : should have a dvd burner and not just cd burner .
for sake of future compatibility , 802.11g wireless would be nice as well .
sony should include the recovery media instead of requiring you to order it or burn it to a dozen plus cd 's ( since there is no dvd burner ) .
probably the best subnotebook available at the moment although it seems they cut a few corners in terms of the dvd and wireless .
heck , at least provide a cheap vinyl zipper case and a printed copy of the manual.do consider the tr2ap3 .
for not much more $ $ $ you get twice the memory , xp pro , and 802.11 b and g. tr2 is great , i only wish the ap3 configuration had been available when i bought mine .

1
i purchased this small , wonderful unit about 10 months ago .
fantastic !
great for travel , wonderfully compact , good battery life , excellent viewing for a small unit .
wifi works great !
fast , but not blazing speed .
then , about three months ago , i let my 16 year old daughter borrow it to watch a movie one night !
big mistake .
she fell asleep with it on her bed , rolled over , and it fell approximately 3 ' to a carpeted floor .
only got picture on half the screen , so the lcd had to be replaced .
very pricey repair !
sony tech support was great !
tech support sent me a box via overnight , i sent the unit in , and three days later i had it back !
since its return it has worked fine .
only problem was the windows registry did n't recognize the dvd/cd player , but again sony tech was helpful .
enjoy it , take good care of it , purchase the lcd insurance , and do n't loan it to anyone ... .

1
i 've had my as35-s159 for close to 8 years with almost no problems .
i did encounter the overheating issue at some point and all it required was vacuuming off some of the dust and cat hair trapped in the cooling unit .
my wife went through 2 laptops ( hp , dell ) during the same time.what sets this laptop apart is stability , i can have 3-4 programs running at once and it never crashes .
i will definitely stick with toshiba for my next laptop - whenever that may be .

1
i have had this laptop for 3 years now , and during the 1 year company warranty and 3 year with compusa , i had the worst cooling problem ... like the other users on this review forum , i had to ice the heat sinc in order to keep my laptop from shutting off abruptly ( note folks that this is a security for your computer , if it continues to increase in temperature while it remains on , your hardware may be destroyed due to intense heat ) ... thus i had compusa replace the whole cooling system ... it was a breeze and on a couple occasion had it it abruptly shut down on its own with the new cooling plates ( for the new users without a warranty , the best way to maintain the cooling system is to blow straight into the exhaust while holding a damp cloth up to the fan screen , thus you will catch all the dust build-up ) ... also while i had my laptop hanging from my shoulder , my mustang door came swinging back at me knocking my laptop to the ground causing the hard driv to fail ... .this is typcial once excessive shock has been encountered ... i simply had this replaced ... for the next year and a half i had no problems and with all the things filed such as my library of 1500+ songs and music videos i still havnt filled up the lovely 60gb hdd ... it is however as we call it today , a good desktop replacement according to its weight ... its weight is on the rim btwn laptops that stay at home and laptops you can lug around at school ... lately however iv been using a 3rd party ac adaptor and my ground needle snapped off ... eventually i believe the temporary solder work i did to charge the unit caused the lcd backlight to short ... after much research note* even though your power jack supply is fused to the motherboard , you can have someone professionally un-solder that jack and replace it with another one at [ ... ] ( which is about $ 25 ) ... and if you can spot what has caused your backlight to go out like mine , ( connections , lcd , bulb , etc ) generailly it is bound to be the whole screen ... all you need to do is go to a site like [ ... ] and they will provide you a brand new screen ( with available extra options like xbrite in sync with the tech today ) for roughly around $ 250 - $ 300 brand new ... users if u made the investment already , take care of it because regardless of toshiba having great technology the only downer is that their parts and durabilty are not necessarily the strongest ... in comparison to the new line of sony vaio laptops my a35 is just one big peice of powerful plastic ... if u refuse to do repairs there are companies wherein you can sell your computer and they will buy it off you for the good parts ... i for one am in no financial position to get up and replace the whole thing especially with the new cooling system and hard drive ... it has served me strong for the past 3 years in movie making for school , music promotion , web-design , church-sermon audio recording/digital and many work and school related tasks , so far everything else is good for another couple years ... thnx

1
i agree with consumer reports .
i have had this computer for 5 years and going strong .
this is a great laptop !
!
!
i will buy another .

1
i bought this laptop because some business applications i must use required the graphics card installed .
the applications ran beautifully .
that done , i began to appreciate this computer for its other strengths .
although i have always been a small , light , tiny keyboard computer guy , i have now hopelessly converted to this `` full size '' laptop .
yes , it weighs more , but the display is fabulous ( better than my old monitor at home ) , the keyboard is large enough to allow me to work all day , and the wireless connectivity is great.this computer is good for a desktop replacement .
it is also good for a traveling businessman like myself who needs real power and who enjoys a screen that allows relaxed viewing .
great for middle-aged eyes !

1
i have had this computer for approx .
one month .
it can completely replace a desktop .
at 2.8 ghz the processor smokes and the wireless connection is great .
i was able to easily connect with a linksys router .
it will work with a 802.11b router but comes equipped with an integrated 802.11g wireless lan .
it comes with a dvd multi and i have successfully copied several dvd 's for my personal backup .
it has 512 mb ddr sdram which i specifically looked for .
it is expandable to over 2gb ram .
it comes with a 60 gig hd.this computer runs very cool .
most of the laptops i have experience with run pretty hot .
the 15.4 in .
screen is beautiful .
the full size keyboard is comfortable and the computer overall feels light considering the screen size .
the speakers are n't that bad , and actually put out pretty good sound as opposed to the usual tinny sounding speakers.i compared price to options , etc , and found this to be an excellent deal for the money.the only dissapointment is battery life , which seems to be about 1 percent loss per minute no matter what i might be doing on the computer , streaming ( audio/video ) , or just surfing the internet .
it is supposed to have about a two and a half hour battery life and that is not the case with mine .
i considered dropping my rating to 4 stars because of the battery , but i am so pleased with overall performance that i stayed with 5 stars.i searched and compared , high and low , came up with this and am extremely pleased overall .

1
it took me a long time to decide which toshiba notebook model to chose .
i had an old model toshiba notebook that rendered excellent service through four years and i never thought of replacing it with any other brand notebook.the p15-s409 has been an excellent choice .
it is a very good combination of a relatively lower price with every service needed.wireless , dvd burner , an excellent 15.4 & quot ; widescreen , an incredibly fast start up and downloading .
there is practically no time delay in the printing process.i use it for my business replacing my previous desk pc withexcellent results because it has a very easy to handle keyboard.i took a big chance being from argentina as i had the toshiba sent by air freight .
but a good packaging brought me a perfect working unit .
as a matter of fact , toshiba has a good service unit in my country .
this is a highly recommendable notebook .

1
this is the one laptop computer i intend to keep forever !
until now , i bought a new personal notebook about every six months.it 's loaded with everything i wanted when i was making my selection , plus plenty of things i never knew i wanted , as well as a plethora of good stuff i have n't had time to use and others i do n't really know what to do with yet , but which seem cool anyway.i got a whole lot more than i required for a price that 's what i expected to pay for a far lesser computer.toshiba has long been my favorite brand of mobile computers .
i 've also owned and had varying degrees of success with hp , compaq ( back before it was bought by hp ) dell , sony , ibm laptops .
i 've always found toshibas to be highly durable , able to withstand rough physical handling .
that , to me , is a most important requirement in a computer you will be carrying through airports , subways , in the car , and whereever .
having gone totally wireless , my notebook is never connected by a cable except to change security codes to protect the wireless connection from interference and intrusions .
that 's when the ethernet port comes in especially handy .
walking from room to room , up and down flights of stairs , outside onto the deck or by the pool , i never worry about dropping my toshiba because she can take a beating.speaking of hazards , toshiba 's standard warranty is excellently backed up , and at a full year , it 's four times longer than dell 's .
i spent a little more and added toshiba 's extended warranty with damage protection in case it gets knocked into the pool or dropped down the stairs or bashed by clumsy airport security officers .
although i purchased her at a local retail store , i went online and bought the systemguard warranty direct from toshiba .
this model is packed with so many high-end features that the peace of mind is well worth the money.now that i 've mentioned the goodies , let 's get down to nuts and bolts , shall we ?
the first thing you see is the seventeen inch widescreen display .
i was delighted to get one because it enables two pages to be displayed side-by-side while the print is plenty big enough to easily read .
writing reports or letters while reading a document you want to make citations from is easy and natural , whether you 're writing a legal brief , a quarterly financial report or your master 's thesis .
it also works for web pages when you want to look at two of them side by side.having always scoffed at those sales come-ons for hp-compaq 's presario line ( i think they were first , anyway ) about watching dvds on a laptop , when i brought it home i was certain i 'd never do that myself .
then one day i had a movie to watch and wondered just how good it would look on this big screen .
it was phenomenal .
big , bright picture and superb audio from the fine standard sound system .
it does have tv-out , but i 've never bothered to use that to show the movie from the laptop onto the tv because the sound and video are so good on the toshiba.that disk , by the way , is dvd-ram , meaning it reads and writes cds and dvds .
one cautionary note : be careful to purchase the correct type of dvds , dvd-ram disks , because the others wo n't take recording from this drive if they are only +rw or -rw , for example.i believe the best and most useful notebook computer is one that gives me everything i want , so this is what some people might refer to as a `` desktop replacement '' model .
in addition to the dvd-ram drive that writes to and reads from dvds , cds and such , enormous hard drive , built-in wireless and plenty of ports for webcams , digital movie and still cameras , built-in ethernet and more.the cpu , at about 3ghz , rivals current desktop models .
in fact , this particular processor chip was made for desktop computers .
that causes it the emit whole lot of heat , so that often when i 'm using it for long periods of time on my lap i will put a book under it .
i have a lapboard that i use when i 'm at home sometimes.even with the huge screen and the twelve cell battery and other must-have goodies , she 's only about eight or nine pounds .
the battery life is incredily long .
on my first test run it lasted over five and a half hours during continuous heavy use consisting of cd based software installations to the hard drive and the repeatedly restarts that entails as well as other work .
that it was able to do this while powering a seventeen inch screen was astonishing .
this was only possible by using toshiba 's proprietary power management system , which is built-in free , just be sure to enable it so microsoft 's awful windows power wasting system does n't get in there .
the battery life far exceeds expectations , and as a result , i have n't bothered to buy an extra battery like i 'd planned to.due to the musclebound high speed cpu , everything runs fast and smoothly .
none of the sluggishness of those intel `` mobile computing '' processors that give up effectiveness and sheer speed for the sake of reduced power consumption and lower heat radiation output.comes preloaded with windows xp pro , which works fine , except that microfost does n't support 256k encryption for wireless networking .
seems kinda stupid for ms to make business software that does n't provide the minimum level of security i require in my house.the case is sturdy and attractive .
the keypad is standard for toshiba , and keystrokes are quiet but certain .
inside , you soon find that toshiba has built-in a wealth of proprietary software which makes everything run fast and efficiently.the immense hard drive has more than enough room for videos , photos , and everything else .

1
this laptop is big , 17 '' xga screen .
bright and nice .
its kinda heavy if you want to carry it around ( 10punds ) if you need a laptop to carry around then buy a 15 '' or a centrino powered notebook.the hardrive has only 5200rpm so this is the only thing i do n't like about this laptop .
i whish it was 7200rpm.battery does not last so long , but where would you go with this big and heavy laptop without a dc or ac adapter ?
so this not an issue for me.i really like the power on button , turn it on and it turns red , then when windows boots up it turns blue , on standby mode it flashes slowly ... it 's beautiful !
!
i only wish it weight less , kinda like the powerbook.yeah , this machine is fast , i currently have a dual athlon mp 1800+ as my desktop , at work i have a pentium 4 ht 800 fsb at 2.4mhz and this toshiba laptop can put up a nice fight between them .
of course when rendering , the dual athlon mp wins.all the menus just `` pop up '' instantly , programs open up fastly .
boots up and turns of fastly .
windows xp pro , great !
for all the specifications on this laptop just click on the link technical data on the left side on this page .

1
si buscas mobilidad , este no es el modelo de notebook que necesitas , pero si lo que quieres es una super poderosa notebook que puede hacer todo lo que hace una desktop ( y hasta m & aacute ; s ) , esta m & aacute ; quina superpoderosa es para ti.la pantalla de 17 & quot ; te da im & aacute ; genes realmente claras y asombrosas y si combinas eso con los parlantes harman/kardom y la unidad dvd , tienes tu propio centro de entretenimiento portable .
puedes quemar dvd 's y la funci & oacute ; n de hyperthreading combinada con los 512 mb de memoria hace que el prcedimiento sea r & aacute ; pido y no deje & quot ; inoperantes & quot ; el resto de programas que estas utilizando .
realmente es una m & aacute ; quina poderosa y muy & uacute ; til.yo compr & eacute ; la m & iacute ; a en amazon despu & eacute ; s de comparar precios con best buy y circuit city : en amazon estaba $ 400 m & aacute ; s barato !

1
i gave up multiple desktops a couple of years ago in favor of a single powerful laptop , but paid a price in terms of weight and battery life .
i stayed with my last toshiba satellite 2805-s402 for years because it was such a reliable , solid workhorse .
but , i needed to move up and must have purchased and returned at least five top-if-the-line laptops from several manufacturers ( including a slick sony tr2 ) before finding the toshiba satellite m35-s359 .
i 've used it at least ten hours a day , every day for the last three months and am very satisfied with its construction , performance , screen and price .
i 'm very , very hard on a portable and , so far , this one stands up to my punishment and still shines.a few pluses : notwithstanding one other reviewer 's comment , my machine feels very solid , almost like a rigid metal structure .
it 's lighter than its predecessor , with a generously sized keyboard ( though i do miss a right ctrl key and keep hitting the @ # $ % ins key !
the complement of ports ( 3 usb 2.0 and one firewire , plus ir , s-video and a legacy parallel port ) and features is ideal for me .
i really enjoy the sd card reader since it matches the format of my digital cameras .
i 'm always giving speeches with powerpoints and the m35-s359 handles projector connection and porting video output with ease .
the 802.11b reception is reasonably good ( perhaps too good , as it keeps picking up my neighbor 's network 100 yards away ) .
the metallic silver finish looks terrific and the case fits well into standard laptop cases ( a problem for many other thicker widescreen models ) .
the sound is great -- not the subwoofer quality of my former toshiba , but very bright and crisp , with little distortion even when cranked up to max volume ) it even sounds good with the cover closed .
port placement is sensible , though i do n't understand the decision to put the parallel port behind its own little plastic door .
i 'm always concerned those plastic doors are going to break off someday .
to its credit , the door latches solidly , so i 'll need to be really careless to lose it.a few quibbles : the keyboard layout is ` unnecessarily odd , but it 's not a big problem .
i miss the touchpoint ( eraserhead ) pointing device , but you get used to those flat panel things that virtually every laptop now uses .
the system runs hot on the bottom front left quadrant , but at least the fan discharges hot air out the side and not the back .
my last toshiba 's rear fan occasionally left me feeling medium-rare .
my biggest complaint -- and it 's pretty trivial -- is that the volume control wheel is mounted horizontally across the front edge of the system so it 's easy to inadvertently raise the volume if you use the laptop atop your lap .
i compute in bed while my wife is sleeping , so the volume accidently creeping up to max is more a concern for me that perhaps for others.more positives : the screen is very bright and , unlike some other models , easy to adjust as needed .
battery life is adequate and dvd performance is pleasing .
in summary , this model is handsome , solid full-featured and not overweight .
a very , very pleasing buy .

1
i 'm a software developer / musician and i 'm good at breaking windows .
i 've had this laptop for about a month , and i absolutely love it .
it 's the first name brand ( and non-pieced together from individual components ) system i 've ever owned .
i was considering one of the pentium 4 15.4 & quot ; systems or a 17 & quot ; display , but the battery life on those was unacceptable .
i liked the appearance of this one better anyway ... it 's very sleek and attractive .
and now for the actual review ... .. it took me about 5 minutes to take it out of the box , power it up , and start surfing the internet wifi style through my dsl line with a linksys wireless access point .
seriously , it was simple .
i noticed that some people were complaining about the wifi being 802.11b compliant instead of 802.11g .
that should n't be an issue for anyone who just wants wireless internet access , since 802.11b ( 54 mbps ) is faster than any residential internet service out there ( most are around1.5 mbps ) .
after testing it out a little , i upgraded the os to xp pro .
it was not a smooth upgrade , and i ended up rendering the system unusable .
so i formatted the hard drive and installed xp pro from scratch and re-installed all the drivers , service packs and bundled apps that i wanted .
toshiba includes a dvd that lets you either do a full from-the-factory system restore or install any included apps individually .
thanks to toshiba for that ... .i like to know exactly what is installed on my system and not have any traces of things that i do n't want , and i hear that some companies do not provide separate software installations for people to do that .
i had to call tech support to find out how to access the bios ( to boot from the cd ) , since that info was n't in any documentation .
once i got through ( after waiting about 45 minutes ) , the person on the other end told me what i needed to know right away ( press f2 at boot in case you were wondering ) .
i called support one other time ( the contrast adjustment seemed to have a mind of it 's own ... .it was because of a power saver setting ) and got through much faster , and once again the toshiba tech was helpful and speedy .
i spent the first 3 days mostly installing and configuring things , and since then it 's been running really smooth ... probably better than if i had kept the factory installation .
i 'm running ms visual studio .net with iis and the sql server desktop engine ... no complaints about performance .
photoshop runs well too .
everything about this system is awesome , except ... .it does n't have a stereo line in ( i 'm gon na get a usb audio interface ) and it feels very fragile ( like if it were dropped it might explode into a hundred pieces ) .
overall , i 'm very happy with my purchase .

1
strengths : great display with super sharp resolution ; good battery life ; superior sound from built-in harman kardon speakers ; built-in infrared and wireless ; cr-rw is great , i copied and burned more than 100 cds !
weaknesses : quite heavy ; low video graphics memory ; does n't come with any ms office software , could at least install ms word for free ; intel pentium centrino 710 is entry level in its class.summary : ( ... ) so i 'm using it over 2 years now and so far it was a great notebook .
sometimes it freezes and not responding , which i believe due to malicious viruses , spyware , adware , and others .
however i 'm amazed that it still works even having a bunch of trojan infected files .
its hard drive never crashed , and hope it wo n't because i want to reformat it soon .
it was one of the 1st centrino notebooks introduced by toshiba so its quality is very good .
usually first models are made better !
i 'm satisfied with it and even if i buy new notebook in next couple years , i wo n't sell this one !
i 'll better pass it on my younger brother .
because it was my lucky purchase , and longstanding work-horse .
you can listen to music cds without launching windows .
just plug in this laptop and use media buttons located on the front panel .
cool feature.also has built-in sd memory card reader/writer slot.i never seen such amazing small speakers with clear and loud sound in any other notebooks .
they are harman kardon speakers and are really the best !

1
excellent product - really slick - works well - is quite light - and has a great design .
i would highly recommend it - and it 's as cheap as $ 1400 on some sites right now ( all inclusive ! )
- with $ 100 toshiba discounts..

1
excellent laptop !
lightweight , easy to use and priced right !

1
the averatec 3150hd is the best computer that i have seen .
thought the price was higher than i had hoped , it has all that i need.the rumors the that averatec is n't good , are true .
but the computers are .
the computer will come complete with a broken or missing part .
send it to averatec , do n't waist your time with local dealerships !
after you mail it , it will take three or so weeks to fix and mail the computer to you .
then after that its as good as new ( except that it works ) .the wireless is the only thing different about this model from the rest .
the wireless card works fine .
the only problem is with windows .
it will disconnect every three minutes .
and that can be fixed by a & quot ; repair & quot ; button in windows.all in all it was worth the wait , and is very expandable .
with 30 gb , 256 sdram,12.1 in .
screen , 3 usb , cd/cdr/dvd , vga port , lan , pcmcia card slot , 56 k modem , and a partridge in a pair tree , this is the smallest little computer possible.p.s .
for those of you who want a lap-top lap top , you will have to do some balancing .
there are two fans on the bottom positioned just in the middle and top left .
so its a balancing act when the fans are on .

1
first of all , let me say that i paid the 1500 dollars in september , before they changed all the ibooks to g4s and the usb ports to 2.0 .
why is this important ?
well , a few reasons .
final cut pro only works on g4s .
i paid 699 dollars for the upgrade that my computer could certainly handle , however the software was designed to look for a g4 or g5 in order for installing .
so , as that would n't have been too aggrivating until i tried to take it back to compusa which i soon found out has a zip-o-la return policy , i got a bit peeved at both compusa and apple software design .
well , within two months of my purchase the 'new ' g4 ibooks were on the net to buy , and i had my answer on apples ideas for makeing a touch more money by getting me to buy a new laptop , if i want to run something like.. oh final cut pro , or some animation software on the market.however , the reason i put five stars was n't apple 's beautiful software marketing and design , or compusas ability to move a person to consider programming a video game thats objective is strangling compusa employees.the real reason is that for laptops , and for this price , it is a quality laptop .
you see , i ca n't justify to myself paying over 1500 of a base price for a tool that i 'm going to be using out of my home .
at any moment it could be stolen and i am much more at peace with a loss of 1500 dollars for a top of the line ibook which can be much more readily replaced than 3000 dollars for a top of the line powerbook.my laptop has survived a 2 ft plus drop while open from a bed to a not so plush carpeted floor .
there was n't too much destruction done other than some of the lineing on the left edge of the screen and the battery does n't fit as smoothly as before .
everything still works , including all the ports i use , like the usb , firewire , 56k modem , and the adapter port .
it works fine on battery and plugged in , so i really did n't lose any functionality.the laptop operating system does n't break down , although it does freeze every once in a while .
the software that it comes with is very useful , and handy , and not as annoying as say , windows media player.. the text editing software that it comes with is ahhhhh !
!
!
ggrrr.. when you try to program html initially.. fortunately , after going to the preferences you can fix this loading html pages as a web browser does initial setting .
itunes is fun , and useful , and the only drawback is that it does n't read the song encoding on cds that windows media player does .
so you have to either manually type the name of the song in by hand , or buy your songs off the internet at a buck a piece .
the iphoto works fine and allows for some adjustment , but if you 're into adjusting your photos , use nothing less than adobe photoshop elements 2.0 .
photoshop might well be a waste of 600 plus dollars if you get good at elements 2.0 .
in fact.. i 'd dare say adobe illustrator and elements 2.0 could be a grand combo .
safari is a good browser with annoyances with interpreting java on the web .
no joke , web browsers that understand java well on the web on macs are rare as leopard seals .
there is only two of them .
one is the microsoft internet explorer ( who stopped making new ies for mac because safari does everything it does ) and the other is safari .
every other web browser.. say.. mozilla ?
?
like netscape 7.01 , firebird .7 and mozilla and camino seem to all be carbonized .
and the problem ?
well , for some reason , carbonizing does not like java or something .
no java , no chatting , or java online gaming .
so the only chatting you can do say on yahoo is on safari and ie .
no problem , they are both free .
and safari is included with all the new macs .
but for your daily web browsing , you might want to download firebird .7 .
after you get the tab browsing down and the various keyboard commands , you will find its just the best daily browser out there .
it runs secure bank transactions in xml fine and quickly .
as a bonus appleworks comes with every new ibook , so you definitely have a decent word processor .
but do n't be fooled with the microsoft office that seems to be included , microsoft would n't forgoe a profit that easily .
the microsoft office on the computer is a 30 day trial .
office x is 500 dollars .
not too much for full licensing for a single user .
and well worth it if you 're in college or otherwise use it frequently .
look at quarkxpress for some serious pricing.. oww .
the clock is nifty and calendar is useful , and the internet options are easily read in the upper menu bar .
and for entertainment , you can talk to the computer and it will do what you say.. if you can speak it well enough for the computer.. you know.. the standard speech recognition flaw .
the fun thing about all this is that you talk to the chess game and play an entire chess game by speaking alone .
it 's actually pretty nifty.there is enough computer software out there for the mac , especially if you want to get work done and you work with video or images .
the mac os x and mac os 9.2 do n't save files quite the same way which can be a touch annoying if you are using old macs at school still .
you have to specify the exact program to open this or that file between the two operating systems .
this is easy enough.. as long as its only a file or two , come ten or so , and it gets a bit annoying .
on the good end , it is more compatable with pcs now .
there is a decent software translation of windows xp for purchase for ultimate compatability .
was n't too bad , but as always.. anything microsoft runs as slow as a slug .
try a g5 if you want to run the windows xp translation a lot .
if windows xp freezes , it does n't freeze os x , and thats kinda nice .
adobe has most of there popular software available on the mac , and so does macromedia .
and living language has their 9.0 versions of language lessons in plenty of european and asian languages available on mac .
also , if your into video , adobe dropped premiere because final cut pro was kicking their but in earning the market share .
and if your into animation software , cinema 4d 8.5v and maya 5 both support mac , as well as lightwave .
so as far as getting something done , the mac is awesome.. it does n't freeze much if you treat it decent ( do n't run a zillion programs at once ) .
it simply works , and has better compatability than linux .
although linux rocks too , mac os x is a unix base with more compatability .
it is simply more compatable with stability than linux .
microsoft windows ?
well , its compatable with a bonus of being hacked and virus wrecked and blue screened every so often .
in other words ... microsoft windows tends to limit me getting anything done.. particularly in graphics design degree which of course is only macs.as far as games , of course most of the games out there are made for windows .
on the other hand , many might argue that if you are a real gamer , you own an xbox or a ps2 already .
besides , microsoft xp is available for mac .
like i said , get a g5 for that kind of thing.the chatting programs ?
well , windows messenger , yahoo messenger , and aol instant messenger , as well as the os x customized ichat version of aol instant messenger that comes with any new mac .
the yahoo messenger ca n't do as much as it can on windows.. on the other hand.. it does n't get hacked like the one on windows , which does n't freeze my computer , which makes my life a bit easier.if you 're into video , you should remember two things.. one , vcd format .
you know , that old laser disk format that any cd burner can place on a cd-r/rw .
two.. if your into business cards , the business card cd-rs can hold video flash presentations as well .
so , basically , if your not looking for 2 hour movies on a dvd , you can easily burn animations as well as edit them from the cd-rs on the ibooks .
the other detail is that 400 firewire is the only thing sold on ibooks .
800 firewire is considered 'professional ' .
however , although my 400 dollar olympus digital camera can make short videos , it , like many digital cameras on the market , does not have firewire .
in fact , that is much more likely to be restricted to digital camcorders .
such as my digital camcorder does have .
still , you still have to look for a firewire port , not all camcorders have them.hopefully , you found my review helpful .
oh , one more helpful hint .
certain epson scanners come with photoshop elements 2.0 .
a good piece of software with a needed accessory .
i definitely recommend it .
arcsoftware is the usual accessory .
do n't be fooled.. although its fun and useful , for work with multiple photos , nothing beats elements 2.0 .hope you all enjoy this laptop if you buy it .
obviously every business is out to make money and apple is no different .
but apple os x and apple laptops as a combo are better and more useful than nearly anything with windows on it.brian

1
i 've owned three ibooks .
the clamshell was a sturdy design , but heavy and limited .
my g3 ibook 800 was great , worked well , but the screen was a little small ( dense ) and it did n't quite fit on the lap .
plus i was n't a fan of the drive tray .
so this new design is far better .
it is much sturdier .
they replaced every material in construction for the better , improved battery life , and it is much faster .
it might just be the perfect laptop at any price .
for most people , it can even replace a desktop .
comes with tony hawk , plays beautifully .
all other apps i have work perfectly , airport extreme is faster than airport , and keyboard is much better ( no longer squishy , better feedback ) .
you will not regret buying this machine .
not sure that the 1ghz is worth the extra money .
this model hits the sweet spot .

1
love my laptop it comes everywhere with me .
also , it suits my needs for instructing an online class .
cool purchase .

1
looks like apple hit a home run with this one .
this has been the best upgrade since my lc .
with panther my 933 is one fast machine .
i downloaded us army and it runs that with no problems .
max out the memory and get apple care .
with broadband this one great appliance .

1
i read all the reviews before purchasing the apple ibook laptop .
the apple computer company shipped my computer quickly and was securely packaged for shipping .
i received the computer which was already setup for easy plug and go .
i have since purchased 2 more computers from the apple computer company because the computers look new and works like a charm .
very happy will the 3 computers i purchased .

1
i have two pcs that always g ive me problems ... ... with the ibook i always can be sure of getting on line without having to wait to download or correct some problem

1
very pleased !
works fine .
i usually only do reviews unless i 'm dissatisfied but everything works great !
battery dies quickly but i can deal with that .

1
i love macintosh it never use for internet explore .
i like the macintosh laptop computer my wife do n't like macintosh .

1
it works perfect .
much easy to carry around and you know mac products are good .
it 's the best for me .

1
an oldie but goodie , now a recycle item , i have actually worn the letters off the keys and used it so much i have taken it to the computer shop to get old lost programs put on , they usually do it for free since these machines are obsolete now .

1
this ibook g4 is very user friendly , plugged it in , powered it up and it works great .
was able to connect it to my wireless router with no problem and am using it now to send this review.i am very happy i purchased it .
it arrived early and in perfect condition .

1
it arrived well packed , looks good , took a lot of effort to get it going but am relatively fine with it now .

1
i bought this ibook to upgrade my son 's 1 yr old ibook g3 - which i sold on ebay for a couple hundreds less .
like another reviewer , i figured usb2.0 , a faster cpu+bus , a faster airport , plus a new applecare coverage justify the small cost difference .
the great price on amazon made my choice much easier.i used macs for 15 years and have both macs and pcs at home .
i also develop pc software at work .
so i already knew what a great os i was getting .
however , i was worried that it may be underpowered for todays games.to my delight , i was very pleasantly surprised .
i just installed unreal tournament 2004 ( which states a 933 mhz g4/g5 machine required on the box ) and the game flies !
my son ca n't be happier.i highly recommend this machine .
no pc notebook can match it in price/performance !

1
from 5/03 to 11/03 i owned a 14.1 '' g3 ibook .
that was a nice laptop but certainly had some annoying quirks and was really out-of-date ( described later ) .
i also wanted to get a smaller laptop and also get panther .
so `` upgrading '' or `` downgrading '' to this 12 '' g4 ibook made a whole lot of sense for me .
here is my review based on comparison to the old g3 ibook.performance : from g3 900mhz to g4 800mhz is certainly an upgrade .
as the g4 features a faster 133mhz bus ( formerly 100mhz bus ) and also supports ddr memory ( compared to the old pc100 ) .
applications seem to fire up and run better and everything is just snappier .
also if you have altivec enabled applications , g4 is certainly the way to go.technical improvements : usb 1.1 == > usb 2.0 , airport 802.11b == > airport extreme 802.11g , updated graphics card , tray loading combo drive == > slot loading combo drive.other improvements : panther is a more polished and refined os compared to jaguar .
os x has finally matured .
the keyboard on the g4 ibook has been improved ... buttons press smoother and keyboard has less flex ( not to mention the greyish tone makes it look better ) .
also the lcd display seems a little bit more crisper.all in all i 'd highly recommend this 12 '' g4 ibook .
for this price , it is a tremendous value .
you can not find a comparable 12.1 '' laptop in the pc world ( w/o spending nearly 2 grand , and most do n't come with an optical drive built-in ) .i do n't see much of a reason to go with 14.1 '' as it has the same resolution as the 12 '' ( unless that you have bad vision ) .
if you want a laptop with a big display , go with the 15.2 '' powerbook ( probably the best all-around laptop in the world ) .
if you want a small but still very fast laptop that you can carry everywhere , get this ibook !
it certainly has the looks and now is a speedster with g4 .
ca n't go wrong .
( added 1/11 ) for the past 3 months i have yet to experience a crash or problem with this ibook .
past generations of ibooks were prone to logic board failures , it seems like apple finally got it fixed .
i can put this laptop asleep for a week and wake it up , and be ready for use within 10 seconds .
this is a sweet laptop , and it 's coming from a lifelong windows user ( who still uses windows too ) .

1
great computer .
has the slot loading cd drive .
burn your own cd watch your favorite dvds .
transfer files from microsoft office to your other pcs .
search the internet without the fear of a virus .
check your email .
great starter mac .
best part is it has a very stable operating system , which means it wo n't crash as often ( if ever ) as some other pcs might .

1
we are very happy with the quality versus price .
we received a incredible computer for a extremely reasonable price !
everything works like new !

1
i 've given this product a five star rating because not only was it an affordable price but it works well for me and it came right on time for me to save most of my school work by having microsoft !

1
computer is great no problems at all .
they are at a very reasonable prices and very good deals .i love my apple laptop .
i also had good costumer service to help me once the computer arrived at my home .

1
it 's great and it has very fast loading it looks just like the mac book but i would n't watch movies on it .

1
i 've got friends with this ( i personally have a 15 & quot ; powerbook ) machine , and it 's great .
with os x i recommend at least 512mb of ram , but for the casual user , 256 would work.and a side note ... multiple users posted reviews about how old and outdated an 800mhz processor is ; one thing these people do n't know is that it 's not x86 .
anything non-x86 ( power , powerpc , sparc , mips , alpha , etc ) is much better than anything x86 .
one number i 've heard is that in the days of 100mhz , anything non-x86 was 2 to 2.5 times the speed ( 100mhz alpha = 200 , 250mhz x86 ) .

1
i got a full nice refurbished laptop top for the price !
it looks new and it is fast .
xustermer support is great !

1
i realey like it and it fast and it could be a bit faster but i like and thnkyou f

1
this turned out to be a great laptop so far !
!
!
so far i have n't experienced any thing wrong ... i am able to do my college courses online which is the reason i bought this .
infact my co-worker seen this and wants one as well !
it arrived in exactly 13 days which 14 was predicted.it was secure in packaging and it was very clean .
a few smudges which i wiped off with alcohol no biggie !
!
!
im typing from it now .
i love it so far so good !
!
!
thanks again !
shalisa !
!
!

1
i recieved the item as advertised , but unfortunetly it did n't have everything i wanted in the program .
they were promt at getting me a return and adjusting my account .
i appreciated their service .

1
it 's ancient , and does n't stream youtube very well , but i still use it for home finances , kids games , web surfing , video editing , mp3 editing and web page design .
this is the most reliable computer i have owned ... except the cd/dvd drive pooped out a year or so ago and now i have to use an external drive for that .
i also dj small gigs here and there and use it for mixing tracks .

1
i have been using my 12 '' 700 mhz g3 ibook for 15 months when the ibook g4 series was launched .
still totally satisfied with my g3 , i could not resist this faster machine at such a great price.immediately , i notice the difference in speed and performance - so obvious that i wo n't go into that .
apart from that , the keyboard is now sturdier , with the keys staying in place better than the g3 's .
bigger hard drive , ati mobility radeon 9200 graphics card + panther .
great !
the newer ibooks are also less scratch prone.the slot loading drive is definitely sexier than the tray but might be a problem when you are trying to rip your 3 '' cd singles.the one thing that is not sexier is the choice of material for the palm rest area .
apple decided to replace the slick metallic finish with a cheap plastic one some time during the release of the last ibook g3 's .
unfortunately , the g4 's inherited that .
dirt stains are more stubborn on this plastic finish making the ibook look old and worn after a few months .
perhaps it is apple 's way of justifying the value of the powerbook ... now that both are g4's.wishlist : more than one firewire port ; i do not have to waste a 128 mb memory chip when i upgraded my ram to 640 mb ; better speakers and metallic finish palm rest please ... overall , i am very satisfied with my decision to upgrade .
importing music is now much faster and i get to enjoy panther !
a very good value for money ...

1
although apple markets this laptop as though it 's an entry level laptop for casual users , i can tell you that from my experience it 's plenty powerful enough for the road warrior as well .
unless you have money to burn or some very good reason to go for the powerbook , i suggest you save $ 1,000 and buy the ibook .
the only downside to ordering from amazon is that you ca n't get one with the internal bluetooth module .
this was an issue for me because i have a bluetooth enabled phone and mouse , so i ordered direct from apple.the 1 ghz processor and maximum ram provide lightening fast boot-up and application loading .
add the airport extreme card and you can surf the web from hotspots all over the country .

1
i 've been using and defending pcs for a long , long time !
ever since i got in front of a computer ( about 20 years ago ) , all i 've worked with were pcs .
and i stubbornly kept defending pcs and disregarding macs as thought they were inferior .
as of late , however , i 've been using unix quite a bit and knowing the strengths of all *ix os 's i knew i wanted a *ix compatible laptop .
well , alas !
apple came with panther and i was sold !
i bought this laptop through my university 's apple store and got it `` souped-up '' and i tell you with confidence that this is the *best* laptop i 've ever owned !
the weight is lower than most competitors ' comparable laptops .
the power of panther is outstanding .
i feel confident recommending this laptop to anyone without any reservations .
apple is giving consumers , for the first time , a true alternative to ms windows ' hegemony .
some of you who have been around computers might read the title of this post and giggle for that is what people were saying back in the mid-80s and never became a reality ( at least not for the consumer as evidenced by the market share apple holds ) .
but i think with this laptop and panther apple has made a believer out of me .
very solid , good-lloking , powerful laptop .

1
the fujitsu s6120d lifebook notebook is a light-weight wonder .
it 's sad that fujitsu does n't aggressively market its stylish and feature-packed laptops like the other companies.weighing in at a mere 4.1 pounds with battery and the dvd drive , the lifebook really comes to life outdoors , because the & quot ; super-bright & quot ; lcd screen is beautiful and actually viewable on a nice sunny day here in manhattan .
if you ever tried to use a laptop on a sunny day you should know the lcd is usually too dark even at the highest setting .
the fujitsu s6000 series cranks up the screen brightness to achieve viewability .
the difference is amazing , as i discovered when i compared the s6120d with my older lifebook c2100 and a new apple powerbook .
the latter two 's screens could hardly be read in the sun , whereas the s6120d 's screen was clearly readable and even the colors were quite vivid .
of course , indoors the s6120d 's screen works equally well.performance on this lightweight is decent .
it uses integrated intel graphics chipset so it 's not a gaming machine .
i 've seen benchmarks which put the graphics performance around average for a laptop this size .
processor performance is impressive , and with all that ram applications run quickly under windows xp professional.all the computers in the s6000d series come with built-in 802.11b and 802.11g wi-fi .
( in contrast , the s6000 series , without the d designation , is only 802.11b-capable . )
range is good , but short of the amazing distance my netgear 802.11g pc card can achieve .
but with built-in wi-fi it 's much more convenient plus it 's more power-efficient plus it can be turned off anytime .
( i had trouble using the hardware wi-fi button , though , as each time i had actually use the software panel to turn it on or off . )
what really amazes me is the weight of this baby with a 13.3 & quot ; screen .
what also impresses me is the ability to use a modular bay battery , so you can double your battery life .
of course , the problem is , you are most likely in need of extra battery juice when you run a dvd movie , but the modular bay can accommodate either the dvd drive , or the modular battery , but not both .
still , with two batteries installed at the same time , i can surf wirelessly for hours and hours and hours .
the joy of wireless internet is just fabulous when you do n't have to worry about battery life .
( plus people-watching in bryant park is just fun , now that summer is here and mini-skirts are everywhere . )
fujitsu notebooks are very well built and they have a reputation for top-notch quality .
every part feels solid and durable .
at first i had trouble inserting sd cards into the built-in sd/memorystick slot , but after a couple times it became easier .
overall i think this is going to be a long-lasting machine.in short , if you are looking for an ultra-portable that has a beautiful screen , good battery life , and does n't cost an arm and a leg , this is for you .
i highly recommend it .

1
buy 2 gigabytes of ram on the web for about $ 500 instead of upgrading through ibm , get the ibm a/b/g wireless and you will enjoy the best computing i have ever seen -- other computers i use are dell 600m and desktops , this is fast and with best keyboard and great screenjeff

1
wow ... i was amazed , with shipping i paied 570 $ for a 1 ghz pc .
i bought this for a gift for a friend of mine.. she loves it.this laptop has a strong loud sound system and well.. alot of power to pack .
with the support of a ati 8 mb 3d card , was even strong enough on only 256 mb ram to play sims 2 !
!
!
the added touch that it has a touchpad and a finger mouse was a nice addition.has support for minipci so you can even add a internal wireless card !
this laptop has everything you can need from your serial ports , printer ports , and more.granted one down side is that it only had one usb slot ( 1.1 ) but that is easily fixed with a non powered 4 port hub which gave me no troubles when i used all 4 slots.battery life is very nice too with about 2-3 hours worth and since its just a bay , you can even buy a extra battery , take out the dvd drive and add the 2nd battery support.the only thing i would say you need to do , is add more ram and make sure you get one with a dvd drive.aside from that , this is a great laptop to get that has the power to game , play music well , and do everything.the only thing i hate about this one is how the power cord is hooked into the laptops back .
its this odd square design , not a normal round pin .
always feel like if i mis treat it , it could break on me or do something.. so not sure if its something to worry about or not.but yea , compaired to the 800-1300 $ laptops , this one wont let you down at all !
= )

1
similar to another notebook shopper , i debated between the comparable gateway m505x and toshiba m35-s359 , ( see the very complete review `` nice machine , nice price '' , december 2 , 2003 for the toshiba ) .unlike that reviewer , i ended up purchasing the gateway for a couple of reasons : the toshiba felt a bit flimsy and the keyboard was mushy .
the gateway seems to be constructed better and have a more subsantial feel with a very nice keyboard , without being much heavier ( ~1/2 pound ) .the gateway has much better speakers and a subwoofer which enhances the sound .
the toshiba sounded faint and metallic in comparison .
the gateway also has a very handy av panel with lc display.the screen on the toshiba might be a little better , or at least a little brighter at its highest setting , but both are very good.the gateway offered better extended warranty packages for less money .
also , you can take it into any gateway store instead of shipping it somewhere .
complete extended warranties with accidental damage coverage offered by computer retailers for about the same price were only 2 years vs. gateway 's 3.the gateway is much sleeker , and cleaner looking with its monotone metallic case and integrated speakers.i realize that most of my points are aesthetic , but the hardware is almost identical , and performance should be very comparable .

1
back in 2004 i did quite a bit of research before settling on a t41 ( from newegg.com ) .
i got more ram for 768m total .
over four years later it is still going very strong.great keyboard , light ( even today ) , thin ( even today ) , fairly fast , well-built screen tilting mechanism .
quiet , does n't heat up too much.if you 're a vi user , you probably wo n't like the position of the escape key ( you can remap it to f1 ) .it took about three years for the battery to become unusable ( i recently got a new one for about [ ... ] ) .the built-in wireless antenna stopped working and i got a new one from lenovo support ( for free , it was still under the 3-year warranty ) , but the old one fixed itself as soon as the replacement arrived and has been working now for a few years since.the left 25 % of the space bar do n't produce a space when pressed -- - started happening after around three years.the left button on the lower mouse controls stopped working -- - started happening after four years.i 've been using a macbook pro for work , and every time i open the t41 now , it 's such a relief to be able to tilt the screen as far back as i want .

1
( a ) best keyboard ever made for laptops , ( b ) decent speed , runs office 2007 o.k.
, ( c ) acceptable graphics ( ati 7500 ) or good graphics ( ati 9000 / 9600 / firegl , the latter 2 can play far cry 1.0 ) , ( d ) thinklight is very useful on overseas plane flights , ( e ) fits perfectly on all airplane tray tables , ( f ) outstanding battery life with cd-battery + 9-cell ( 5-6 hrs if you dim the screen ) , ( g ) it actually sleeps and wakes up properly unlike 50 % of all laptops , and ( h ) you can just grab it and run to a conference room , yanking it out of the minidock , and it will sleep properly , unlike newer ( t60 , t400 ) machines where you have to hit a key first !
!
dont buy anything with less than 1.8 ghz processor as the 1.7 ghz and lower have a smaller cache ( 2mb vs 3mb ) and are about 33 % slower.i have used about 4x of these machines at work over the past 6 years .
i just got my 4th machine so each machine lasts about 2 years .
the typical failure is a really bad/sticky key ( 1st ) , a failure of some buttons on the synaptics track pad ( 2nd ) , a hard drive failure ( 3rd ) , or a failure of the power-port male plug , making it difficult ( but not impossible ) to charge the unit .
with the exception of the hard drive failure , none of the failures were catastrophic `` i can not do any work right now '' type of failures , so the system is robust.the ibm repair manual is fantastic so i buy new parts on ebay and repair it myself .
i 've replaced hinges ( very hard ) , screens ( very hard ) , keyboard ( easy ) , touchpad ( easy ) , fans ( medium - you need cpu paste ) .
the keyboard in particular takes 120 seconds to replace as it 's just 5 screws and it pops out .

1
oh , thinkpad , how do i love thee ?
let me count the ways !
i have never had a refurbished machine , so i was wary about glitches and bugs -- but when my computer arrived , all my fears were laid to rest .
this machine is huge , heavy , and sturdy as balls .
this is not a hoity-hoity little macbook air that you 're going to be afraid of breaking if you look crossways at it .
this , my friends , is a f $ # @ ing thinkpad .
this guy eats 5 dozen eggs for breakfast .
he can lift up a bench with three buxom lasses on it .
he uses antlers in all of his decorating .
get the picture ?
good.he is heavy and huge and i have named mine moose.now , granted , this is not a guy you can watch movies on , or play games on .
this is definitely a computer for writing and surfing the web and basics like that .
he can stream pandora or another music service , but tends to skip sometimes if you 're doing anything else .
he has a bit of trouble with flash-heavy webpages , but a good flashblocker add-on can help him with that .
budget your programs with him , do n't ask him to do too much .
i usually limit myself to a chat program ( and i use trillian 3.1 and aim 5.9 ) , word , and chrome .
definitely use the most streamlined versions of things on this guy , and he 'll do you fine.of course , there is the little matter of you being able to add space , speed , and so on with him .
thinkpads are probably the best kind of machine for upgrading .
he 's got space for more inside his casing , which is more than you can say for newer machines , that are just meant to be thrown out after a year.another bonus is the full-size keyboard , the two types of mouse ( a touchpad and the pointing stick , the latter of which has a middle button which i 'm sure does something but i do n't know what ) , the very sturdy mouse-buttons ( they 're loud but push down satisfyingly ) , the status lights at the bottom of the monitor , and the little white led on the top of the monitor , that illuminates the keyboard in the dark .
there are also page forward and page back buttons on either side of the up key.i would say that if you 're a writer in need of a laptop that 'll survive the long haul , or if you 're someone who appreciates a machine that will last you years instead of months , get this .
ffs there 's a review in here from someone who 's had their machine for five years !
this guy wo n't steer you wrong , people .

1
even though this is an older model computer , it works great will up to date software .
it is smaller than a regular laptop and i even find myself using it more because of the convience .

1
we purchased two t-41 laptops back in 2003 .
prior to that , we had a dell - ( terrible ) computer , and a toshiba - ( bad ) computer .
our t-41s are still running fine.the t-41 's are far superior in reliability .
ibm tech support is also far superior to toshiba 's and ( especially ) dell 's which was incredibly horrible.t-41 's have arguably the best keyboard of any laptop ever .
they are sturdy , lightweight and travel well .
the performance is good - even compared to more modern machines .
we upgraded the hard drive capacity and after installing more memory , the speed increased dramatically .
with added memory , they even run windoze 7 just fine .
try to get one with the 9,000 series video card .
they have much greater graphics resolution.our brand-new t-41 's cost about $ 1,400 each back in 2003 .
over the years , the t-41 line has become far less expensive on the used/refurb laptop market .
these computers were built for the corporate market and many of them were leased and returned for refurb .
you can buy one now for about $ 75-175 used .
that 's quite a bargain .
as a result , we bought a few spare identical computers and if we have any problems with one , i just swap the hard drives and i 'm back in business in 10 minutes .
that system works very well for us.we wish ibm were still making laptops instead of lenovo , but it seems as though lenovo is still maintaining good quality in their new machines .
tech support is still provided by ibm , and as previously stated , it is truly outstanding and provided by english speaking americans in atlanta .

1
i love this little notebook .
it does run hot , and the battery lasts about 2.5 hours , but the light weight and nice speed and wifi make up for everything.get yourself a mareware case designed for the small apple laptop .
it is terrific and protective but very compact .
it makes a package that you actually do not mind carrying around and traveling with .
i have had dozens of inquiries about where to obtain the averatec since most are carrying around laptops that are twice has heavy .

1
i love sony vaio 's .
i have had this v505ex for a couple of weeks and love it .
it is so fast , light .
the screen is huge and the keyboard is great .
it has a great warranty and sony backs everything .

1
i looked around quite a bit before settling on the vaio tr3 .
i am more than pleased with it and heartily recommend it .
it is a perfect size for personal use in tight spaces .
i use it on business travel and also when i take a break from work , by going to the local coffee shop.the letters on the keyboard are in a different kind of font and sometimes , if you look down at the keyboard , it can disorient you .
yes , the machine does get warm - but it is not a problem at all .
this machine is jam packed with features , from the cd burner to the camera - which takes great still shots by swiveling the camera around.i say - get this gem now .

1
i have the pcg-tr3ap , which is the `` loaded '' version of the unit .
i had a bad experience with a g4 12 '' ( burned , long story ) i decided to leave apple for good .
i was hesitant because i did not know if i would like to go smaller screen size ( 10.6 '' . )
i have to admit , i am amazed by the so-called xbrite screen , never seen such clear picture and that from every angle .
it is so good that one hardly realizes the smaller size.the unit is very light and easier to carry around than the 12 '' units , yet it includes all the bells and whistles ; like cd burner ( even dvd burner in my case ) wireless connection is a great plus .
you can manually turn it on and off saving battery power.the overall battery use is great thanks to centrino and thanks to the fact that you can fine-tune the screen properties to extend battery life .
in addition i purchased the larger battery as well , which gave me almost double the original battery time.overall , the unit is sturdy and the integrated camera is a nice gadget that is useful , especially considering that video conference is becoming more available every day.the only thing my unit is missing is bluetooth ( i ca n't lie , i am disappointed ) , but you can buy a d-link usb dongle for 35 $ .
the memorystick slot is very useful if you are using other sony products .
another issue i was not very found of was the fact , that sony does not send you any software/cd 's , so a word of advise as soon as you take the thing out of the box , following the instruction make the system restore cd 's they recommend.my experience with the keyboard is very good as well .
it took only couple of hours to get used to the 17mm keys , one thing i am missing is the larger shift key on the right-hand side.this is not a low-budget item , there are laptops on the market for 800 $ , this clearly is more expensive , but you get what you pay for .
i travel a lot and i appreciate the capabilities of this laptop especially since it is delivered in such a small package with little or no compromises .
so if you are looking at this item , make sure to count the extras that you would have to add to another laptop to make it do all the things this one does.although the look of a computer is one of the least important , admittedly , it is very attractive and a discussion piece no matter where you go.i do not want to talk about the harddrive size and memory since this will be different in different models.pros : sizedisplayintegrated cdrw/dvd ( rw ) integrated wifiintegrated camera ( still/video/webcam ) centrino ( low voltage ) battery lifemagicgate memorystick slotthe touchpad has special sections that let you add extra functionalitycons : no restore cd'sno bluetooth ( some models do include bluetooth )

1
for work , i 've primarily used ultrathin notebooks : the sony r505 for a year and then the toshiba r100 over the last 12 months .
here 's what i look for : & gt ; long battery life ( for plane flights ) & gt ; minimal sacrifice of processing power , hd space , keyboard , other features & gt ; painless wifi and ethernet access & gt ; other cool , smart things i can showoffthis vaio is great on a number of fronts:1 .
included battery is solid : 6 hrs for docs , powerpoint , etc , 3 hrs for a dvds .
meets all my needs for coast-to-coast flights .
light as a book.2 .
it works great as my primary computer .
i do hook up to a full keyboard/monitor at the office , but i do n't feel compromised on speed or functionality.3 .
on the road , the is very usable .
you might want to try it out , but i do n't have an issue .
the monitor is extremely clear and bright .
they 've included a zoom feature on the unit to make it easy to enlarge the screen image .
thoughtful , and it works very well.4 .
wifi switch works perfect .
have connected in coffeeshops , airports and the like .
no issues .
the ethernet and dial-up jacks are well-postioned.5 .
monitor jack is on the side so it does n't interfer with the screen being open .
2 usbs are on opposite sides for good reason .
generally , well laid out.6 .
when you 're working on your traytable on a plane , and the person in front of you leans back , your poor display does n't get crushed because it 's short enough not be compacted.7 .
other items : the camera is fun and useful if you use im video .
well positioned for informal chatting .
it includes dvd viewing software ( which my other computer with a dvd drive did n't ) .
my long-term experience with sony laptops has been that they are very good , durable computers .
i researched this unit and compared to other toshiba , dell and thinkpad before the purchase , and after a month feel even more confident about the decision.some cons & gt ; additional battery is overpriced .
as usual , sony makes the upcharge for another battery or larger capacity battery abusely expensive .
such a turnoff .
thankfully , you really do n't need one with this model.
& gt ; the screen is smaller .
hey , you should know this going into it .
fine for word docs , email , ppts , some spreadsheet work , and dvds ( 16x9 format ) , but if you do a lot of graphics work , it 's going to feel tight .

1
i 've had a few sony minicomputers - an early 505g , an sr-7 , and now this tr3a .
each revision of the mini keeps getting better for me : the keyboard fits my hands well , and the screen , while small , is brilliant and sharp ( and at 768x1280 , it is almost equivalent to my powerbook 17 & quot ; ! )
it 's fast , the battery life is very good ( you really can get 5+ hours - i do n't have to plug it in at work , putting it to sleep at lunch and meetings .
the wireless g has very good range too , much better than my previous two powerbooks ... also , it looks fantastic , and i 've got nothing but awed looks at work - everyone wants to try it .
and it 's remarkably light.my only complaints : the touchpad is dinky - you really need an external mouse for serious visio action - and it 's just a little thicker than i wish ... in the end - if size and coolness are primary drivers for you ( as they are for me ) , this is a no-brainer .
but if performance is what you need , the z1 series might be better .
but the screen on the tr is much sharper than the z1.highly recommended by this geek .

1
i just bought this laptop from a compusa , they were the only store to actually have one on display , the unknowledgeable staff at best buys said that this model did n't even exist !
i am a student and wanted something with wireless connectivity , portability , and very small/lightweight .
this laptop met all those requirements .
i use my treo 600 phone/pda with pda net and a usb cable to access the wireless internet when i 'm away from home and i a linksys wireless-g router with speedbooster at home .
i also have cable modem access at home .
the laptop immediately recognized my home network with no adjustments needed .
web access was really fast .
if i am surfing the web i will get 3.5 hrs .
battery life using the standard battery that came with it .
i 'm thinking about buying the double capacity battery that 's available , ( lists at $ 349 but you get 20 % off when you register the laptop . )
it 's also very quiet and does n't get & quot ; hot & quot ; , just very warm .
yes , the keyboard is a little small for my hands , but i just type a little slower and check for accuracy more often.i read all the reviews here before buying .
i also considered the z series , but seeing the x-brite screen on this tr laptop really made me want this one .
the screen is awesome .
very crisp , clear and bright.yeah , the warranty is n't so great , but i bought a 2 yr. warranty through compusa for $ 349 that covers everything , even the screen.if anybody has any questions about this laptop , i highly recommend it and you can e-mail me your questions at : jjs070470 @ cox.net.thanks !

1
this is one great laptop !
it 's light and portable but tough !
the 1.7gh processor is fast !
!
60gb of hard drive is more than what i need !
i bought it new 4 years ago and it works great and am learning to appreciate it more with time !
never a problem .
love the wireless feature !
worth every penny !
portable , reliable , easy to use , nice to look at !

1
i have been a fan of the vaio since sony released the first 16.1 '' uxga laptop .
when sony broke the 3.0 ghz barrier , i decided to upgrade my 1.6ghz grx 500 to the new grt series .
i have been very happy with my purchase.like sony 's other consumer products , vaio notebooks offer complete product refinement , with exceptional attention to detail and aesthetics that are superior to offerings from dell , hp and toshiba .
before purchasing my first sony , i was an owner of a top-of-the line dell inspiron .
an analogous comparison of the shell build quality between the two machines is the comparison of a 2004 honda accord and a 1990 buick regal .
the fit and finish are vastly superior on the sony .
with the latest generation grt 390 , sony raises the bar.at first glance , it is appears that sony invested a great deal into the design and manufacture of the enclosure , layout of buttons and jacks as well as the screen hinges and frames .
it is much sturdier than the competition with a metallic lid paired with a metallized plastic main body enclosure .
the interface , from the tactile response of the keys to the clarity of the screen is superior to products from other manufacturers .
yet , the user must experience this firsthand .
while it is difficult to describe on paper , the difference becomes apparent when comparing them side-by-side in a retail store .
sony strives to create a refined package with close integration of the various hardware components .
one good example is sony 's first-to-market use an integrated flash memory slot.unfortunately , my original vaio grx 500 did not hold up to the abuse of my brutal travel schedule .
it had to be sent back to their sole north american repair facility in san diego .
the single-facility repair limitation is ( was ) the biggest problem with sony .
the grx was not as sturdy as the grt .
the grx500 was quite thin for its large footprint , which was made me concerned about flex and potential damage to the large screen .
in the grt , sony has beefed up the enclosure , increasing the overall thickness by 3/8 '' and the weight by two pounds.while the grt has been fairly problem free , i had one minor , yet disturbing problem .
the internal speakers started crackling for couple of weeks and then went completely dead .
however , after some time , they began to work again with no difficulties .
this surprised me , because such problems typically get worse.as a true desktop replacement , it is a very fast machine .
the combination of the 3.06 ghz processor and 1 gb ram makes the grt noticeably faster than its 1.6ghz/512 mb predecessor .
my one complaint with the configuration is the lack of a 7200 rpm drive , which first came to market last year .
i decided to purchase a 7200 rpm hitachi travelstar 7k60 and installed it before transferring my files .
it was well worth the time and expense .
however , it identified a major complaint i have with the grt , which is a lack of system disks or even system restore disks .
it took me about three hours to create the three dvd 's ( i ca n't imagine how long it would take to create the 20+ cd 's ) .
in my opinion , a premium laptop like this should come both with restore disks and operating systems disks .
sony claims that microsoft restrictions are preventing the former.my initial motivation for purchasing my first vaio was the 16.1 '' uxga screen , which was the best i have seen .
it obviated the need for a separate monitor .
the xbrite technology employed in the grt has improved the screen quality over the previous generation .
by the time this model was available , other vendors were selling machines with 17 '' wxga screens .
the image quality is superior on grt.while i opted for a non-mobile processor , i have started to question my decision .
it is nice that sony offers this as an option , but the battery life is as little as 1:10:00 with wifi enabled .
in addition , the rather loud fans kick in when the processor is going full steam.the one major concern for any user should be sony 's repair policies and capabilities .
standard repair , which was their only option until recently , can take up to ten ( 10 ) business days .
sony 's sole repair facility is in san diego .
recently , sony added onsite service for an additional fee , but terms and conditions of what specifically can be repaired onsite are too vague for critical business use.pro'sbest available screenintegrated wifiexcellent build qualitybest screen on the marketcon'spoor battery lifeheavypoor repair/customer servicelack of system disksno 7200 rpm factory drive

1
this laptop , while it weighed in at a metric ton , worked well for me .
never had a window 's issue , and the machine worked flawlessly with linux also .

1
i really did not know what to expect .
toshiba did a great job of providing every conceivable bit of information a person might need regarding the product .
i was grateful for that !
i bought the linksys wireless g router and the hook up to my existing cable router was virtually automatic .
all i had to punch in was my e-mail address one time only !
the freedom to go anywhere in the house or even outside on the front or back porch and be on the internet without wires was a fantastic feeling !
i really love this this little baby !
!
!
i have only had the computer for a few weeks now , so i have n't really had any problems yet .
i 've downloaded incredimail premium and found only one spam and pop-up killer that works with it ( giant corp ) , but with all the changeover to an alternate mail program this toshiba has taken it all in stride !
anyone should be happy with this product !
!
!

1
this machine is as good as it gets !
from an aesthetics point-of-view , it is plain flat awesome .
the xbrite screen gives you excellent contrast and clarity , making it a winner in the movie/picture viewing category .
the silver-grey tinge to the laptop is also something to be cherished .
the layout of the keyboard and ports is very ergonomic.also the laptop is light for a p-4 .
it has about 2 hours of backup on the battery.the laptop comes with 512 mb ram ( mind you it is shared with the video memory..so you get a little less ) , and combined with a 2.8 ghz p-4 it gives you the speed you need for most heavy applications .
i have been able to use it for regular internet and word-processing tasks , as well as programming .
the complement of software on the laptop is pretty good too.the only drawback to me is that the adapter is big and heavy .
maybe sony could work on that a little bit.over-all a highly recommended purchase for any professional or student .

1
i 've had this laptop for about 6 months now and absolutely love it !
i lug it with me to school and any wi fi spot in town and this computer has never given me any problems .
the clarity of the screen has to be seen to be appreciated and the size is just right ... not too small..not too thin..just right !
the ac adapter is a little bulky but i use a targa lap top backpack to lug it around and everything fits perfectly !
i 've always had success with the sony brand and when i spotted this laptop..i loved the appearance and the features..you have plenty of processing speed and a dvd and cd burner combo to boot !
dvds play flawlessly and cds burn with no problem..2 2.0 usb ports on the side provide a lot of convenience and any peripherals you need to attach is as easy as pie !
i 'm very happy with it !
!

1
i have found the sony vaio pcg-k13 to be an excellent compromise between a desktop replacement and a laptop .
weighing in at 7.3 pounds , it is fairly portable , and sports an excellent 15 & quot ; screen .
sony engineers developed the x-brite lcd technology which allows for a very sharp , bright display that rivals other displays employing sxga technology .
the 64 mb .
ati radeon 1gp video adapter provides the graphics quality .
on display at a national computer store , the pcg-k13 stood out among the other laptops for brightness and clarity.the pcg-k13 employs the fujitsu mht2040at 40 gb .
hard drive which is whisper quiet .
i have to press my ear to the computer to hear any rotational or seek activity .
likewise for the system fan , which is equally whisper quiet and keeps the computer case cooled nicely .
these two factors help provide a very calming computing experience.ergonomically , the keyboard and electrostatic touch pad could n't be better .
the large keyboard incorporates full size enter , shift , control ( 2 ) , tab and backspace keys .
keytouch is quiet with good tactile feedback .
the touchpad requires very minimal pressure to operate , and the left and right control buttons are large and well placed.three usb ports , one firewire port , a parallel port , external monitor port , pcmcia slots ( 2 ) , and standard audio ports are provided .
no serial port - usb replaces that.the negatives ?
one is short battery life , understandable when feeding a 2.8 ghz .
pentium 4 processor .
squeezing two hours from the battery would be the most you can expect from this unit .
for me , however , this is not a problem - i am rarely away from an ac outlet , and having pentium 2.8 ghz .
speed makes up for the battery life.secondly , nearly 5 gb .
of hard drive space is used by the recovery partition .
rather that supply a recovery cd-rom , sony forces you to burn nine disks to provide the recovery set , or purchase a dvd recovery disk from them .
you can then recover the 5 gb .
partition for your own use.lastly , the 512 mb .
ram is shared with the ati adapter , leaving 448 mb .
for system use .
still , system performance is more than adequate.i would highly recommend this computer for someone wanting an above average mainstream laptop for general computing and perhaps some moderate graphics ( photoshop ) work .
for gaming or highly detailed design work , you would need to look elsewhere.at $ 1399.00 us , with promotions occasionally offering it at $ 1249.00 , this is one laptop well worth considering .

1
we have owned this model for a number of years and it has been great .
we still use it many hours every day both as a tv and as a pc .
in fact it is the last remaining windows computer in the house because it works so well - every other pc has been swapped out for a mac .
my biggest fear is with the upcoming switch to digital tv by our cable company will render the tv unusable - only time will tell.i love the tv style remote and the ability to watch tv in a window while surfing the web .
i am not aware of any comparable product today .

1
every time i walk into our den i break into a smile just to see our new sony pcv-w600g vaio .
sony deserves a lot of credit for breaking the mold and coming up with a totally new design for the desktop computer , with a fold-up keyboard , an elongated screen , and a space-age clock .
it 's perfect for our mid-century ( 1950 's ) style den.and the pcv-w600g is n't just pretty .
we 've been thrilled with the ease and the speed of our new computer .
other than the recommended copying of all the software onto recovery disks ( in case of some unspecified potential disaster ) , which took two hours , the set up was a breeze .
being an eternal pessimist , i kept waiting for the big glitch and the resulting 3 hours on the phone with some technician halfway around the world .
it never happened .
and , for the first time , we have a computer that does n't dawdle after each click.we 've yet to explore all of this computer 's potential .
we have n't tried , for example , to hook up the tv cable to the computer yet .
but , for the word processing , web surfing , email , and music listening that we have done , we are totally satisfied.i know that there are more powerful computers out there , and some may be for less money , but i do n't think any of them would bring a smile to my face the way my sony does .

1
even though the tr series of sub-subnotebooks from sony is now discontinued , it still sports modern-day mobile computing technologies as well as great styling -- arguably one of the best-looking laptops of all time .
this model ( tr3ap1 , with the `` p '' meaning it comes with windows professional instead of home ) used to cost over $ 2300 , but now it 's selling for such a low price .
is it an outdated computing ?
no , because it has centrino ( intel m processor , the mobile chipset , and the integrated 802.11b/g wi-fi ) , a great bright screen , and a builtin vga camera .
a couple other manufacturers in asia ( notably asus and samsang ) have copycatted this design ; why sony never sued them is a mystery , maybe it 's because in asia nobody outside of japan knows what `` intellectual property '' means anyway .
but those knockoffs have terrible quality , unlike this genuine sony .
the only downside is the the small screen the tr has , which is only 10 '' measured diagonnaly .
but this is a great little machine that can play dvds and pull in wi-fi anywhere there 's a hotspot .
get it while it 's still in supply !
it has high quality unlike some recent sony products .
btw i laughed when reading another person 's `` i have great luck with dell and apple , '' cuz those two companies use asian sweatshops and cheap parts and their computers break down all the time .
apple even got sued by their loyal customers in 2004 for selling lemon ibooks .

1
the laptop is just too good .
excellent audio and video and makes up a good cinemascope screen and good theater like environment for watching dvds.connects to wi-fi network with ease.portability also good but some may not like the 15 & quot ; wxga screen which makes the laptop look lil big but then if you go for a lesser screen you clearly lose the clarity.keyboard is springy and not hard like other laptops but i would buy an additional set of mouse and keyboard.i found the dvd drive to be too gentle and sometimes fear if that would come out if i use a bit of force.overall it is my dream machine and hope it would be the same for you too.happy toshiba-ing

1
i bought this pc as a gift to my father.he used it for several years.nowadays you will probably be better off with a macbook air or something like that .
but years ago , toshiba was the way to go .

1
toshiba satellite m35-s320 does n't dissapoint me at all .
centrino really works , allowing me to keep on working for hours .
the battery can last up to 3.5 hrs and it can work well despite the heat that is building up !
!
have fun watching movies and playing games !
!
!
the only bad thing : the volume is too soft whille watching movie and a bit too big and heavy !
!
!

1
i bought this machine to replace my sony vaio pcg-grz630 that had some sort of unfixable issue that caused it to turn off and then only turn back on occasionally if you held your breath and tossed salt over your left shoulder while saying chants to the old-gods .
my experience with sony support was the stuff of nightmares .
i never did talk to anyone who could give me any answers despite hours spent in frustration .
my vaio was a `` better '' machine if you just look at the specs .
it had a bigger hard-drive , more memory , was faster , and more expensive , but my toshiba outperforms it .
here 's how:1 .
when i play dvds everything is smooth .
with my vaio , i had to turn the screen specs all the way down in order to get it sort of smooth2 .
the battery lasts forever and the power management settings are easy as pie and very relavant .
ie .
dvd playback , presentation , long life , etc .
i live in florida and during all the hurricane power outtages we watched dvds on my laptop .
it charged quickly in the car and would play nearly 2 entire movies before needing a charge .
i could use my sapphion external battery and charge it in the car and have continious laptop use with the power out .
the vaio used so much power that my external battery would not work with it and on airplane rides , had such short life that i could n't even watch a movie if i started with a full charge .
frustrating.3 .
all laptops get hot ... fact of life .
if you want a cool laptop , do n't turn the thing on , but this one has little feet that keep it up off of surfaces a little and it does n't get as hot as that vaio did , not by a long shot .
if you are worried about generating too much heat , for instance if you are outside on a hot summer day , there are power settings that can minimize the problem.4 .
the vaio had a 2.4 gig processor , the toshiba a 1.5 , but i ca n't seem to tell the difference , not even when i use my demanding statistics software.5 .
this baby is light and thin and very sexy looking.6 .
best built in laptop speakers i ever heard.7 .
that volume wheel on the front is just plain handy8 .
built in wireless with a handy little switch for turning it on and off in case you are n't using it and want to conserve power.9 .
the secure digital slot is awesome .
i have a camera , an mp3 player , and a pda that also use sd.10 .
an ir port .
i can hotsync my pda wirelessly without having to deal with the configuration nightmare that is bluetooth .
ir is a bit slow for an initial hotsync ... i recommend the wire for that , but for the frequent calendar , notes , memos , address book hotsyncs , it is perfect.11 .
this is a big one for me ... there is a number you can call if you have questions or problems with your computer .
sony goes to a lot of trouble to make themselves hard to get ahold of .
i will never purchase another sony product as long as i live no matter how great it is for that reason alone .
when you are writing a thesis and you have deadlines and your computer screws up , you do n't need the crap they put you through .
toshiba provides you with stickers with phone numbers on them for you to put on the bottom of your computer.the downside -- 2 of the 3 usb ports are in an unfortunate location .
they are on the right side toward the front , which means that if you have limited space and a usb mouse , the 2 front ports put wires right where you want your usb mouse or wacom pad or number pad to sit .
i usually plug my targus hub into the rearmost port ( also on the right side , but away from the other 2 all the way in the back ) and plug everything into it to avoid this frustration.edit : 2012 -- still using this computer .
it is n't my main any more , and i had to get a new battery for it , but it is still going strong .

1
first of all i would like to remind people this should be a review for the notebook itself not to give it one star for 3rd party sellers !
i 'm a cg artist and have been searching for 5 months to purchase a new computer .
i could n't go for normal laptop since i 'm working on memory monsters applications such as autocad , 3d max and photoshop , and they really need a real powerful pc.i ordered this piece of art from amazon my first and best online shopping place .
they never let me down .
shipping was fast and my laptop made it safe to my home.the first thing i checked is how many memory slots ( ram ) was occupied since i wanted to go first for the s609 with 1g ram installed but i did n't want to risk with the 64mb video memory ( i 'm so happy that i did n't ) .
my s670 came with only 512 and a free slot which i can easily add an extra 1g ram and may be for another one to be 2g ram later.first time i saw it with it 's unique dazzling design i hold my breath when i turned the power button on .
take it from a graphic expert this is the sharpest and clearest screen my eyes had ever seen .
when i look back to my old renderings they look even prettier than ever before : ) .i run all the benchmarks i 've ever heard about ( pcmark2002 , 3dmark2003 ) and i was amazed with how smooth they went with outstanding results.but the real challenge when we rendered same 3d max file on the newest machine in our office which is : latest amd athlon 64 bit , 2g ram , 256mb video memory , 10.000 rpm hd ( a real monster ! )
guess what !
the toshiba satellite p25 s670 beat it with 2 minutes !
!
!
it was my first time to see how the ht ( hyper threading ) technology from intel works .
on vray ( a renderer ) you can see it calculates as if there are 2 processors with 2 rendering buckets.what i 'm sure of ..that i 'll always get amazed each time i discover something new about this beautiful machine.for people talking about short battery life i do n't even use the battery , i remind them this is not a laptop this is a real desktop replacement.we went for a vacation , a friend of mine brought his digital camera but he forgot to bring its usb port !
no problem the p25 has a build in sd card reader !
ca n't even describe how i played spiderman ii on the wide screen needless to see the original movie : ) there are more stories to tell about this amazing machine make me give it 10 stars not only 5 !
!
i 100 % recommend it for users who never accept less than the best .

1
i bought my toshiba a45-s121 in december 2004 , and within a month upgraded the hard disk to 100 gb , and decided to go all the way with 2 gb of ram .
with both upgrades installed , this laptop performs flawlessly , without a single complain running intensive cpu and 3d applications , like 3d studio max , lightwave 3d and e-frontier poser.in my personal setting , i use in the road my a45 with 2 external usb drives ( 160 gb each ) and a trackball , getting 2 hours of battery life ( up to 3 without them ) .
the machine is easily serviceable by the user ( adding memory modules , changing the hard disk and cleaning the cpu heatsink requires just a few minutes ) , and there 's the possibility to replace or upgrade the cpu by yourself.the contrast in the screen might be my only complain , but then again this is a bussiness-oriented machine , rather than a gaming pc .
the battery life you can get is simply outstanding , because of the synergy between the low power consumption cpu and lcd screen .
expect no less than 2 hours of battery in most conditions.in my experience , this is a very reliable laptop , and with the proper upgrades ( cheap ones ) it can outperform more expensive systems with ease .

1
i own this puppy since 2005 , and it never quit on me.you 've got to know i travel a lot with it : air by plain , helicopter ; sea by all kinds of boats , ships , tankers , you name it ... in 2005 i bought it for the sale price at $ 700 , thinking that the life expectancy of a notebook ( in my job ) would be maximum two years !
... i since upgraded the ram ( 1gb ) , hdd ( 80gb ) , and os ( xp-pro-sp2 ) , and this baby never quit on me !
i dropped it , i abused it , it was badly handled , i almost got bored with it , i wanted a new laptop !
but it keeps on working ( fast ) and i see no reason to buy another one because this thing keeps on booting and working hard , again , and again !
help me find a better laptop ... ( i am writing this on my baby , my expensive desktop pc just quit on me ! )
...

1
at first i thought it was too good to be true , i mean the very compact size , the moderate sized screen , and the overall look ... and after a while i found out that it was too good to be true , at the time of trying to install an old printer in my computer , i found out that there is no parallel connection for a printer only one for some other thing , like a monitor or somehting .
even though i did not want to buy a new printer because i liked my old one a lot , i saw myself forced to buy one that had a usb connection .
after that it was all good , except there is only 2 usb ports in the computer , and they are all taken up , so at the time of wanting to plug in my camera to the computer i have to disconnect either the printer or the floppy drive which is external ( the computer does not include one ) a usb hub should solve that though .
other than that the only other bad thing is the tiny speakers , they suck , but earphones or a regular set of pc speakers should solve that problem .
otherwise the keyboard is great , i feel it is very confortable , and it runs very smoothly , battery life does suck , but with a spare battery ( one bought at some other place with more battery life ) that problem was fixed .
the scrolling wheel is pretty small so it is slow , but if the finger is rubbed against the right corner of the mouse pad then it moves much faster .
even though i have encountered problems with this computer they have been very tiny problems and they have all been fixed , otherwise the performance and overall speed of this notebook are very good .
this tiny slim and sleek notebook has been the best thing that i have ever bought .
: )

1
this is a very good laptop .
i have one now for over a year .
very good graphics , wide screen - love it , video memory is huge for the price ... because it is widescreen , it is a lttle bit bulky .
also the power adaptor is a little big .
i personally do n't care.== update jan 6 2010 ==still lives ( with battery life reduced to 15 minutes ) running arch and ubuntu linux ( system76.com is a better place to look for linux laptops ) .
no power jack problems as reported by others , but it hardly moves and is always plugged in .

1
if you have to have one of those ancient windows based machines its a good buy ... .i prefer my macs however .
im surprised that it did n't come with a crank like an old time adding machine !
still running fine btw !

1
can easily handle new games like half life 2 , fable , and battlefield 2 -- but i still take it to class every day as it 's easy to carry in my backpack and the battery lasts about an hour an a half ( note to the guy who wrote the last review-i think your battery is defective ) .i have had this computer for just under a year now , and i love it .
i have never had any problems with any component , and it still gives my friend 's pcs a run for their money !

1
i thought i would put the record straight on this laptop .
i have been using portable computers for over 19 years since the compaq luggable , and currently own the following notebooks : - thinkpad t41- sony vaio k23- dell inspiron 5150- apple ibook 12 inch- thinkpad 600e- emachines m6809 ( another amd - 64 bit athlon ) ... .so you will find this review very accurate and unbiased.first of all , this is an outstanding laptop for under $ 1,000 .
it has a fast processor and hard disk and 512mb of ram is enough for most tasks and quite a bit of multi-tasking .
it is well-built , with a very sturdy magnesium alloy frame , although some would say it could look a bit cheap.the screen is very bright and sharp and i do n't find 1024x768 at all restrictive in a 12-inch screen size ... .i would say it is just perfect.the keyboard ... ..ah yes , the keyboard .
well , all the letter keys are great full-size keys with a good travel and a nice feel .
the only thing that may take some getting used to on the keyboard is as follows : - several keys are smaller than what you will be used to , including all the function keys and all the number keys along the top , but they are definitely usable.- the pgup , pgdn , home and end keys have to have the fn key pressed as well , so that takes a little getting used to.- probably the worst one for me was the size of the backspace key , as i use this a lot : - ) - the comma and period keys are also smaller.however , take it from me , this is a very usable keyboard.the wireless card and antenna give the best reception out of all of my notebook computers , which is really nice .
the battery life is over 2.5 hours , which is good and well within parameters for its class .
the batteries are only $ 99 , so i got a spare one for long trips .
three handy usb ports on the right hand side make connecting peripherals a snap , although they are placed close together.this machine has the nicest touchpad i have ever come across - a beautiful light feel and tap-and-drag with locking drags means that you never ever have to use the left mouse button !
it 's a synaptics model , so up there in quality with the best.the machine does get a little hot , so you will need to put it on a magazine if you have it on your lap a lot - i got a targus lap desk from compusa .
this will increase the airflow to the fan as well , so worth the investment.so do not believe the naysayers ... ..run , do n't walk to the nearest outlet and buy one of these .
you will not regret it for one moment , believe me .
fantastic quality , specifications and performance for the price ... ..unbeliveable , really.i use this more than my thinkpad , which is saying something , huh ?
cheerssteve

1
a bright , clear screen , large hard drive , speedy processor , wireless lan , smooth touchpad , and longer-than-average battery life all tucked into a tight and inexpensive 12-inch package .
yeah , there 's lots to complain about there.i guess you could find stuff , if you really wanted to .
the keyboard *is* small , but why order a 12-inch laptop if you 're only going to whine and moan about the size of the keyboard ?
sure , it 'd be nice if the battery lasted forever , but this is n't an ibook ; you 're getting twice the computing power for less money , so some sacrifices become necessary .
anyone who 's ever tried typing on an ibook , and then on the averatec 3200 will tell you that the averatec is a much more user-friendly machine , because your hands never accidentally graze the touchpad , so the cursor stays where you left it.the analog volume control is especially nice , since i detest changing volume with the keyboard .
all ports plus the dvd/cd drive are thoughtfully placed ( on the sides instead of the back ) , and the 1.5 inch speakers are clear and strong , in spite of what some perpetually dissatisfied prima donnas will tell you .
what kind of person complains about the sound quality from a couple of speakers no bigger than your thumb ?
give me a break .
`` hmm , this volkswagen beetle is n't too fast , let me whine about it for a while .
`` anyone who has ever owned or used a laptop for work will be thrilled with the averatec 3200 .
forget the opinions of the spoiled gaming fanboys who 'd complain about a free lunch if they did n't get enough salt on their fries ; this is a great machine .
no , it 's not gon na run doom 3 or far cry , but what kind of n00b would expect it to ?
if you 're in the market for a laptop , you 'd could do worse than averatec .
hopefully they 'll be around for a long time .

1
if when playing a dvd , the sound is n't loud enough , use the included `` power dvd '' software and not windows media player .
for some reason , the sound is a lot louder when using power dvd.this is a great product and a great value !
would buy again .

1
i do n't get it .
averatec makes a great laptop but you never see them reviewed in publications such as pc world , pc magazine , or consumer reports .
i really wanted a smallish laptop that was easy to travel with , easy to move around the house , and easy on the wallet .
after looking at everything available on the market , i had to chose between the $ 900 averatec and a $ 1500 fujitsu .
both were similarly equiped , but the fujitsu had a nicer , slightly larger screen .
but when it came down to it , i was able to buy the averatec and a new cheap desktop computer for the price of the fujitsu .
so i bought the averatec and have been very happy ever since .
the screen is fine , the keyboard is good , and it is built very well .
it is much easier to tote around than my old 8-pound ibm thinkpad .
i do have two complaints , however .
first of all , the battery does n't last very long .
i ca n't even get through a dvd movie when unplugged .
perhaps i got a bad battery , but i think its probably just a weak design .
the second problem is that the audio is too quiet , whether i use the built in speakers or headphones .
this makes it a bit hard to use for movie watching in a noisy place ( such as an airplane or laundrymat ) .
those problems are minor , though , and i really bought it for use as a computer and not as a dvd player .
when i want to buy another laptop , i would seriously consider buying another averatec ... i just hope they are still in business !

1
i bought this machine to replace my toshiba with something a little lighter as i also carry an ibook ( need unix for work ) this gem has eclipsed the ibook as well as i have it dual booting debian linux and windows xp .
the battery life is a bit short ( 2 hours ) but more batteries are reasonable.the keyboard is well designed , something hard to find on a low-cost small machine.i 've owned 20 notebooks and this is my second favorite ( after my old libretto ) .
for less than $ 1,000 it is the best value around and even without considering the low price it is a great machine !

1
i bought this yesterday for $ 700ar at microcenter la , ca and it is way cool .
deal ends 8-28 or 29buy it if you want light , good ram and wireless.b the envy of your friends 4 no money

1
a great computer !
lightweight and well made .
this is my second toshiba laptop .
perhaps what i like most about the tecra m2v is that rather than a bunch of buttons , bells and whistles , toshiba has focused on making this lightweight and reponsive to the businessman/woman or serious student .
i wrote my doctoral dissertation on it , using the docking station to hook up to a large monitor and standard keyboard after coming home from the university every day .
never let me down .
hint : buy the large double capacity battery in addition to the battery included .

1
what can i say , it 's a great laptop .
its good to travel with and the price was right .
toshiba 's customer service is second to none !

1
it is a great priced notebook except few things.it heats up at the bottom , the fan is at the bottom , therefore you have to place something under it , coolpad will be the best.the keyboard is difficult to adjust , number keys are very small , deletion is at the top right , shift is at very far right therefore every time i press up arrow .
i bought an external keyboard but it is not convenient every time .
control key is not on the left corner.except that is great for many applications , previous reviewer complained about dvd sound , dvd sound is set by default to confortable setting , you can change that setting and have loud and great sound.few times it booted itself , i do n't know if is software or hardware problem .
battery life is not so great arund 2 hr.dvd plays flawlessly .
wireless is great and easy to use , just press a button.want a cheap and lightweigt , i may recoomend ( except keyboard , if it would bother you , do n't buy it )

1
first things first !
when you buy an apple , you are far far away from all those bulky , dirty wintels .
a wintel pc which claims a 2.8 ghz pc with windows and the same ram , can not match the power of this tinytot .
mac os x is an awesome os .
since apple makes its own hardware and software , i believe macs have an advantage over pcs , which are a smorgasbord of components from a lot of diverse companies .
apple takes care of every minor issue you can think of , so you dont have to bang your head about it later.about the powerbook 12 '' , i bought it after the recent upgrade coz it just seemed irresistible .
the 256 mb ram is still not sufficient .
you 'll need to upgrade it to atleast 512 mb , and i could do it myself in 5 mins flat .
mac os x has some great applications for video , however quicktime disappoints me when playing avi files .
but you can find a host of other freeware that you can install on a mac.among all the apple computers , the 12 '' powerbook seems to be the best in terms of value for money .
the design is fabulous , the keyboard the best among all the laptops i 've seen so far .
it tends to get a little warm under the left palm , but it doesnt bother me that much .
the display is awesome .
if you care , even the charger is beautiful .
( compare the charger to those bulky dell ones and you 'll know what i mean ) .to any avid pc-user who is doubtful of being comfortable with this powerbook , i 'll just say 'go for it , you 'll love it ' .
and dont worry abt the software , you get everything for a mac , except the games.the world would have been a much more beautiful place , had apple been in microsoft 's place .

1
i 've been a windows/unix user all my life .
this is my first mac and i love it.pros : - mac os x is way more stable than any microsoft windows available- did you know that mac os x is unix-based ?
i love real unix shell.- light & small- slot-loading optical drive is better than the regular one , imo- wi-fi 802.11b/g + bluetooth now included- & uuml ; ber-long battery life .
my 5-month old battery lasts about 3 hours when i 'm just browsing the web ( wifi-on , bluetooth-on ) - not likely to get infected by virus/malware/spyware.- ilife suite included- supports dual display - i use this pb as a desktop replacement- high quality soundcard - i 've seen some pc laptop that has crappy soundcard .
it 's bad to the point that your mp3 sound really badcons : - admit it , there are less software for mac os x .
make sure that you know everything you need has mac version available .
do n't depend on virtual pc .
it 's tad slow on this 1.33ghz cpu.- software running on mac is not as optimized as it should.- this is the cheapest powerbook available .
it 's lcd screen is n't as good as 15 '' /17 '' ones .
it 's acceptable , reliable but you can not expect something as good as- 256 meg of ram is not enough for you to run regular software smoothly .
consider adding at least another 256.- internal fan is sometime annoying when you do heavy graphics/calculation .
you can not watch dvd fullscreen without headphone .
it 's that noisy .

1
one of the things i had heard a lot about was the powerbook 's long battery life , and they were n't kidding .
while 5 hours is a bit high , for normal use 3 to 4 is a very rough range .
even so , 3 hours is a long longer than some pc laptops gets , such as my old compaq presario 2195us .
even more so than the long battery life , though , which in itself is amazing , is the seamless transition from running from the power adapter and running from the battery .
unlike the compaq i mentioned before , in which xp would switch to the battery settings , dimming the screen and slowing it down ( and even when i set it to maximum performance it still seemed slower ) everything stays the same .
no kidding .
unplug .
no difference .
plug it in .
the same thing .
while trying to setup my wireless network , i forgot to plug it in , running off the battery the entire time without even knowing it .
when i finally did , i was amazed that i was n't running from the wall : it was exactly the same experience as when it was plugged in .
so for that 4 hours you get the most amazing experience due , in part , to mac os x.in terms of power -- ram , cpu , etc.
-- i am impressed .
the standard 256mb ram that comes with the computer is simply not enough , and i 've had a few slow-downs even with an extra 512mb installed ( for a total of 768mb ram ) .
albeit i was running a dozen large applications , the point is that extra ram is a must and that maxing it out is the best thing you can do , so long as you have the extra money to spend .
it really makes a difference .
as far as raw processor power goes , i found it a bit slow at first ( though much faster than a 1.33ghz pc ) .
my experience here is sordid , though , because i at first owned an 867mhz rev .
a powerbook for about a month or so before trading it in for this rev .
c beauty .
regardless , whatever slowdowns i experiences at first are all but gone -- or i 've grown used to them .
either way , this thing runs like a ferrari.i ca n't really comment on its size and weight , as i have yet to carry it around with me much , but i will make a note of the screen size : despite it being merely 12 '' -- quite smaller than the 15 '' screens i have been using on laptops for the past year -- i was accustomed to it almost immediately .
i remember using my mom 's laptop at one point a week after buying this that looking at her 15.4 '' widescreen was just.. i was thunderstruck at how large it was .
afterwards , i went back to my laptop , and saw a normal-sized screen .
i was incredulous before making my purchase , people who said the screen was fine being quite unconvincing , but i have to say that they were absolutely right .
you get used to it in an instant , and everything else is , well , huge in comparison.and how quiet it is !
i 've never been one to be bothered by the sound of computer fans -- though the ones in my old desktop were outrageously loud and annoying -- and thought my old laptop to have been quiet , but after using a powerbook for two months , i know better .
i would classify my old compaq as not loud , as it truly was n't , but definitely not quiet .
quiet is this , my powerbook .
more than a few times i 've made a reach for the power button , and even begun to press it , before i realized that it was asleep , usually brushing against my mouse and awakening the computer , the screen glowing as it came to life .
that is quiet.i simply must mention mac os x , even though it is n't a hardware part of the powerbook .
it has made my experience exponentially better .
though odd at first -- i had to relearn how to make line breaks in im clients , how to use the command key as often as the control key , and even learn the combos ( command+shift+letter , for instance ) -- it really has made computing more fun .
i know it sounds corny , and at first it was n't that way , but having grown used to it , seeing some of the applications out there , using them , etc.
, i could n't be happier .
on top of a different way of obtaining most apps -- that is , paying for them via credit card and simply buying the cd key , then downloading the trial software and unlocking all the features -- there is such a diverse selection to choose from .
for instance , there 's icomic , which , using perl scripts , allows you to view [ web ] comics from within it , and even download them to your hard drive automatically .
i do n't know of any pc program that does this .
as opposed to doing everything with one program , you have multiple , smaller , more efficient applications .
for instance , instead of using photoshop to slowly and painstakingly fade the ends of my images out to a white , i can simply set a template in , say , yellow mug software 's easyframe , drag all my files into it , and it 'll do the same thing automatically .
which brings up arguably the best part : the widespread use of drag 'n ' drop .
the most basic and amazing use being that , when you want to open a file in a non-default program , instead of right clicking , going to open with ... , etc.
, you can simply drag the file to the application in question and drop it on it , automatically opening it in that application.overall , my experience with this powerbook , and its os , has been nothing short of stunning ; amazing ; the greatest computer experience of my life .
not only is it fun , but the os is unparalleled and it finds the balance pc laptops can only dream of achieving : being portable without sacrificing performance .

1
absolutely phenonomal computer .
i have owned it for about a month and will sing the praises of it to anyone who will listen .
its a beutiful laptop , with the top , bottom and sides being smooth and unbelimished , not pockmarked and covered in screws like other laptops .
its alumium body is not only extremely strong , it is beutiful .
the laptop has been known to get some stares in coffee houses and airports .
it 's as functional as the bigger laptops , but the size of an ultraportable .
apple is known for making computers that just work , and this one does .
they truly think of all the little things when they build powerbooks like this .
eg .
a slot loading drive , so there is no tray to snap off .
one of the best examples i can think of is the latch .
on most laptops , the latch is on the top and is prone to breaking .
on the powebook , however , it is spring loaded , so that it automatically retracts into the monitor when not in use .
then , when the lid is closed , a magnet pulls it out and latches it .
the keys are also very shallow , so that when one uses it on a flight or in public , the tapping of the keys is so quiet it will not distrub anyone else .
osx is unbeliveable , and this computer is lighting fast .
buy it with the stock ram , then take it to your local hole in the wall computer shop and buy a stick of ram and install it yourself .
apple not only encourages this , they make it very easy .
an amazing computer that will beat the pants of off anything out there .
6/5 stars .

1
i 've been using desktop pc 's for many years , with occassional exposure to macs throughout college .
i work as a software engineer developing java applications on a unix platform .
several of my coworkers develop exclusively on their 17-inch powerbooks and have been raving about the user-centered design .
they eventually got through to me and i purchased the 12-inch powerbook model.to begin with , it 's extremely solid and compact .
the aluminum case seems resilient to scratches and can probably take a bit of abuse ( i 've only had mine for a week , i 'll give it time ) .
the display is clear and crisp , a pleasure to look at .
i use a 19-inch lcd for my desktop , and switching to my 12-inch powerbook display causes me no grief.i purchased my model from a local retailer and added 512mb of ram , which i strongly recommend since 256mb is ridiculously low for modern os ' and applications .
the system is very responsive and handles the load i put on it ( web browser , itunes , etc . )
well .
macos is a pleasure to work with.the size of the notebook is great .
i can tote it around the house ( airport extreme gets incredible reception ) without feeling like i 'm lugging a 10 pound dumbbell - the powerbook weighs under 5 pounds .
and with energy savings enabled i get over 4 hours battery usage.
-- update after 6 monthsi 'm still loving my powerbook , but have developed one issue that 's become a big concern .
the display hinges are over-tightened and may be suceptible to mechanical failure .
i 've ordered a `` glide kit '' from radtech to condition to the hinges to prevent breakage .
it 's something you may want to consider doing , too , should you purchase this outstanding machine .

1
i purchased this 12 '' powerbook 5 months ago .
it was n't the most recent model at the time , but it suited my needs .
it still draws alot of attention whenever i use it in public .
it is light weight and durable .
to this day , no crashes .
airport extreme works flawlessy where other wireless cards fail .
battery length is reasonable at a realistic 4 hours ( a dvd movie is power intensive ) .
no dead pixels -screen is still in great condition .
i easily self installed additional ram , beefing it up to 768mb from the factory 256mb according to numerous reviews stating the factory installed memory was insufficient .
the operating temperature of the laptop does n't get excessively hot like other laptops .
i spend more time on my powerbook now than i do reading books or watching tv.downside : aluminum casing scratches easily .
poor audio capabilities ( but then , invest in headphones ! )
.
usb ports on the left is incovenient for right-hand corded mouse users .
it is also necssary to upgrade this from panther to tiger ( $ 10 from apple ) .
factory installed 256mb needs to be beefed up at least 512mb i you ant to avoid seeing the spinning ball of death.accessories to invest in : iskin keyboard protector , a screen protector , and a good laptop sleeve ( booq is very reliable and sturdy ) .
do n't waste your time purchasing a full size computer backpack or bag for this - it 's overkill.i 'm taking a gamble purchasing this without applecare .
thanks to the forums and review sites like this , so far , so good .
i highly recommend this product to any business person or student jumping into the mac world for the first time .

1
i was really in the market for a small lightwieght pc notebook .
but as the only ones i could find below 2000 $ did not match my basic needs ( good grafics , linux compatible ) and i could not afford the top of the line 3500 $ notebooks .
i decided to settle for a 12 '' powerbook.since i was visiting the us at the time of purchase i thought i would buy it from the apple store and meet with my future companion first hand .
at first i was rather mesmorised by how sexy it was ... but i thought that was just puppylove and that it would wear off after a while .
so i scrutinsed the screen , the ports , the graphics and the drives .
as the only other candidate that still would stand a chance agianst the 12 '' pb specs was a slightly more expensive and physically larger dell that i had never seen apart from a wonkey picture on thier website .
i took the plunge.i invested my meager student allowance into the beast.at first i thought i would replace the os with linux and that i would have alot of problems with a win2000 only gis software that i have to use for school .
but , now , 6 months down the line this amazing machine is still as sexy as ever .
it runs my wonkey gis software ( requires almost 3 reboots during installation ) through virtual pc much faster than my old pii400 .
and i have yet to get around to putting linux on it as osx just keeps blowing my mind .
everytime i want to do something , someone has already thought of that and implemented it as default in the os.the only problem i have had is , after a month the computer failed to recognise the builtin bluetooth , even after re-installing osx the problem persisted and none of the packaged diagnostic software could detect any probs .
after a week without bluetooth i decided to go down to the local apple store and have them sort it out .
but just as i picked up the pb of my desk my mobile connected to it .
and as strange as it seems i have had no problems with bluetooth since , despite rigorouse testing.overall this laptop gives the impression of being extremly well built .
and i have yet to encounter any other laptop of this build quality ( having worked for advertising firms where a 7000 $ was the standard for running powerpoint presentations , with the justification that -we have to show our power through our superior laptops ) , this is in fact quiete a acheivment for any laptop , especially a sub 2000 $ one .
the bluetooth failure had me worried for a while but the overall build of the laptop keeps screaming well built and as such i dont think about that problem anymore .
i just keep throwing it into my bag , taking it with me to classes and seminars , guiding it throught the worst student town weather/storms without complaints.and to all you peze lovers out there , my beast comes to life in under 2s .
i just open the lid and it wakes up offering to perform the most complex mathamatical functions .
i havent had a virus since i got it .
and the battery last for 5 hours without any hickups .
i dont think you can beat this with any pc .
if you dont think any of this is really important , as i did before i went mac .
i mean its not really that important ... but to tell you the truth , it is ... just try it , and you will find you probably can not live without it.to summerise my 12 '' pb has suprised my in ways i did not expect it to , and has by far surpassed my expectations so far .
and although i , out of principle , never award anything the top mark , i am happy to award something that keeps surprising me a 5/5 .

1
to keep it simple , my last notebook was an hp .
i had that one for five years and compared to what computers have today , that one had nothing .
to this day its runing pretty good .
but now i decided to go with a mac .
i am beyond extactic .
i love it .
no computer is perfect , nor is this one , because my one and only complaint is that the speakers do n't go as high as i would like .
but whatever , because everything else is simple and elegant and smooth and i could go on and on .
oh and get this .
my last notebook or actually it was a laptop weighed 10 lbs.
, this one weights less than half that at 4.6 lbs .
my shoulders are screaming joy .

1
i 've had this machine for almost 3 months now , and it has given me as close to zero problems as computers are capable of .
it is very small and portable .
the display quality is excellent .
the power management works great ( excellent battery life and fantastic standby/resume reliability ) .
the wireless performance is very good , and the machine is fast enough to be used as a primary machine .
you 'll definitly want to upgrade the ram ( i recommend at least the 512mb upgrade ) .

1
i had been using pcs for my entire life .
when i started college last year , i bought a dell laptop that was pretty horrible .
my roommate had a dell laptop that worked great , but i guess it was just an omen for me to switch over .
i had always wanted an apple only because they looked so cute , but then i realized how versatile and amazing this machine is .
i have an older model of the ibook , but it still works better than any pc i ever had .
i have saved myself hours and hours of stress , because the network in my apartment complex for the internet is always getting viruses .
luckily for me , all these viruses were formatted for windows .
that alone is worth every penny i spent on my ibook .
apple makes incredible , high quality products .
until you try it out yourself , you wo n't believe the difference .
the only problem i have encountered with this new computer is that some web sites are not compatible with the mac os , but pish-posh .
there are easy ways around that .
trust me , i was a skeptical pc-user once , and now , i have never been so proud of a purchase , aside from my volkswagen jetta , but that 's another story of excellence .

1
i got mine 3 years ago , and its still as good as when i bought it .
its so small and light !
big screen , though .
it runs really nicely , too .
lots of options .
luv it !

1
the new 12 inch ibook has a 1.2 ghz processor and an airport extreme card built in thats it.only the 14 inch model carries a 1.33 ghz processor .
the new ibook would cost you 999 $ ( from apple ) , with the mail in rebates and a9 discount this would cost you about 825 $ .importantly , amazon does not tax most states , apple collects taxes in almost all states i guess .
so it would be 999 $ plus 60 to 80 dollars.an airport extreme card would cost you 70 bucks making the total of this system to 895 $ .
in essence you would be paying 150 dollars for a processor upgrade from 1 ghz to 1.2 ghz.if you dont need that increase this is definitely a better deal

1
i bought this laptop in june and so far , no problems at all .
i love garageband !
!
this laptop is ideal for a student .
only things i do n't like are the small hard drive and the scratches that appear on it daily .
otherwise , it is great , thanks apple !
!
!
!

1
this unit is fantastic .
it is light , quick and very pretty .
apple computers do not tend to get viruses .
they do n't crash or freeze .
it is a superior product .

1
this ibook offered me an affordable chance to switch to the mac world after having used pc 's for some 10 yrs .
the ibook is extremely versatile , rugged , has a long battery life ( up to 5 to 6 hrs .
with low contrast screen ) and with an airport card can surf wirelessly in no time .
screen resolution is excellent and the processor speed can take quite heavy loads ( such as ms excel , ms word , ms powerpoint , all opened and printing , while itunes plays internet radio and also checking email ) , something that i could never do with a pc before .
multimedia works flawlessly , videos , music , video chat and photo editing all can be done painlessly .
reccomendation ; add more ram , an airport card and an isight camera .
only problem experienced ; loose video cable ( repaired free by apple ) .now i am just waiting for the g5 ibook !

1
thanks ed for helping us get a great laptop at a great price !
aloha-kelly

1
the company you purchased the ibook from does n't seem to exist except as a domain-name registration company .
the rest of your review does n't make much sense either.this review is supposed to be of an ibook , model m9426ll/a .
the other items you purchased from a 'domain-name ' registration company and the subsequent service your received from them are irrelevant , immaterial and inappropriate.next time buy from a reputable dealer .

1
first , osx is rock-stable , friendly and ease-to-use .
second , ibook is so quiet , i never hear the fan .
third , the sleep function .
i love it so much , windows is thousands of miles behind .
i do not need to shut it down and it wakes up in a second , and with a single charge , the battary lasts several days !
for the reviewer who calls us liars , you do not know what is mac , and you do not know how to respect people .

1
i 've used pc 's my whole life , starting with the commodore 64 and on .
i currently have a dell at home and at work .
as much as i love dell 's service , i always encounter frustrating pc problems .
you always need to update drivers , peripherals do n't play well with one another .
finally after finding the courage , i purchased this ibook two weeks ago and it 's the best decision i ever made .
mp3 player , camera , wireless , apple begs for the challenge and comes out with flying colors every time.it 's difficult to put into words what it 's like to own a computer that integrates itself within your lifestyle and not the other way around .
pc users that are reading this , go to an apple store if you can , you really have no idea what i mean until you try it out for yourself .
apple handles every task i throw at it , unlike temperamental pc 's .
if you 're worried about few software choices , i took the ibook to work in the middle of a windows haven and it handled everything i threw at it , including some my work dell could n't handle .
i did have to add office mac , but the apple offers far superior graphics and publishing abilities .
i 'm able to create richer documents and have yet to encounter a single problem with sharing among operating systems ( mac 's preference for .pdf is fantastic ! )
work documents , spreadsheets , music , dvd watching on long flights ( i 'm getting just under 5 hours of battery life ) , photos of my family .
none of it is a problem for this little guy and it looks great !
the only draw back is if you are a gamer , this is not for you , either stick to a pc or buy a console.if you travel a lot like me , the ibook is as light as they come and finds all wireless access points on its own .
it 's great and is now cheaper than comparable pc laptops in weight with far superior performance .
i picked the ibook because i was n't sure about mac , i did n't want to spend too much .
but now i 'm already thinking about a power book and i 'll never buy a pc again .
p.s .
invest in the ram upgrade , minimum 512 , it 's worth every penny .

1
ever since my company finally sprang for a new ibook about five months ago , i 've been happy as a clam .
this 12 & quot ; model hums , with delightful ergonomics and apple 's fabulous ilife & amp ; os x software suite .
this thing is so light at 4.9 pounds that i 've essentially stopped using my 7.5 pound , 14 & quot ; toshiba clunker , even though the toshiba is supposedly faster and with a bigger screen .
the screen on the ibook is plenty big for 95 % of tasks -- from reading web pages to writing reports on the go .
it 's also exceptionally bright and sharp .
os x 's rendezvous technology , which quickly and easily and automatically connects to networks , printers and wifi ( with the airport card ) is a dream.i particularly love safari , apple 's user-friendly web browser that does n't get gunked up with endless popup ads , viruses and other junk .
it 's so much snappier and less buggy than the toshiba that sometimes i have to pinch myself.the battery lasts 4 hours -- more than double my toshiba .
and it looks 10 times cooler , to boot .
it 's the ultimate coffee shop accessory ( especially one with free wifi ) .and it is especially convenient for me as a reporter on the go .
having 2.6 fewer pounds to lug around every day is great , and it actually feels better on my lap .
( i 'm currently typing this while lying in bed using my wireless network , which the ibook sensed and connected to automatically ) .
how cool is that ?
you can find laptops for less , certainly .
i bought my toshiba at a day after thanksgiving deal at bestbuy a couple years back for five hundred smackers .
but you wo n't find one that is this light , with this great battery life and this ease of use anywhere else .
and when you are basically talking about an extension of your brain , eleven hundred smackers is pretty darn cheap.enjoy !

1
prettier than my wife ( do n't tell her ! )
, i will not leave home without my ibook .
sleek design and amazingly fast .
i did some minor tweaking on my ( memory , drive space , etc ) , now it is truly a work of technological art !

1
this is my first mac , and i have to say i am very happy with it .
the keyboard is absolutely fantastic ( and has backlighting ) , and the machine runs very quietly .
the display is fantasic in terms of resolution , and playing games on it is a blast .
i have been running world of warcraft and warcraft 3 on it , and they both run great on this laptop .
apple made the setup really easy , and the os is intuitive to use , so i had no problems figuring out how everything worked , and was online with my wireless cable modem in minutes .
if you want a light , powerful , and fully loaded laptop , then this is the one to buy .
the only tradeoff is that to run excel/word/powerpoint you have to buy the software seperately for $ 150 .
i have looked at and owned several laptops , and this is the best one i have had so far .
apple is perhaps more expensive then it 's competitiors , but they more then make up for it with quality and style .

1
i purchased a powerbook 15 '' 1.5ghz 128vram computer around christmas .
i 've built several ibm/pc-based desktop systems , from my first 486dx266 to my most recent 3.04ghz dell rebuild ( looks like a dell , but does n't quack like one ) .
i know what `` right '' looks like , and apple has finally gotten it right.the design of the ibook and powerbook is top-notch .
a very tight chassis , maximized screen , and overall clean finish with each model .
the software took this microsoft-handicapped user about an hour to figure out , but if you work with it enough , you 'll find you can learn something new every day .
reliability is also the best i 've ever seen .
there are no `` blue screens of death '' on mac 's .
my wife 's old g3 displayed a `` sad mac '' once , but that was on a mac from another era .
i have n't heard of anyone having `` show-stopper '' problems with the g4's.i had a few peripherals that i did n't want to part with , like my dell axim .
not to worry .
pocketmac ( a 3rd-party answer to pocketpc and activesync ) allows me to sync data between powerbook and pda effortlessly .
the keyboard , mouse , and even monitor can all be used with the powerbook when i 'm at my desk.who needs computer speakers when you can play itunes through your home stereo ( with an airport express in the mix ) .
when it comes to games , quality headphones do the trick.the 80gb hd is a lot smaller than what i have in my dell , but i 've invested in a lacie d2 external drive which puts me at ease when storage is a concern.with office for mac , i can open , edit , and save any officexp file i can find .
no compatibility issues whatsoever.warning : if you intend to play pc games on a mac by using virtualpc ... do n't !
that 's not what virtualpc was designed for , and the results will show that .
if you want to play games on a mac , visit the aspyr website and buy the mac versions.the price was higher than what some would expect to pay for a comparable pc laptop .
extras are expensive , and are probably where apple really makes their money .
custom configurations are non-refundable/non-returnable , as clearly stated on the apple website .
if you customize ( which you have to , if you want the 128mb video card ) , plan on handing over another $ 300+ for the applecare protection plan .
that 'll give you 3 years service and support - the alternative to being stuck with a lemon six months after purchase - if you 're unfortunate enough.me ?
i guess i got lucky according to one reviewer .
everything worked out of the box , and continues to work as advertised .
from what i can tell , that 's not lucky - that 's the norm.as i use the powerbook more frequently , i find myself going to my dell less and less .

1
i have simply one word for this machine .
wowand yet , i have had this machine ( with the upgraded ram and faster hard drive and such ) and i still contintue to say wow.this is my first notebook computer , and being a high school student , i needed something fast , reliable , strong , and light .
this machine suits the bill , and more .
this machine is simply amazing .
the super fast g4 1.5 ghz processor takes my photoshop dreams and puts them into reality .
our 2.5 ghz dell computers at school do n't even stand a chance.the os is solid , and with little features like expos & eacute ; , it just makes life a lot easier when taking notes and research at the same time .
i can have photoshop , itunes , safari , entourage , ical , and watch a dvd , and not even think twice about my machine crashing.the case is simply beautiful .
everywhere i go , people just stop and stare at the case and the lit apple logo and look in awe .
the light reflected off of it is really something else .
and it 's so easy to clean !
other things , like the two ambient light sensors , are things that i would not have even asked for , but they put them in to make our life easier .
my powerbook really turns heads when the teacher turns off the lights for notes and my screen automatically dims down and my keyboard lights up .
even the teacher was dumbfounded at the first she saw it.a dvd-r , cd-rw , 15in widescreen display , which is very easy to clean unlike other windows counterparts , two firewire ports , two usb 2.0 ports , super thin and light design ( mine is 5 lbs and 1in thin , while other pc notebooks weight as much as 8-10 lbs and 1-2.5 in thick ) .there is nothing that i can think of doing on this computer that other windows machine ca n't do .
well , minus most of the games.despite the price , this is probably the best notebook i can think of for just about anything .
if you need a laptop that can keep up with your day to day life , i strongly suggest getting one of these machines .

1
sleek design , ease of use ( mac os x is rock solid , stable and immune to all windows viruses and spyware ) and great for commuting due it 's relatively light weight compared to wintel laptops ( although i have some friends who prefer the 12 '' powerbook for the commute ) .
the it guys at work wanted me to use some behemoth ibm thinkpad , which i stopped using after a week due to poor battery life , weight and constant crashes .
i 've had no problems using this mac in a windows office .
a great desktop replacement .

1
about 5 months ago my own dell laptop up and died ( thank goodness for that ) so i finally had an excuse to buy a new computer .
i had been seriously looking at the mac for about a year , and now i had an excuse to get one .
i bought the 15 '' powerbook g4 , and honestly , i do n't think i 'll ever be going back.perhaps the best place to start would be in terms of security .
macs are inherently more secure than windows machines .
you could say this is because no one uses the mac , so all the hackers and script kiddies do n't bother with them , or just because the mac is better .
it does n't matter , because either way the statement is still true .
since i got a mac , i completely forgot about viruses , worms , trojans , et al .
i can check my email in peace , without worrying about the consequences .
i do n't have to put out extra money to pay for anti-virus software ( even though i did at first , just to be safe .
i 've since found it to be unnecessary . )
i do n't need to worry about emailing a killer virus to my entire address book and then having my credit card info mailed off to the russian mob .
or whatever .
it 's just safer over here.ease of use is the next big area .
once you get to know the mac ( took me about one afternoon before i could comfortably move around it ) you find that everything is so much easier .
the statement `` everything just works '' is so true , although for a non-user , it is sort of hard to explain .
i guess a good example of this would be my printer .
for my dell laptop , if i ever had to reinstall the drivers for the printer , i 'd have to go to hp 's website , download a 50mb file , then go through the whole installation process ( which seemed to screw up half the time anyway ) before i could print anything .
with the mac , i just had to plug the printer in , and os x immediately recognized it and set it up for me .
to add to the impressiveness of this , all the necessary utilities and controls were there , just as if i had gone to hp 's website and downloaded that stupid 50mb file.if you 're planning on getting the powerbook specifically , i 'll give you some of the advantages of the mobile mac over one of the various windows bricks you could get .
at only an inch thick and 5.7 pounds , it is incredibly light compared to a windows laptop of similar screen size and processing power .
i 'm a high school student right now , so carrying around a laptop in addition to the regular books and such can get make things pretty cumbersome .
with the dell laptop , it was like throwing a brick into my backpack .
with the powerbook , it 's definitely still there , but it also definitely weighs a lot less .
the battery life on the mac is also quite good , with 3 hours being about the average , and 4 hours if you really know how to conserve battery ( dim the screen , shut off airport and bluetooth , mute the sound . )
you should almost always have enough battery to watch a full length dvd .
i do n't know if this concerns you , but wireless range with macs also seems to be considerably better .
i have a wireless network at my home and at school , and the powerbook gets a much better reception all around than the dell inspiron ever did.lastly , there 's the coolness factor .
i 've never met anyone who did n't stop to stare at a powerbook , just to absorb the whole sight in .
it 's a design marvel of sorts , there really is n't much to complain about .
aluminum is a very nice touch as well .
the backlit keyboard rocks if you do anything in the dark .

1
i just bought the powerbook 15 '' ( 1.5ghz , 80gb harddrive ) .
i switched from windows ( an hp machine running windows xp ) .
i 've had the powerbook for about two weeks now and all i can say is wow !
i 'm a photographer with about 40gb worth of digital photos .
i use photoshop cs extensively .
the wide format screen is awesome for photo editing .
the included iphoto software is great .
way better than anything i 've used on windows ( and i 've used just about everything ) .
the os is rock solid .
no freezes or crashes yet ( unlike the blue screen of death in windows i got on a daily basis ) .
i would highly recommend a powerbook with mac os x to anybody into digital photography .
also , when i 'm at starbucks or borders with my powerbook , there 's definitely a wow effect .
i always notice people checking it out .

1
i bought this computer for the os and have had no problems .
and i mean no problems .
no crashes , no compatability issues .
i may have had to work a little more when dealing with pcs , but usually once i 've gotten everything straightened out it is smooth sailing and i leave my pc freinds scratching their heads at the stuff my mac can do that they simply ca n't .
i have upgraded the ram to 2gb and installed virtual pc , which i hardly use and ms office as well as ilife '05 and toast 6 titanium .
this is a great computer and i would reccomended it to anyone .

1
it 's worked great for over 3 years without any problems .
my only negative comment is that the speaker volume is n't as loud as my old powerbook pismo .
overall , highly recommended to any mac lover .

1
everybody has their own opinion about computers in general , whether you 're a pc buff or a mac buff , you have to agree that mac 's look much nicer than pcs.now in terms of the machine itself , it is great .
the 15 '' screen is large enough so you can enjoy a movie , the aluminum ( or titanium ) is quite sturdy , though i have to say the portion of the computer where you rest your palm while you type takes a beating after a few months .
but if you were smart when you bought your computer and you have the warranty , they will fix that right up for you.now , since i am an audio engineer i use pro tools with this computer .
i just installed 1gig of ram , and never have lag issues with the mbox .
so i think for all musicians this works great.also , i do a lot of graphic design on the computer , so if thats what you do , this is the best machine for you .
i have used pcs alongside my mac all my life , but when i 'm doing `` work '' , its always on the mac .
i only play games on the pc ... so if you 're into cool looking electronics , you got ta have one of these !

1
overall i am well pleased with purchase .
however , i hope that one misrepresentation was a mistake and not an attempt to mislead .
80 gb hard disk was stated , but computer received only had 60 gb .
for my purposes it does n't matter , but it might have for someone who had larger memory needs.otherwise , the computer was in perfect working order with even a battery that is still in good shape .
it has a slight dent on the cover which can only be seen at a certain angle and some signs of wear on the corners , but for a 6 year old computer it is in good condition and i am well pleased .
also the price was below that of others selling the same item and the addition of microsoft office 2008 was a nice bonus ; i have only mo 2004 .robert weathers

1
after begging and pleading for about a month , i ended up writing a proposal to my father for a 15-inch powerbook .
when he was finally convinced a week-long wait for this baby seemed like forever .
but when it arrived , oh wow .
it was everything i expected and more !
i got the airport extreme basestation which is a must-have for any one who wants to get the most out of having a light-weight wireless machine .
there is something so incredible about sitting on my bed with the wireless mouse , internet and printing and no cords !
having a usb printer plugged into the base station is great .
the aluminum exclosure is just as stunning as the screen .
just like another user said , it 's the bmw of laptops .
it 's a fabulous machine and everything works seamlessly .
i noticed i definite improvment in the ilife apps .
naming iphotos has never been faster and video rendering is super speedy .
loves it !
loves it !
loves it !

1
this is as perfect a machine as i could want .
i can do everything that i want my computer to do .
the internet connection is flawless and fast , the itunes is my dream come true , i can talk to my friends using ichat , i can download my photos and even make them into books , burn cds , make dvds , use the quite usefull dashboard , make songs on garageband , watch my cubs games on the internet , plan dates using ical , write down anything useful using stickies , and many more things i ca n't think of right now.my only complaint would be that the computer does not come with a word processor which is quite annoying , but i went out and bought the microsoft office for macs and that 's working well too.the design is beautiful .
i believe macs make great computers .
it is easy to use .
there are never any viruses .
and i rarely have to call the mac support people , but i assure you that they have always been very helpful .
i reccomend it for anyone looking for a new laptop .

1
i bought a powerbook 12 & quot ; 867mhz about nine months ago , had a brief fling with a dell that my work issued me , and went back to the mac .
then , in a fit of insanity , i clicked & quot ; buy & quot ; and now i am a very happy owner of the 17 & quot ; 1.5ghz.positives : - the screen is just massive , and you do n't need to be a graphic artist or movie producer to use it ; it works great for excel , side-by-side document editing , or just keeping ichat and sticky notes in view while surfing the web- it 's pretty fast ; i 'm finally happy with the performance of virtual pc 6.0 running windows 2000 and outlook xp ; as a matter of fact i 've duplicated my windows work laptop in vpc and no longer have to carry two machines around- movies are incredible on the big screen , and the speakers have great stereo separation ( to the point that sometimes working late at night , i think i hear someone in the room , and it turns out to be part of the song ) - it 's quite thin , even compared to the 12 & quot ; , which is good on my wrists when typingnegatives : - trying to get around the massive screen with the touchpad is a chore ; get an external mouse asap- sitting in bed working on e-mail can be a bit difficult , because if you end up slanting the powerbook upwards , the cover wants to close- even though this is one of the smallest 17 & quot ; laptops out there , you just ca n't get away from the fact that it 's a big monster of a machine when you spread out on a desk , airplane tray table , or other area

1
i have never enjoyed a computer more .
my experience has been nothing but positive .
i am a graphic designer and i do a lot of photo editing , large layouts , video editing and the like ( i 've even discovered garageband which is a lot of fun ) and the powerbook has always been very fast and very reliable .
i upgraded to 1gb of ram and got the 128mb video card option which probably helped too .
but the 1.5 g4 has been plenty of processor , the screen is big and beautiful , airport extreme is great .
configurations are a snap .
i have almost completely replaced my desktop with it .
my only concern ( its not too much of a concern though ) is that it starts to become too big for ultra portablity .
if thats what you 're looking for maybe go with the 15 '' .
i go the apple care warranty for peace of mind but have not had to use .
great computer .

1
you have to get this great 17 '' mac !
having just upgraded to this laptop , i can not believe how awesome it is .
whether on the road or lugging it to and from the office , connecting via wireless or lan/wan it is so easy and convenient.buy it , you wo n't regret it .

1
i own a t21 for about 2 years , and i just love it

1
greetings - i ordered this laptop from amazon in may - and it was forwarded to me all the way to fob dagger , iraq ( amazon will not send lots of technology products overseas so i had to have it forwarded ) .
first of all , my full-time job is computer support so i have quite a bit of laptop/notebook experience .
this m505x is a super , super machine .
build quality is great - no 'flexy ' case , cheap plastic ( think & quot ; d*ll & quot ; ) or crooked lines here and there - its top-notch in this respect .
it is made in the phillipines vice mainland china by the way .
the display is bright , responsive and not grainy ( and the case lid appears to be aluminum ) .
no dead pixels on mine by the way , quite a feat considering how far it traveled !
!
one of the greatest features of this laptop is the ati radeon 9600 ( 64mb ddr ) graphics .
it absolutely rocks with the games i 've played .
raven shield looks great - and the far cry demo is awsome .
oh , also by the way , in view of all of this praise , you might think this is either a vaporware review - or that i 'm somehow connected to gateway .
i really ordered and possess the system and i 'm not in any way connected with gateway .
one little downside is that it came with a 4200-rpm hdd - but i had pre-ordered a spare hitachi 40-gb 5400-rpm drive ( not from gateway or amazon ) .
here 's another m505x advantage - gateway did n't take the cheap way out with a garbage-software-infested restore cd - the & quot ; restore & quot ; cd appears to be a relabeled xp home cd !
no problems with the restore to the new hdd - and the software/apps cd gives you the option to pick and choose what to install .
all of the buttons/sd card slot/graphics worked perfectly after the restore .
i can not say enough good things about the m505x - i am thrilled with mine !
!
one last comment - i am sending this review from an army morale computer in an internet cafe .
i had never cared much for gateways until i arrived here at fob dagger .
the 20 gateways in this cafe take an enormous beating from gi 's , heat , dust , viruses - you name it .
most of them have a few bad pixels now - but they are running very well considering the use and abuse they get .
the only thing they all need is 256mb of ram instead of the measly 128mb that they each have .
ok - last but not least - there has to be some negatives : gateway uses cheap cardboard for shock protection in their boxes - although my system was not damaged .
and , to be honest , some users have reported dark areas in their displays ( not mine , though ) - as reported on notebookforums.com .

1
buyers watch out for private sellersthere are a lot of private sellers trying to rip you off .prices look cheap when you send the money you wont get the product or your money back.look for the specific items that scammers try to do:1 .
look at the seller 's id they look like some what irrelevant .
example ( amazon_cheap ) ( sony_amazon ) 2 .
look at the sellers rating it says just launched because the sellers like to create many e mails as they can.3 .
in the sellers comments they will say like `` please contact me before buying .
otherwise i wo n't send you the item '' .4 .
when you send the e mail to them they will say `` we are a small company in romania or uk or spain trying to evolve to sell outside the country '' .
they will say send money through western union .
when i get the money you will get the notebooks with in 2 business days.5 .
they will send detailed sellers address where to send the money western union ( spain ) .
i said `` i know the address in spain can i come and pay to that address '' he said `` i will do only through online '' this is cheater.when you send money through western union you wo n't get your money back.escrow and amazon secure payment are the trusted payment.i got an e mail from a seller he said `` i will get transaction only through amazon secure payment .
i thought he was good seller .
next e mail he wrote `` tell me your complete address i will forward the address to amazon '' i gave him my address .with in 1 day i got a e mail from `` amazon secure payment '' from address looked like it was from amazon , but when i clicked on reply the to address said `` ( something @ yahoo.com ) it was not a e mail from amazon in that message it said amazon wants you to make payment through western union .
i wrote the email to amazon they said we will not allow any one to pay through amazon these are fake e mails trying to rip peoples money .

1
this is my 3rd sony notebook computer in the last 5 years and is simply the best .
the screen is spectacular and the price at amazon makes it really a bargain ( $ 1699 ) .
the speakers and sound is excellent and the features are jam packed in this workhorse .
only thing is no built-in bluetooth but that is easily overcome by buying an inexpensive usb bluettoth adaptor .
great for chart reading and simulations too .
a bit big and heavy but what to expect when we want everything right ?
so thats not a negative but just a case of normality .
would recommend anytime .
very happy with it .

1
fortunately , the computer worked and worked well from the start for me .
the performance is phenomenal , the craftsmanship and style are only slightly short of amazing .
( sturdy and stylish , but heavy and heats up quickly . )
i hope i never have to deal with customer service but the product performs .
the worse thing is that if you have it set to use full power all of the time you get maybe an hour and a half of battery time .
still like my powerbook better though .

1
the product is exactly what i bought and preforms adequately .
the product was shipped right away and received in a reasonably short time .

1
i am motivated to respond with some more thoughts on this laptop .
i have owned mine for well over a year .
i did n't intend it this way , but it seems i bought it when they were first released .
my laptop has been absolutely reliable .
as president of my corporation , i use it a minimum 10 hours a day .
and have been for the whole time i 've owned it .
not once has it required any repair.about hard drives : it seems that sony received a batch of bad hard drives from a vendor , as i 've seen many s family notebooks in for repair.i 've used this computer to make `` home dvds '' of impressive visual clarity ( in combination with a sony camcorder ) as well as .wmv movies for web presentations.pros : - did a great job replacing a desktop computer- excellent screen ... great ( but not phoenominal ) resolution- very sturdy construction- fast computer- does great multi media- with an invertor , makes road trips shorter via dvd playback- mmmm , dvds in bed , too !
cons : - data reads slowly from dvd ( but that 's all dvds ... ) - kinda heavy to be lugged around all the time unless you need a desktop replacement .
this is well suited for mostly permanent use in one spot and occasional lugging around ( for travel , etc ) .
i have been carrying it from work to home for a year now and am about to get a lighter replacement.- the pretty silver finish where you rest your palms wears off.- same for the lettering on the keys .
**- the last notebook i had for 3 years had the same issues and a 3 year warranty replaced the keyboard .
so these kinds of not-picks can be fixed `` for free '' .overall , if this laptop has the features compatible with your needs , i highly recommend it and would buy another .
and when i do buy a lighter one , this one will get to be our new point of sale computer ... : )

1
i would highly recommend this laptop .
it has many great features on it , from the wireless connection , speed , memory to the dvd burner .
sony has kept the quality in this product like all sony products .

1
nothing screwy so far .
the x-brite screen really stands out and makes everything so much sharper.i use it 12+ hours a day , with alot of burning dvd 's and editing.i opted for the k-25 over the k-27 because it is essentialy the same but 2-3 hundred more for the cpu.my only complaint is the ports are not covered , my old grx series had `` flaps '' that covered the usb/firewire/etc ... to keep out dust and debris ... .

1
in my review , i initially complained about the error in making recovery discs .
i mentioned that i found out the problem had already been mentioned online .
after calling sony customer service , they decided to mail me the recovery dvd free of charge even though it would normally cost money if bought online .
the expedient and hassle free response to my problem proves how sony excellent sony support has been.no other complaints !
except one thing , if this laptop is too heavy for you , go to the gym and work out .

1
take your basic pcg-k23 sony vaio laptop computer and turn it over on its back .
remove the two oem sticks of ram and replace them with two 512mb pc2700 333mhz chips , and then replace the oem 4200rpm hdd with a hitachi travelstar 7k100 80gb 7200rpm hdd and - vola ' !
- instant hotrod computer for a decent price ( and with a superb screen to boot ) !

1
here are the reasons to buy this laptop:1 .
it 's gorgeous !
- best looking laptop i 've ever seen.2 .
price - amazon 's price ( ... ) is the best price you 'll find on any brand of laptop with this quality build in a thin/light laptop.3 .
solid - very solid construction .
no creaks or rattles .
very well made.4 .
worry free - no viruses , no spyware , no freezes.5 .
easy - very intuitive and simple but powerful to use.i love it !
!
!

1
i just got my ibook less than a week ago , and let me tell you , i wonder how i did without it !
it is one great notebook .
i 'm a recent convert from p.c .
to mac and i 'm still learning this operating system .
i ordered my book from the apple store with 768mb ram and 80 gb on the hard drive .
i 've paired it with the airport extreme base and the wireless mouse .
what a cool feeling to be able to surf the net from the comfort of my bed and anywhere in my home !
the display on this baby is gorgeous , and watching dvds is a blast ... i originally wanted to get the 14 '' because i was used to that size screen , then thought it might be a drag to carry around , but now i do not regret my decision to get the 12 '' , because it works very well for my purposes .
at under 5lbs ( 4.9 to be exact ) it is very easy to handle on the go and it takes up considerably less space than the 14 '' .
i really enjoy being able to access the net from my favorite cafe and when i 'm in school .
the os is very nice and it 's a relief to be free of pop-up ads and the blue screen of death .
apple provides great customer service too .
since i 'm still learning a lot from this new animal , there 's not much more to say now .
finally , this is one gorgeous little machine !
i 'm extremely pleased with it and i ca n't imagine anyone having regrets who buys this book .
now , if only i can get my hubby away from it ...

1
into my encrypted wireless network on first try.used it as a dvd player on long trip - stick in a dvd and it plays on its own just like it should.booted pressing `` t '' to startup as a firewire disk and transferred everything from my old g3 in very little time ( and that was running the old os ) .yes there are cheaper non-macs but if your time has value then this thing catches up pretty fast .

1
i got this little ibook , and i did have very high hopes ... i did buy a referb , so i was worry 'd about the shape it was comming in.i got it sent to my work , and so many people were like wow !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
the ibook only had a few little scratches and after using it the mac os , is different from windows but not as much for me because im used to linux.my used battery is lasting about 4 hours , with my useing the im -chat program andsurfing the web , so i am 100 % happy with my price and the ibook.-robert , brand

1
i have used macs since 1990 ( classic , lc , original imac , cube , powerbook 140 ) .
this model replaces a g3 pismo ( 400mhz ) powerbook that i bought when the 1st titanium powerbooks were announced .
the pismo was getting a bit too slow for my needs ( especially ripping cd 's & multitasking ) .
computers are always being upgraded & become obsolete very soon & i try to hold out as long as possible before upgrading & usually buy the most recent previous model when a new model is released ( because of the price reduction ) .
this time , i decided to `` take a step down '' ( from a powerbook to an ibook w/ smaller screen ) but buy the newest version of a model that 's been on the market ( i like to avoid buying the first iteration of a brand new model ) .
my decision was based on the fact that i often thought about dragging around my laptop with me ( i like to bike instead of driving ) , however the thought of lugging it around ( because of its weight & size ) usually ended up making me leave it at home .
so when this model was upgraded to 1.2 ghz ( & wireless built in ) and [ .. ] offered a $ 150 rebate , i jumped.my initial observations after having it a week ?
it seems to me like this was my smartest computer purchase to date & i think it 's probably the best computer value for the money of any type ( pc/mac , laptop/desktop ) ever offered to date .
i paid over $ 3000 for the powerbook 145 in the early 90s , over $ 2000 for the pismo in 2000 & now $ 850 for this laptop which is lighter & has many more features & better software than those previous models.i really do like the more compact size of the 12 '' model than my 15 '' pb .
portability/lightness & longer battery run time are more important to me than watching dvd 's or editing documents side-by-side ( that 's why i have my 23 '' cinema display at home ) and i do n't need to use final cut pro .
when i take a laptop with me , it 's usually for basic word documents , email , internet surfing , ripping cds & downloading pictures from a digital camera .
the improvements in processor & bus speed in this model over my pismo are very noticeable .
while there is less screen real estate , new features in os x make this less of a problem ( expose & the ability to instantly hide & switch between desktop applications ) .this laptop does feel pretty durable & looks great out of the box , though i can see the white surface getting scratched/marked pretty easily , particularly if you use it a lot .
it also attracts a lot of dust & dirt ( static cling ) .
i had initially stayed away because of reports of latch problems , but it looks like this version has fixed that .
the screen sort of hovers slightly over the keyboard when latched ( & 2 small rubber feet keep it from touching ) & it opens up to fall behind the main section ( so that it does n't catch .
getting all the features into such a compact form , though , does have a price .
i noticed that the airport signal sometimes drops from 4 bars to 3 , despite the fact that i have n't moved my computer ( my pismo always maintained full strength with the slower wireless card ) .while the computer is great , it is n't perfect .
some differences ( in using cheaper parts ) are noticeable from my pismo .
i installed a 512 mb ram stick , ( which was n't too difficult ) & noticed that the ibook 's keyboard is cheaper/flimsier than my pismo .
trying to remove it was a bit difficult ( only because it feels like it could break more easily & the space in which it fits is much tighter ) .
also , the speakers are much cheaper & sound like it .
the hard drive is only 4200 rpm & i was planning on replacing it with a 60 gb/7200 rpm model , however looking at what this entails ( taking the entire laptop apart ) , i 'm contemplating taking it in to have it done ( i 've done all my upgrades myself to date ) .
the touch pad also seems a bit more sensitive ( my mouse will often pop around on the screen when another finger might accidentally touch it while scrolling ) .the only other downsides so far ?
only one firewire port ( 400 ) .
this makes it difficult if you want to use an isight camera or an ipod or an external firewire drive .
you 'll have to plug & unplug devices & ca n't keep 2 connected unless you get a hub ( which you 'll have to carry around ) .
the pismo had 2 & because of it , i gravitated towards firewire devices ( over usb ) .
while apple did upgrade the usb ports ( 2 ) to usb 2.0 , the only firewire port is at the slower speed .
apple seems to be dropping the ball on firewire for some reason ... maybe they 're no longer going to support it ?
initially it was a better choice over usb ( faster & the ability to power external devices ) , so it 's too bad.also , apple has changed the installation disks that come with computers .
this model comes with 10.3.5 ( no more classic/os 9 ) and the disks will only work for this model ( previously you could upgrade all your computers to the newest os with a new computer 's installation disks ) .
but os x has been around for a while now & has improved quite nicely since its infancy .
the entire `` i '' suite ( itunes , iphoto , idvd , garage band , ical ) , a basic text editing program & appleworks ( which really has been neglected for a while now ) & quicken 2005 , along with games & utilities come bundled with the os ... and the manual ?
get online & access apple 's support site or other mac sites for help , they 're far more informative than the booklet or the os 's help system .

1
i received my new ibook just over a month ago , and in that time , i 've experienced very few problems - the ones that did pop up were extremely minor , and had more to do with the software than the computer itself .
i ordered my ibook with 512 mb if ram and 60 gb of hard drive space , and these extras are definitely worth the money since having only 30 gb could fill up very quickly .
my only complaint about the ibook so far is the fact that it gets warm with extended use , making it somewhat uncomfortable for me to place directly on my lap or to touch for very long - but that aside , i 'm enjoying my new laptop very much , and would recommend it to anyone looking for a new notebook computer .
this is my very first laptop and i could n't be any more pleased !

1
used to upgrade old documents i failed to keep current .
appleworks to pages .
used to upgrade old documents i failed to keep current .
appleworks to pages .

1
my old laptop was a compaq presario 2100 .
it was getting a bit on the aged side so i decided it was time to upgrade.mac or windows ?
stupid question .
i made the leap and got a mac , a 12 '' ibook to be exact ( upgraded to a 60gb hard drive and 512mb of ram ) .i 'm happy to report that i 've been addicted for close to three weeks.what i love:1 .
clean , elegant design .
the slot-loading drive is mucho cool .
and the ibook 's quiet .
very quiet.2 .
4-5 hour battery life , consistently .
i watch a dvd and still get 2 hours more of battery life afterwards .
cool !
my old compaqs never got more than 3 hours when new .
( my presario 2100 , was getting 1 hour 30 max on a full battery by the time i sold it. )
3 .
os x tiger .
tiger 's way ahead of winxp .
no question about it.3.1 eye candy wise , it 's stunning .
( i like the way program icons on the dock jump up and down when they 're trying to get your attention .
that 's attention to detail . )
3.2 the lack of borders .
this is probably eye candy as well .
but i love how , when you open a web page in safari or play a video file using vlc player ( if it 's not on full screen ) , except for the bar on top and/or the scroll bar , there are no other frames .
i have n't seen that trick in xp.3.3 expose .
i love the way you can call up all your open windows by pushing f9 to get a look at exactly what 's running .
i love that you can hide all your windows at a push of a button as well.3.4 dictionary .
i have n't had much use for the dictionary .
but , i have to say , the idea that i can push a combination of buttons and immediately get a definition of an unknown word on a webpage or an open document is way cool.3.5 dashboard .
ok , ok , konfabulator has been doing this for a long time ( and , truth to tell , konfabulator 's widgets are a bit cooler - but not by much ) .
here 's the big difference though .
dashboard and all the widgets you want are free with your ibook .
konfabulator is a $ 19.95 value.what i like ( warning , based on hearsay for now , that 's why it 's only `` like '' ) .1 .
no spyware , adware and very little viruses .
as a long time windows user , i 've gotten used to having adaware , spy doctor , and norton anti-virus running in the background .
os x does n't have the same problems ( or so people say ) .here 's what i do know , i 've still to see any unwelcome pop-ups when surfing with safari .
( but , i have to admit , spyware still scares me and i 'm not entirely sure os x is completely immune from spyware. )
2 .
system stability .
i have not had my ibook long enough to make a statement of fact.what i do know , however , with windows - and this covers xp , me , 98 and 95 - i 've had to wipe my hard drive and do a clean install at least once a year because windows simply stopped working .
( btw , in neither of those cases was it a hardware problem .
the culprit was always windows . )
i 've heard no such horror stories with regard to os x.what i hate.1 .
this remains true - lack of software .
yes , there are literally thousands of mac titles out there .
but , unfortunately , it will never be as numerous as those available on windows .
( i have not seen half life 2 for mac , for example . )
on the other hand , if you know what you want ( and need ) and it 's available on the mac , who cares , right ?
2 .
os x and windows xp do n't work together as well as advertised .
for reasons unclear to me , i have been unable to get my hp printer ( connected to my windows desktop - i am not completely free from the microsoft monopoly ) working wirelessly with the ibook .
( i had no such problems with my old compaq laptop . )
and i 've had problems with wpa and wep wireless security as well - this time on a linksys wifi router also hardwired to my desktop.3 .
apple is more expensive ( though this probably has more to do with the price-gouging practices of authorized apple re-sellers where i live than with apple itself .
but i do wish apple would impose a bit more price discipline on its authorized re-sellers -at least to the extent it can legally do so . )
still , all-in-all , for beautiful design , the ibook stands up very well indeed against all , except the most elegantly designed windows laptops out there .
( and even then , those elegantly designed windows laptops are probably hundreds if not thousands of dollars more expensive than the ibook . )
more importantly , os x beats the pants-off winxp any day of the week , including sunday.so what are you waiting for ?
get a mac already !

1
really enjoying this ibook .
it 's small and very light .
i just took it on a trip and was glad to have it with me .
mine came with a built in wireless card and i was able to utilize wireless hotspots on my trip .
watched a dvd on the plane and listened to some tunes with itunes .
do n't be fooled into thinking a 12 '' screen size is too small ( everyone seems to want larger these days .
the graphics are really sharp .
the battery has been lasting about 4 hours .
best of all i got mine through one of those offercentric sites .
my friend received one that way , so i signed up .
[ ... ] enjoy !

1
many said the transition from windows to mac would be too difficult but it was the exact opposite .
mac os x is easier to use than windows and the computer runs excellent .
the design is absolutely beautiful and i will never go back to a regular pc .

1
ibook 12 '' is the best value for your money notebook .
if you ever wanted to switch or try mac os x this is your chance .
at $ 1000 this little notebook does wonders .
i have been a windoze user for the past 8yrs and coming back to mac has been the best thing i 've done !
the os is so stable and user friendly its amazing .
no spyware/virus/trojans/etc ... to worry about on the mac os x ( not yet at least ) and the safari browser is wonderful as it blocks 99 % of pop-ups and is fast !
as for the specs of the 12 '' model its great for someone just coming into macs .
the 30gb ( its actually 27gb ) hdd is small .
you wo n't be storing many movie files ( imovie/idvd ) so if you plan on doing any video editing this is not the notebook for you ( look into the 14 '' model w/a super or the new powerbooks with the super ) .
you can store music files , regular apps but nothing major .
you must upgrade the ram to at least 512mb total .
things will run a lot more smooth if you do .
256mb is decent but it gets choppy at times .
for an all around computer this ibook 12 '' is perfect .
the screen size may turn off some people but its sharp as can be .
the portability factor is a plus as its thin and lightweight .
if you plan on storing lots of huge files , video editing , playing graphic intensive games , photoshop , etc ... this may not be the right notebook for you .
but for an overall everyday computer this will be for you .
if the screen size turns you off you can always hook it up to an external crt with the included adaptor.this is a very good notebook and for the money its a bargin hands down for an apple !
highly suggested .

1
this little computer is so nice !
ok , i did ugrade the memory , it was cheap , and worth it , since i use some pretty large spreadsheet in my work.why is this computer so nice ?
well , it is quite cheap , it is lightweight , it is attractive , and it does all i want it to do !
i think i was one of the first to buy one at my university , university of alaska fairbanks , but now they are everywhere !
i think it is the most popular model on campus .
let 's face it : we can all dream about a 16 '' powerbook , but we do n't need it !
this one is perfectly capable of handing most applications we are likely to encounter .
it is easier to carry around also - fits in a backpack.i 'm a graduate student , and use some memeory-eating applications , but i have no problems running them on this gem .
with the extra memory it is pretty fast also.so , i can carry all my work with me .
it has reasonable sound quality if you play from itunes .
so far , the only drawback is that the cd-drive is quite loud , so you are better off downloading your music and listen from itunes .

1
i 've owned my ibook for over a year , and here are some of the most important points:1 .
my ibook almost never crashes .
it has crashed once in over a year of constant use , and i was using a microsoft program at the time .
: - ( 2 .
my mac does not get viruses/adware/spyware , and i can quietly chuckle whenever anyone tells me about their virus/adware/software problems.3 .
i 'm so tired of hearing people say that mac 's do n't have viruses because there are less of them .
it 's not true ( and even if it were so what ?
i 'll go with the less popular , but definitely more secure option ) .
the reality is that apple does not allow programs to install on the root without the user entering a passward .
so everytime you download a program that needs access to the root you will be asked for your password .
you can however download as many files ( anything that requires another program to run it ) without entering your password ) .
viruses need access to the root of your computer , so on a mac you would have to be stupid enough to enter your password to run a virus.4 .
things really are easier on a mac ( and i use a pc at work , so trust me , i know ) .5 .
the ilife programs are beautiful .
you can organize photos , download tunes , create music and movies with a simplicity that is amazing .
nothing even comes close on a pc.read the reviews .
what a great computer .

1
my dad has been gaga over mac since the original 512k .
i used to use apple all the time .
i liked the old macs , but went to windows when i entered `` corporate world '' .i got this 12 '' ibook because my dell laptop sucked .
it was really heavy , did n't have built in wifi and i was tired of the spyware and pop ups that made my dell run so slow !
i bought this ibook in december and i freaking *love* it .
it works seamlessly with my ipod ( which is the best piece of technology i have ever purchased ) .
the ibook has a great dvd player , awesome safari web browser .
ok , the screen sucks , but i can live with that.this laptop is awesome for me .
i can do email , surf the web ( wirelessly and with great range ) , work with digital photos , burn cds , watch dvds , make music with garageband ( cool program ) and video chat .
hey , $ 1,000 is cheap for a laptop that can do all this and is light enough to easily bring anywhere.my only regret is that was a cheapo and i did n't pay the extra money to buy the one with the bigger screen .
i know for next time.hey apple ... i 'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaaack !

1
this is a great computer .
sure you can get a laptop cheaper , but it will run windows ... who want 's that ?
apple has a great machine here .
it 's fast , portable , and it just looks cool .
get the 512 upgrade though ... you 'll use it !

1
i had a 15 '' dell inspiron laptop that just went out of its extended warranty , and i wanted to buy another laptop on my terms , rather than scrambling to get a new one when something bad happened to the dell .
when i saw the price of the 12 '' ibook and looked at the included programs , i realized that the ibook is the perfect laptop for me.1 ) i am always on the run .
the ibook is light and tiny .
it 's a pleasure to carry about , much easier to actually use on my lap than my dell was.2 ) i do browsing , word processing and desktop publishing , mp3s , and digital photo tweaking .
that 's pretty much it .
on my dell i had a hodgepodge of software that did n't work together .
the ibook 's ilife suite of software works together and is included along with appleworks with the ibook at no extra charge .
you can get a cheaper pc , but honestly , i do n't think it 's cheaper once you factor in the software you get and the quality .
you are not getting a cheap processor like a celeron and a dumbed down os like xp home.i am not saying that macs are better than pcs .
i like my dell fine .
i am just saying that for the average computer user who needs a laptop that packs maximum value for the money in a small package , you ca n't beat the ibook .

1
i am absolutely in love with my ibook .
it 's got great battery life , is lightweight , has a beautiful screen , and the os is wonderful !
i highly recommend getting the 60gb hard drive and at least 512mb of ram .
this makes things run smoother .
i love the wireless ... i can go anywhere and get connected - unlike any pc i 've used , where it 's difficult to figure out how to connect to the wifi .
i 've used itunes for a while , but i just started using iphoto , and it 's easy to use .
just a couple of minutes and i had it figured out - i ca n't wait to see what else it can do !
i use a 3-year-old 15 '' powerbook g4 at work , and i was concerned i would be disappointed in the 12 '' ibook screen , but not at all !
for everything i need to do , this laptop can handle it .
i have never been so excited about using a computer , and i 've never been so interested in learning more about what it can do.as far as the os goes , if you 've used a pc all your life , as i have , os x is easy to get to know .
an hour or so , and i was moving through it easily .
things are named a little different ( `` get info '' on the mac as opposed to `` properties '' on the pc ) but things just work better in os x.i highly recommend this computer , and i recommend the applecare , too .
i 've not had to use it yet ( knock on wood ) , but it 's smart to have coverage .
for those people who rated the ibook badly , i figure either they had a stroke of bad luck , or more likely , they 're anti-mac and wanted to have a bash session .
either way , i 'm trying to convert all my friends ... they do n't know what they 're missing !

1
i am a long-time user of apple products but have got to say that i am so happy with my recently purchased ibook ( 12 '' , 1.2ghz , 256mb ram - upgraded to 768 - running panther 10.3.8 ) that i can not be thankful enough.i was a windows user for many years - since 3.1 - and the comparison between even modern windows machines ( i purchased a custom dell laptop recently for a boss and had to set it up for him so i have a very good comparison point ) still comes down to the blessing that apple is the designer of the hardware and os .
the integration is seamless and powerful and using os x is a breeze .
i have never , using os x since it came out , had a `` crash '' or the blue screen of death .
never had viral problems .
never had worms .
never have to deal with any of that craziness like spyware that many novice windows users believe is 'normal ' for using a computer.i converted a company that had 10 pc 's and 2 mac 's to become an 11 mac and 2 pc office .
it happened naturally as many of the other `` power users '' got sick and tired of having to have i.t .
come out to support them or having to spend many hours on the phones with tech support .
that is simply not part of living with a mac.this mac is speedy , very simple to operate , the wireless is a wonderful thing - never having to make settings on it is the bomb !
!
!
i can go anywhere - for instance , on friday to panera bread - and if there is wireless it will automatically ask if i want to join and it remembers the network so that the next time i am nearby it is already logged on by the time i 'm opening it .
cool.os x is very well integrated with the computer .
and having an os that is unix based ( `` under the hood '' ) has opened up the doors to tens of thousands of shareware and free programs that are wonderful productivity tools - available out there for you to download.
can not say enough about it .
as to using in an office - where i used all of my macs until recently - it works perfectly on a windows based network and with ms office other people hardly ever even know you use a mac .
ha ha .
also , do n't forget , there are some awesome alternatives to ms office on the 'net for free - yes , free.apple 's new iwork setup is perfect for a home or small business user .
many people would be better served spending the $ 79 on this package than the $ 300-400 for ms office because pages is simple to use and has great templates - and it can save easily to pdf or doc or other formats to share with windows .
keynote , apple 's version of powerpoint , is beautiful and very easy to use and has many transitions that are much nicer and more professional looking than ppt has.so , overall , i 'd say if you 're trying to decide on a laptop that you will be happy with the ibook model here .
i have had another ibook and loved it and was thrilled to upgrade to this beauty .
i know i 've got many years ahead that it will work great ( another wonderful apple trait is that you do not need to get a new machine nearly as often as a pc because os updates and changes work great several generations back - i have several `` old '' macs running os x panther just fine , thank you ) .go for it !
you will not be disappointed !

1
i use my ibook all day every day .
it 's a great little machine.since i work on it all day , i got some extra ram to make it run faster , and handle more open applications , and recently upgraded the os to the latest , tiger .
my ibook been a real pleasure to use , since i switched from an hp with windows xp .
it took some time , but i found replacement apps for all the apps i 'd used in the pc world .
i got it for a steal , using multiple rebates .

1
i have been a diehard windows user since the 3.1 days and never imagined in my wildest dreams i would ever own a mac computer .
well , after seeing them firsthand when i used to work for compusa , i finally decided it was time to switch .
i am so glad i did !
i had the ibook out of the box and online in 15 minutes !
it took windows that long to boot up and start the configurator !
os x is very easy to navigate around that , aside from a few growing pains , i have been able to navigate like a pro .
i do miss the scroll button on my mouse , though i can live without that .
i love the sleep mode !
!
!
when i first heard of it , i had my doubts knowing how it never worked on windows machines , but after having my ibook almost a week , i have n't had the need to shut it fully off yet .
i close the lid and come right back where i was !
i know some people take this as a canned motto , but it just works !
i tell it to do something and it does it !
that 's exactly what i expect out of my computer !
battery life is excellent and the built in airport extreme is faster i think that hardwired broadband internet .
purchase this notebook and you will not be disappointed !

1
apple never cease to astonish its consumers .
as if the former line of ibooks were n't good enough , they upped the ante with this new holiday line.the new 12 inch model is the most appealing of all , mostly because of its low price : $ 999,99 .
for under a thousand bucks you get a fully equipped notebook with an upgraded 1.2 ghz processor ( the most powerful of the previous line ) , a wireless airport extreme card built-in and a new suite of apps including panther 10.3.5 , ilife'04 , 30-day trial of microsoft office 2004 , quicken 2005 , world book 2004 and two new games .
what else can you ask for ?
the 12 inch tft display is so gorgeous and brilliant that you 'll want to exchange your 29-inch tv for this beauty when watching dvds and with up to 6 hours of battery life you 'll be able to play for a long time without worrying about constant recharges .
to have an idea you can watch the full titanic movie ( that 's over 3 hours and 15 minutes ) and still have some battery left !
the new 1.2 ghz proc .
hasten the timing your apps will load compared to the previus model but you still should upgrade the memory to at least 512 to make good use of panther without any hassles.the best feature of all is the built-in airport card ( a $ 79 value ) meaning that you 're online wherever you happen to find a hotspot right from the moment you take it out of the box .
sweet !
bottom line : there has never been a better time to get an ibook .
and with an upgraded processor , wireless built-in , a new suite of apps and all the technology we come to expect from apple , all of this for less than $ 1000,00 you 'll be cheating yourself if you do n't get one of these beauties for christmas .
guaranteed .

1
simply , i could not ask for a better computer .
i have the 12 '' and am completley satisfied with the smaller diplay .

1
with the switch to intel processors coming in the next few years , i decided on buying the least expensive apple laptop .
for the money , it is a lot of computer.when i got the machine i upgraded the ram to 512mb , as 256mb does not run os x well .
( i 've just heard , by the way , that 512mb is now standard in these computers . )
the keyboard is great , and the trackpad is far superior to my old clamshell ibook .
my screen is fine with no dead pixels , and i also like the small size of this machine .
smaller screened laptops with slower processors generally get better battery life , and after getting an average of 4.5 hours per battery in my old ibook this has a lot to live up to.i bought an external dvdrw drive for this computer since it does n't have an internal superdrive and am happy i did , as it saved some money and allowed me to get the 12 '' display .
the other accessory i recommend is a griffin imic interface .
it 's a usb device that allows a microphone to be connected .
the lack of the microphone jack is my only real complaint here , and they perhaps could have put one in if they had gotten rid of the 56k modem , which is something many users will never use.with enough power for almost anyone , this computer figures to be my primary machine for the next few years , as i will be on the road quite often and will be away from my imac more frequently than i will see it .
based on the few worksessions i 've had with this machine , though , i may not even miss the imac .

1
this machine is not only beautiful , its so user friendly .
i have no complaints about it aside from the fact that ( and i bet this happens with any laptop purchase ) the software that came installed on my computer took a bite out of my hard disk space ( i paid for 30 gb and was left with 18.85 gb ) .
but aside from that , my display is wonderful , and from the moment i first turned it on i was automatically in love .
this music started playing and this cute animation came up welcoming me to the wonderful world of apple ( but not in those words , of course ) .
i 'm a graphic designer , so this is the perfect machine for me .
even with my 256 mb ram that came with my machine its clean and smmoth sailin , although i do plan to upgrade it to like 768 mb when i get the chance .
but this is definitely worth the 999.99 i paid for it .
not to mention the airport extreme that was included , giving me wireless nternet connection wherever it available .
great for those chilly nights when you end up hanging out at starbucks or wherever .
if you are reading this review in order to buy this computer , plase do , you will not be disappointed .

1
having last owned a mac about 10 years ago ( mac classic in college ) , i 've been eagerly looking at the platform since the release of os x. i 've recently switched both my home ( emac ) and mobile computers ( ibook ) to mac , and do n't intend on ever going back.the ibook is a great value ( especially if you are able to get the amazon rebate ) , and is a very complete package .
in has pretty current hardware ( 1.2 ghz g4 works great for most all current apps , but upgrade the ram ! )
, great functionality ( small and compact with no edges to snag your clothing or your backpack , 6 hour battery life , built-in 802.11g wireless networking , great included ilife apps ) , great apple industrial design , and a great operating system in os x panther.another truly great feature of the mac notebooks is its sleep mode .
close the lid and the computer goes into power-saving sleep mode , where will happily sleep for days and days without using up the battery ( i do n't remember when i last reboot or shut off my ibook . )
open the lid , and it is awake and ready to go in a second or 2 .
windows notebooks have this feature too , but my last couple of notebooks always end up crashing or locking up ( 1 was windows 2000 , the other was win xp professional ) , preventing me from using this feature .
my understanding is that they take up more juice in their sleep mode as well , so they ca n't be used like the ibook- i feel completely comfortable putting my computer to sleep for the night without the power adapter.finally a comment about the mac platform .
switching to a mac is not as 'traumatic ' an experience as is made out to be .
web , email , photos , music- all these applications are cross-platform and interchangeable between windows and mac users .
microsoft office is almost completely cross-platform compatible as well .
i also had a pleasant surprise the other day when i logged onto my windows network at work with my ibook , with no configuration necessary !
( when they set up the new network , an admin had to spend about half an hour on each windows pc to make different necessary changes ! )
i do n't know how that is , but within 5 minutes i was copying files from the network servers and printing to a network printer .

1
the ibook g4 is simply awesome !
i am/was a windows fan , born and raised .
i had expience with macs and promptly labeled it as the stupidest operating system ever .
( i mean come on no rightclick ? )
although as i began my quest for the perfect laptop i soon found apple 's ibook with amazing reviews .
still , undaunted by the good reviews , i searched dell , sony and all the other windows laptop makers .
oddly all the windows laptops i found for $ 1000 were huge , ugly , and had very little memory .
to even find a good laptop you would have to spend an upwards of $ 1500 .
i finally , with tail between my legs purchased the ibook , promising if it sucked i would return it .
i soon found the operating system to be clear , and easy to understand ... even for a windows user.the ibook is another home run from apple .
it 's sturdy white biuld is perfectly fung shui and stylish .
i would reccomend upgrading the memory for $ 75 .
this laptop simply has the most bang for your buck , and the new operating system tiger is a great freebie as well !
i found no problems with the operating system , installing the programs , or idvd .
ths computer rocks !

1
let me begin by saying that i 've never used an apple before .
been a windows user all my life .
i was in the market for a laptop and was looking around .
i had many choices lined up : dell , fujitsu , gateway .
one day i was in the mall and went to an apple store .
i was sold .
i purchased an ibook on the spot .
this machine is fantastic !
i do n't know why i did n't switch from a pc to a mac sooner .
the mac os x is simply the most stable and intuitive operating system i have ever used .
i 'm doing more on my ibook than i ever did using my pc.if you 're in the market for a laptop i would highly recommend this ibook .
if i have n't convinced you here are a few other observations.the slot loading combo drive is superb .
i do n't know why other pc manufacturers do n't use the same setup .
it loads like the cd player in your car .
truly innovative.the mac os doc is so much more intuitive than the taskbar in windows.aiport wireless that actually works with great range.the computer is fast with its 1.2 ghz cpu .
i would , however , recommend purchasing another 512 mb of ram .
that will keep the machine flying after you add all of your programs .
all in all this is a superb laptop !
i only wish i would have switched to a mac sooner .

1
okay , all jokes aside .
this apple ibook is really one of the best purchases that i have ever made .
i had a compaq presario 2500 with an 80gb harddrive , 15 '' screen , 64mb graphics card , 768 mb ram , with wireless internet and a 1400 by 1050 resolution .
this apple ibook beats the pants off the compaq in almost every category.1 ) price : the compaq cost $ 2,200 when i bought it a little over 2 years ago as opposed to the apple which cost me $ 900 on ebay and came with 1.25 gb !
!
!
!
of ram .
just for a side note , the apple ibook that i got on ebay was 3 months old and i did n't actually pay $ 2,200 for the compaq since there was a glitch on their website and i paid $ 500 .
otherwise , nobody should buy a compaq ever !
2 ) portability : the ibook weighs 4.9 pounds as opposed to the 7.5-pound compaq .
in addition , the ibook is smaller by far and i can actually take it to class without having to hurt my back.3 ) noise level : the compaq was so loud that i would hear a noisy fan almost every time i turned the machine on just to type up a paper or to browse the net making it useless for taking to class since people would stare at me .
when playing video games such as warcraft 3 or counter-strike the compaq would run so loudly that i would have trouble hearing the game or thinking .
the ibook is noise free when i type papers ; browse the internet , or most anything else .
the only time that the ibook makes a sound is when a disc is inserted and the very quiet fan comes on only after a while of playing age of empires 2.4 ) screen size and resolution : the compaq did have a better resolution of 1400 by 1050 compared to the ibook 's 1024 by 768 but i have not really cared since the ibook 's resolution is what i would normally use on the compaq anyways .
just because it can have a better resolution does n't mean that i will use it .
plus , i assumed that switching from a 15 '' to a 12 '' would be hard especially for a gamer but in fact it 's not a big deal to me even when i play games on the ibook .
the change from a 64mb onboard card to a 32mb onboard card was not great but when running games at the highest resolution , the ibook has a good enough display to make it worth keeping.5 ) battery life : the compaq advertised 2 hours of life but usually put out 1 hour if i was typing or listening to music .
the ibook advertises 6 hours and constantly puts out 4.5 hours of battery life while typing and a little less if playing music.6 ) operating system : while i thought that windows xp was a step up from previous versions and that the apple osx would not be worthwhile i soon realized that i was wrong .
my compaq always had software compatibility issues with other devices , random warnings that i did n't understand , and random crashes while i was playing warcraft 3 even though i had updated all of the software for the computer and the graphics card .
the ibook does not crash , randomly scare me with warnings , and is very compatible with all my devices including my hp 1200 laserjet .
also the dashboard on the osx is very useful with a calculator , stickies , a clock , stock tracker , weather , dictionary , thesaurus , and many other helpful tools that appear and disappear in one click .
what 's more the spotlight lets you search your entire computer quickly and easily unlike windows , which is a pain and does n't actually find what you 're looking for.7 ) virus 's , spyware , worms , and other junk : the windows system always lets all sorts of nasty programs into the compaq through activex or many of its other holes .
the apple osx does not do that because every time that i download a program that could possibly give my apple a virus or some other nonsense , i am asked for a password .
that is why apple 's do n't have virus 's .
i used to spend at least $ 60 a year on anti-virus , anti-spyware , and firewall software , now i do n't need to.8 ) compatibility : apple works with most hardware out there such as printers , mp3 players , and mice such as my logitech ( do n't buy the apple mouse ) .
most software such as warcraft 3 , microsoft word , and age of empires 2 can be bought for osx.9 ) speakers : the compaq 's speakers do sound a little better when listening to music but only when it 's really loud .
yet the ibook has great speakers that are of almost equal quality and may actually be better for listening to audio books or radio .
my compaq speakers had static when turned up all the way and went bad several times .
the ibook speakers do not hurt my ears with static and have not gone bad.10 ) laptop looks , keyboard , and durability : the ibook is much more beautiful with its white sleek looking case and light up apple on the back .
it does n't look like it would scratch up like the compaq or those silver powerbook 's .
the keyboard on the ibook is better than compaq 's but worse than the powerbook 's not in terms of wearing out but that the powerbook has those quiet keys .
my compaq had dirty palm prints all over its case from wear and this white ibook is doing much better but that may be because i 've had it for a shorter period of time.11 ) harddrive space : i had 80gb on the compaq and have 30gb on the ibook but i still use only 15gb on both of them .
so what does it matter whether i have 30gb or 80gb ?
if you 're thinking about getting anything besides an apple ( including a dell ) go for either an ibook or a powerbook .
if you 're making the choice between an ibook or a powerbook , consider this : the powerbook has a 64mb graphics card ( 32mb in ibook ) , a better screen resolution , a faster processor ( 1.2 vs. 1.5 ) but is louder , hotter , more expensive , and has 90 minutes less battery life than the ibook .
check out the apple discussion boards for yourself .
i hope this helps and do n't hate the apple , hate the game .

1
this ( special edition ) laptop has simply taken my breath away with its exceptional performance and ( mostly ) intelligent construction .
the large screen , mammoth hard disk , powerful processor and elegant design make it both a delight to behold as well as an effective tool for productivity .
and if you have the luck to be on a red-eye flight with nobody to converse with , pop in a dvd and use the express media player - this nifty tool turns the notebook into a dvd / cd player without having to boot up the actual computer .
as a side note , the express media player is installed on a separate subsystem ( occupying 100 mb ) on the hard disk and can be pretty tricky to tweak .
according to toshiba 's manual , removing the player and then deciding to put it back on again will require reinstalling the *entire* system .
ouch .
therefore , i actually suggest removing it entirely to avoid any hassle.the harman/ kardon speakers are exceptional for laptop sound .
the built-in 802.11g wireless capabilities and the onboard software make it a cinch to get on the internet as well as troubleshoot most networking issues .
the keyboard and touch pad are firm and sensitive ( albeit without the scroll features of most hp / compaq machines ) further reinforcing the overall feel of a solid machine .
the notebook comes with 4 usb 2.0 ports , sd card , video in / out ( s-video ) , type ii pc card slot , firewire / ilink ( ieee 1394 ) .
the laptop does n't get too hot compared to most other brands , but does create a decent amount of heat .
my only concerns were disappointing battery life ( about 2.5 hours at best ) , the lack of bluetooth , *trial edition* of microsoft office 2003 , and a high price tag .
however , the price really is justified and the noted issues *could* be handled by shelling out a bit more .
on the technical side , the placement of the usb ports can be a little inconvenient , with none of them on the back end .
perhaps the reasoning for this decision was that one could easily plug / unplug the usb cables without having to reach around the machine and fumble.although the manufacturer 's warranty is limited to a year , i recommend an extended warranty ( in spite of the cost ) , especially if you travel around a bit .
why ?
most extended warranties protect your ( valuable ) notebook from power surges , decaying pixels ( on the screen ) , malfunctioning parts and almost all innate problems - circuit city 's city advantage program foots the bill for s & h ; too , whereas the manufacturer 's warranty requires you to pay for shipping .
if you consider this notebook an investment as well as a tool ( i do ) , is n't it worth insuring ?
after all , even the best care and workmanship * can not guarantee* a fan from failing or a motherboard from frying.i comparison-shopped sony and hp notebooks against this one , and the toshiba came out the winner .
i 've dealt with computers ( as both a programmer and a network technician ) for 8 years , and this is one of the best all-round products i 've seen .
it 's great for students , gaming enthusiasts and the average person on the go .
even though it only weighs about 6 lbs .
( pretty light ) , i would n't recommend it to a traveling business person .
instead , the smaller , more compact sony vgn s150 might be a better choice.for those who are not familiar with the notebooks and their components , this review of the toshiba satellite m35-s456 would hopefully clear things up a bit.processor : 1.7 ghz intel centrino - provides for fast , powerful performance .
although it 's not as powerful as the pentium 4 ( p4 ) processor , the centrino ( aka .
pentium m ) is optimized for mobility , using significantly less electricity ( hence longer lasting battery ) than other chips .
furthermore , the p4 chip generates a lot of heat , requiring a powerful ( often bulky and heavy ) fan to keep it cool.memory : 512 mb ram - this , in layman 's terms , ensures faster computing .
comes with pc2700 ddr333 @ 166mhz in 2x256 from toshiba 's website , or better yet , comes with a single 512 mb chip when purchased through most circuit city stores , which is where i got mine.hard disk : 80 gb @ 4200 rpms .
it 's important to realize that although 4200 is not as fast as a 60 gb at 7200 or 10,000 rpms , the slower speed keeps the machine very quiet and requires less battery power too .
80 gb , one of the largest retail notebook hard disks out there , is plenty of space to work with and i 'm in the process of creating a dual boot linux / windows system.video card : 64 mb dedicated nvidia geforce fx go5200 provides for powerful mobility with just enough juice for 3d gaming .
many notebooks come with integrated ram , which is taken out of its memory .
ie .
if a system came with 512 mb of ram with 64 mb of integrated memory , it would reduce the actual available memory ( ram ) to 448 megabytes .
512 - 64 = 448 .
having a decent video card is essential to gaming as well as multimedia development.dvd rw+/- : this notebook comes with a dvd / cd combo burner suited to most popular formats .
an onboard acoustic silencer can reduce the speed at which dvds and cds are burned in order to create less noise .
even without the silencer , the drive is reasonably quiet .
the dvd burner also serves as a more effective means to backup your data compared to simply a cd burner.display : the 15.4 '' widescreen trubrite screen creates rich colors with plenty of available contrast to greatly enjoy movies and provides enough desktop space to increase productivity .
note that the maximum resolution with the trubrite widescreen is 1280x800 , which is n't too bad .
using an external monitor allows for higher resolutions .
i believe that this is also the largest notebook size that fits into standard notebook carrying cases.this system is feature-laden and marvellous - i would recommend it without hesitation .
toshiba quality and reliability are legendary , making for a solid purchase .

1
as freelance journalist and now hollywood screenwriter , i can assure you i beat the daylights out of any computer at my disposal a lot more than you would .
keyboards wear out quicker for writers , hinges go off the hinge at the constant idea spurts .
come to think of it , i drive my car at 100mph where everywhere i go but that 's beside the point ... well , maybe not , if only to prove i am hard on machinery.i can go through an average laptop in about a year and a half .
i have owned a sony vaio which was surprisingly well built but it had its little bugs .
i also owned an older model toshiba given to me through my day job and i managed to kill that too .
for what i need to do this laptop has been utterly amazing , in fact , it has lasted over 2 years an is still going strong .
my only additions will be an upgrade to 2 gigs of memory since i have established that i have absolutely no patience when it comes to machinery.the processor is more than fast enough , if you need one faster than this you have mental issues that need examining .
i am the original speed freak and this is fast enough to keep me passive .
when doing research for articles or stories , i am running many multiple programs at once and she just blasts from each to the next with no problems .
the screen brightness is externally adjustable which suits my many moods.the keys have since lost the slight tactile feels to them but the springiness and feedback through my digits are still the same .
i usually wear them down the no spring response in no time.overall , i can not even consider another laptop , even one made by toshiba as this model is no longer made , it was a special edition .
i am sure in time this too will wear out also but toshiba has made my replacement choice quite difficult by making the m35-s456 'special edition , ' i do n't know that i 'll be able to live with another laptop without constantly comparing it to this one ... damn , sounds like a freaking realtionship , do n't it ?
mj : - ) '' racer 's edge '' the movie , coming soon .
think fast n furious on 2 wheels ... motocross , with a father/son conflict .

1
i have been using this for all my office needs , spreadsheets , word documents , presentations , etc .
i have used it to rip cds , create mp3s , burn cds and dvds , movie creation , mpg editing , firewire dv movie capture and edit.my only complaints are that the front panel buttons for media do not activate when playing mp3s .
seems like just cds and dvds right now .
need to investigate if an app exists to pass control to wmp .
the tv in function works , but i find very little use for it .
it only allows the screen to be used like a tv .
it does not pass the video on to the processor , so it does n't work like a video capture source .
video capture to the hdd would be nicer .

1
i bought this pc is 2004 .
i 've never had a problem with it .
it has an nvidia fx5700 card ( not a 5200 ! )
with 128mb of dedicated video ram ; it will handle vista and it 's a splendid machine .
however , it weighs 9 pounds , 9.5 ounces .
it 's heavy .
i 've taken it all over the country ( as i am a musician ) and logged in thousands of hours typing ( as i am an aspiring writer ) .
it has never given me any problem .
i 've upgraded the ram to the full amount and , out of personal preference , swapped the dvd drive and the battery module .
they 're on opposite sides now ( because you can add two batteries or two drives , if you like ) .the only foreseeable problem is that there are three heat fans on the bottom .
they draw air in to push heat out the back .
please do not sit this monster down on a bed , an ottoman or a carpet .
it will dramatically shorten the lifespan of your machine !
also , it was n't built with modern heat-efficient technology .
what this means is , when i play battlefield 2 online with this machine , i need to remove the battery ( or whatever modular bay is on the right hand side ) and put in a `` cold compress '' ice pack ( used for bruises and such ) , wrapped in two ziplock backs ( to reduce condensation ) , because the video processor ( a chip , not a card like in a desktop - the cooling method is different ) will get hot .
how can you tell ?
the palm rest on the right will get hot when you try and play doom3 for an hour .
if you overclock the chip , you 're going to shorten its life span , so be careful !
it took only 20 minutes of gaming to thaw an ice compress so i had 3 on hand , swapping them into my fridge for a new one , every half an hour.while this machine can handle games , i do n't suggest it for this very reason.this laptop is a tank .
it 's a road warrior proven tank .
toshiba has given me great and horrible service since 1998 when i bought my first 233mhz satellite - a penitum - 1 with mmx technology .
over the years it has steadily gone from outstanding down to horrible .
but it depends on what you need help with.their tech center ( call center for phone help ) is amazing .
they 're intelligent , quick and knowledgable .
they help and you wo n't have to call them back a second or third time because they fix the problem and follow up with you ( call you back ) to ensure everything is taken care of.however , if you have to send a machine to them , your best bet is to use the internet , find the nearest service station , and hand deliver your machine .
why ?
because then you have someone to slap if they get out of line .
i 'm serious .
do not send toshiba your machine through the mail ; i have friends who made this mistake .
they 'll take weeks just to replace a motherboard and return the thing .
they 'll wipe your drive and return it to factory standard , minus all the recent drivers , security measures - etc .
you 'd sooner want to set yourself on fire than to deal with them , should you have to send your machine in through the mail .
in canada and japan , their customer service department is outstanding but not in america.however , in america , their phone tech service is amazing .
if you somehow accidentally turn your video into standard vga and accidentally eat your hard drive for dinner while drunk , they will get you into dos , have you type in some commands and return your hard drive to the way it was the last time you turned it on , 24 hours before you snacked on it .
beautiful.this machine may be a few years old , but it was a powerhouse in its day .
it 's also a workhorse , so long as you keep it cool .
you can add 250 and 500 gb hard drives in the modular bays ( if you wish to remove the dvd drive and the battery - everything is hot-swappable ) .i 've only just sold this laptop after over 3 years of intense ( 8-12 hours almost every day ) use .
i gave it to my son 's mother and she used it as a television to save electricity .
with the included components , it 's quite an awesome dvr unit .
i had it locate and burn every episode of csi ( accidentally , i just meant to get a few episodes saved because of my work schedule .
it used windows media center edition to locate every channel that played reruns of csi , filed them , recorded them and then burned the entire show , season 1-4 , to disc ... i realized it when it kept asking me for dvds every so often , lmao ) .she said she sold the laptop after 2-3 months of constant use for about 600 dollars ( maybe upwards of 700 , i 'm not completely sure how much , i just know it was over 600 , so ... it has great re-sell value for its age ) and that person had it for 4 weeks before it died.why did it die ?
?
because they set it on their bed mattress and used it - the heat did it in .
very foolish.my parents each bought one around a week after i bought mine ... theirs still run just fine .
they also use theirs on a flat surface so ... there ya go.i 've also owned an `` a '' series toshiba - i do not suggest purchasing those .
they 're inexpensive but so is the notebook and it 's components .
the p25 , however , is made with excellent parts and is designed very well .
it will run max payne 2 with full settings without breaking a sweat ... battlefield 2 and doom3 on the other hand ... not so much ; this machine is a little antiquated for these newer titles ... you 'll have to dull-down the graphical settings to play these games ... anything newer than that ... not a chance .
you can forget trying to play oblivion on this machine - sorry !
remember : this machine will get very hot , very quickly .
it also weighs 9 pounds , 9 ounces ( i think there is 16 oz .
in a pound ) .needless to say , i was very happy with the long life of my machine.i once spilled soda ( dr. pepper ) into the keyboard .
luckily , the keyboard was designed with a metallic coating that protected the interior from spills .
i replaced that keyboard with a new one and the part was very easy to find online ( through a toshiba certified retailer ) .
tiger direct still sells new batteries for this machine ( $ 133 dollars a pop ) and a second dvd burner is less than 100 bucks on the internet .
it supports up to 2 gigs of pc2700 ( which i suggest using over the slower pc2100 ) .
: )

1
bought one of these in 2007 , it is now 2013 and going strong .
it also has a great keyboard , its time for me to upgrade but i half dont want to because this laptop is so great .

1
first off , let me start off by saying this is my first toshiba laptop , so this is in no way a biased review .
this laptop is more than sufficient for basic computing with exras .
it was given to me by my mother because i needed one for school reports and such .
right away this laptop found a internet connection as soon as it turned on and i was in business .
here are some of the things that make it a very good , and dependable notebook : pros -- relatively fast as far as start-up and most applications-screen is beautiful and displays great-keyboard is awesome and not too small-nice n light-with wireless internet that has never failed me-i have 1,000 songs in my itunes library and there more than enough room for more-watching dvds on this thing is great .
great speakers-i barely and rarely feel heat coming from it ( its always on my lap , i use it in bed ) -very stylish look-ca n't tell difference between this one and a notebook more advancedcons -- very very poor battery life .
i always have it ac connected-screen seems to be flimsy , wiggles a lotso all in all , a very good laptop to have a home and on the go .

1
i bought this laptop new in 2004 .
after about 4 years this laptop is still running great !
the only things i replaced after the first 2 years were the battery , ac adapter , and hard drive .
that was because of regular wear and tear during high school .
the only issue i am having with it now is the hinges .
apparently both my metal hinge covers broke , so my screen is limp as a leaf .
there 's some home remedies that i will be trying out this week .
overall ... great solid laptop .
i highly recommend upgrading ram to 768mb .

1
across the line , sony had redesigned or refreshed most of their laptop product line , and the online photos do not do them justice at all .
i had to see this one in person before we could pull the trigger - and seeing it - it 's a beautiful machine.searching for a replacement for my wife 's sony srx-77 laptop ( the sony tr series computers seem to be the direct replacement model for that one ) we found few laptops that met the requirement of low weight without breaking the bank .
we came across the s series .
we thought we were getting a pretty basic laptop , but when we started using this , i now want to steal it from her - it 's got great power , a beautiful screen , integrated wireless-g which is a big step up .
.
.
this whole package is awesome .
have n't hit any major flaws yet .
i personally do n't like the mouse buttons , but that 's really about it - we are very happy with this purchase .

1
the sony vgn s150 is one great laptop its 13.3 & quot ; x brite technology screen has the greatest resolution i have seen.the weight of the laptop and size ( 4.2lbs ) are great for mobility .
although the battery life is only 3 hours your can still set the s150 to where it can give you more batterylife .
the processor will run a little bit slower and give you a little bit less quality on x brite screen .
but , you can still get your five hour battery life.overall the sony vgn s150 is one great notebook to have .

1
i bought a powerbook 12 '' originally to act as my portable to the monster vaio a190 essentially my desktop -a190 is way to big to carry on a plane .
powerbook had dead pixel , and returned it to compusa , needed a laptop for a business trip , but no powerbooks available .
did not want to spring an extra 700 for the 15 '' superdrive powerbook ( which is very nice ) , so decided to take the s150 with a plan to return it .
well ... i decided to take the silly stickers ( pentium inside !
made for windows xp !
, etc ) off yesterday as i have come to really enjoy using this laptop which basically burns my ability to return this laptop .
despite the windows xp , lack of ilife , lack of superdrive , i like it .
it works well despite windows .
makes sense for me because it feels like the shorter sexier sibling of my monster a190 ( like paris hilton 's sister who you never see anymore ) .
battery life is exceptional compared to previous corporate laptops i 've owned .
widescreen is nice .
wireless works despite windows xp trying to muck things up .
sony does for a wintel laptop what it does for palm os handhelds -takes them beyond their shortcomings and limitations .
if sony ever licensed apple osx , that would be a machine worth buying.so ... i ca n't make movies as easily as i could with imovie/idvd .
but the a190 is clearly adequate , and all works with my sony digital video camera .
the pc card slot is clearly a plus as the powerbook 12 '' does not have one .
i use a 2gb pc card drive to transfer work from home to work to laptop.also , the upgrade to xp sp2 has so far gone without a hitch which did not on my a190 ( took 2 hours to get wireless to work again ) .summary : equivalent to powerbook 12 '' in terms of overall satisfactionpros : xbrite screen is pure eye candy , works seamlessly in my workflow between office desktop , home a190 slabtop , and s150 , office 2003 works fine , am being productive on the road.cons : sony service does blow , apple 's is clearly superior in everyway .
no ilife , no superdrive , 4 port ilink inferior to 6 port firewire .
ports hidden in flip down tabbed covers which will break off -very very cheap .
keyboard is weak and bouncy as noted above.give and take.having itunes is okay .
idrive can be mapped .
sony 's photo program is superior to the earlier iphoto which i had running on my ibook .
sony products still cheaper than high end apple products ( ibooks are cheaper , but am tired of the kitchen appliance white ) and who keeps a windows laptop for more than 2 years ?
there will be a cool running g5 laptop or tablet type device when i get tired of this s150 .

1
great bang for your buck .
ca n't go wrong .
a very solid workhorse .

1
i 'm very happy with the notebook 's performance , size , ease of use , and wireless connection .
burning dvd 's is a little slow , and it does n't come with dvd burning software , but comes with a dvd +rw drive .
i had a sony vaio , and this is a million times better .

1
i am a new convert to the apple world .
i have been a pc user since my first computer .
my last pc pushed me over the edge .
it kept crashing , with the dreaded blue screen , and it would take ton 's of effort to get it restored .
it also cost me tons of money to get it restored.i went to the apple store in roseville , mn to purchase my ibook .
the staff there were totally awesome , and very friendly and helpful .
i did upgrade the ram on it though.once i got my i book unpacked , the set up was a breeze .
it is very user friendly , and easy to figure out .
i have been able to figure everything out , and it works on the first try .
( i am not mechanically inclined in the least , so this is a big deal . )
i also purchased airport express , which allows me to be wireless for internet and printing .
that is really great .
with airport you can be up to 150 feet away from your base and still be wireless.i am using the safari for the internet , and it works beautifuly .
i was not sure how i would feel about using something different from internet explorer , but i have to say that it is just great .
i also love how the desk top looks , and it is so easy to use.if you are having any doubts about switching to apple , just go for it , you wo n't be sorry .
apple makes a superior product to the alternatve of pc 's .

1
i recently purchased an ibook g4 14 '' 1.33 ghz 256mb ram 60gb hd with super drive and airport card .
all i have to say about this mac and the other one i own in one word is awesome !
i 'm a senior at a private online college and have owned/worked with many computers ( windows and mac ) .
in comparison to my compaq presario running xp pro , the mac is better in just about every aspect .
sure people want to say they love their windows computers ( i like mine and it works well ) , but when you 've worked on a math assignment for two hours using the equation editor in word and it crashes ( forget about loving windows xp ) you want to smash your notebook and throw it out the window because now you must start from scratch .
i 've never experienced this with either of my macs .
starting out as a college student i initially went with a windows computer , it worked well but i think i would have been better off buying a mac from the start .
ok enough about windows.apple has done an outstanding job putting together this notebook .
talk about features and ease of use .
on the desktop using expose i can open multiple windows ( word , excel , power point , entourage , ie , aol ) and press one button to put all applications into a single view on the desktop `` live '' that means everything works in the background applications .
i 've never seen anything like this on a windows machine , though it may be possible , the mac works that way right out of the box.ever run out of things to do on your computer ?
my ibook works so well i finish my tasks quickly and efficiently and i find myself with more time than i had with my windows computer-because the mac simply works .
if you 've ever done research on the internet and wrote a paper at the same time , the mac switches between internet applications , itunes , iphoto , imovie and idvd flawlessly .
it 's hard to crash a mac-though it can be done most users will never do this because it requires multiple requests through the bus and kernel .
the mac of course has a unix based os ( what many internet servers run ) .
this means the mac can support many user profiles and their data ( family members/friends ) .
the ibook g4 has so many features it 's unparalleled ; you must go online and check it out for yourself.my comments where not to down play windows xp pro because windows xp pro does work and is an outstanding operation system i paid some $ 399 odd dollars for it .
mac os x is not only a good operating system it is a superior one and is underrated for some reason .
let me make it simple if you 're considering buying a new notebook .
i enjoy using my mac and i wo n't need to buy another computer in two , three or even four years .
if i choose to , i can upgrade and i 'll be just fine for years to come-great roi ( return on investment ) .

1
i just got my first apple computer , this ibook , and i have to say , i 've been converted .
not only is this computer fast , fun , and beautiful to look at , its so sleek yet powerful .
i highly recommend it !
i do n't think i 've ever had a computer i love this much .
have n't had any problems at all !
the switch from windows to apple was not as big a change as i thought it would be .
and it helps that apples just look so good !
i am very very happy !

1
if you already have a desktop computer and are looking for a notebook for wireless internet access , e-mail , word processing , and other portable applications , the ibook is ideal .
the higher priced powerbook is a great machine , but the ibook offers a much better value , even when compared with competing microsoft windows pcs .
even `` pc magazine '' ranked the ibook as # 1 in its price range.i own a dual-processor 1.25mhz g4 desktop and was expecting the ibook to feel sluggish by comparison .
but it is surprisingly fast .
just be sure to have at least 512mb of ram .
256mb is the bare minimum , in my experience .
a second ram chip is easy to add on your own.as with apple 's other products , the ibook 's build quality is top notch .
there 's very fine attention to detail .
the battery life of five hours is impressive .
the lcd screen is bright and crisp .
it 's a solid machine all around.then , there 's os x , the unix-based operating system .
that alone is worth the price of admission .
it is such an elegant , powerful , intuitive and robust os .
if you 're currently using microsoft windows and have had problems with security and other issues ... boy , are you in for a pleasant computing experience !
the bundled software is a good start for home users .
appleworks has word processing , spreadsheet , database and drawing modules .
this program will open and save microsoft word documents , too .
then , there 's ilife , a suite of great easy-to-use multimedia programs for editing video , making dvds , creating music , and managing your digital photo library .
( if your ibook comes with ilife '04 installed , you can send in a coupon to apple to upgrade to the new ilife '05 package . )
the ibook has wireless capability ( airport extreme ) as a standard feature .
i 've been able to access the internet with my ibook at coffee shops and the local mall .
if you buy an airport extreme transceiver , too , you can have a wireless network within your home.the ibook ... right out of the carton , everything works just as you 'd like !

1
the 14 '' ibook has the best screen i have seen in a laptop .
the additional screen space over the 12 '' seems to be more than just the 2 '' i have had no problems with it .
the built in airport has been very useful .
the processor speed is fast enough to do a good fast job in photoshop .

1
i love my laptop , it goes everywhere , long lasting battery , runs nicely when i work with different programs at the same time , graphics look awesome , audio is very decent , touch pad is nice , even after 2 years of wear , my laptop works and looks great .
try to get a keyboard protector , the letters on the keys ( not the actual keys ) start coming off after use and abuse .
i have abused my loyal laptop , and only letter `` e '' has come off .
the best buy ever !
works beatifully with the printers , ipods , video projectors and any other peripheric i connect to it .
if you take basic care of it , it will last a long time .
i still run heavy programs and it works beautifully after 2 years .

1
i love this computer !
i 'd had it for a little over a year .
i wanted a notebook and searched for the best possible one .
apple offers the latest technology and you are guaranteed high quality .
i had my memory upgraded to 768mb ram and do n't have the super drive , but this computer is fast .
it 's great having wireless - i can pick up wireless points all over campus .
my parents were worried about software but i have n't had a problem so far .
microsoft makes microsoft works for macs ( word , powerpoint , excel ) .this computer is small , and light weight for its size ( i dare you to compare ) .
i have also been very pleased with the battery life .
i get about 4 hours on average- more if i dim the screen a bit .

1
this is a great little laptop .
my wife has a dell widescreen and it is just too bulky and heavy for what i wanted .
i wanted a lightweight laptop that had a nubby pointing device .
my old laptop ( compaq armada ) has a nubby and i love it .
the t42 has both the nubby and the touch pad -- both of which are fully configurable .
i turned the tap option off on the touch pad because it drives me crazy.the only thing i would change on this laptop is add some more usb 2 ports .
this laptop only has two of them on the left-hand side .
in the back of the laptop it has a standard parallel port for a printer .
they could have easily not have up that on and instead added four more usb ports .
i also like it because it has 2 pc-card ( pcmcia ) slots .
most laptops have express card slots .
i am sure express card is good , but all of my cards for laptops happen to be pcmcia.i would definitely consider buying another thinkpad .

1
even though ibm sold their pc division shortly after i purchased this machine , i would purchase it still .
it is pretty close to the perfect laptop in almost every respect.it 's lightweight yet durable - a machine that is meant to travel .
the speed is really good .
the screen is really nice , bright and crisp .
i picked the 14.1 '' version of the laptop because i wanted the smallest full featured machine possible and i was not disappointed.the fingerprint reader is great and easy to use .
i have it set up to require a fingerprint scan at boot up for security and from there it will log me into windows as well .
i even have different fingers set-up to allow different windows privileges ( admin vs restricted user ) .there are a lot of nice little features in this machine that make a big difference .
i 'm a big fan of the mouse pointer in the on the keyboard and would not know what to do with out it .
the extra scroll button for the mouse is really handy as well as the keyboard light built into the screen .
the keyboard is comfortable and well laid out.the software that comes with the machine is very good , especially if you are moving from network to network .
for the most part it does a great job of figuring out what environment you are working and configures itself appropriately.about the only drawback to the machine is the price , but what you pay extra you get back in less aggravation and a better experience with a machine that ( if you are like me ) use every day .

1
i do n't own a thinkpad , but i 'm looking into buying one .
usually amazon.com has good deals , but this is n't one of them .
i love t42s , but you should look at the new t43s .
they are even better .
i hope this helps .

1
when i see an item advertised on the amazon web site and the product has a very low price and the seller asks the buyer to email them before they purchase , i question it .
most of these situations , the seller asked for cash to be sent via western union and the seller never sent the product .
this same item was advertised for $ 1200 on 10/2/04 and was reported to be a fraud and removed from the amazon site .
now , just two days later another seller is selling the same item at a very low unreal price .
i would like amazon to investgate this seller who is advertising this product at this low price .
i ordered this product from another vendor on another web site for $ 2299 .
i rate the product 5 stars , however question sellers who have extremely low prices and ask that you email them prior to submitting the order .
thank you , frank robert speece

1
some things to note about the description that amazon has provided for this laptop : this model ( 2378fzu - ibm 's designation for this notebook ) has a 15 '' screen , not a 14.1 '' ; cdrw rewrite speed is 24x , not 10x ; it has one-year manufacturer 's warranty , not a three-year ; the wifi only works with b and g networks , not a networks ; and to clarify , this model does not have the built-in fingerprint reader .
i suggest you visit the ibm website to ascertain all of the details yourself .
i highly recommend this model .
i bought it to replace my dell inspiron 5000e which was over 4 years old and broke down on me .
having spent nearly $ 2700 on the dell , i can now say that because of my experience with this notebook , i am a thinkpad convert .

1
research can get you a long way .
i am an it purchaser , software developer , and home user .
for company use i purchase dell only - usually .
i am real happy i made an exception this time.this laptop has many features that put it over the top .
the only modification i have made is to install an additional 512k memory ( total now of 1mb ) .
the memory install was pretty simple in the empty memory slot .
the slot has metal tabs to separate that are a little more than tough on the fingers .
note to ibm , make the next model use plastic.some of the features that have impressed me:1 . )
it has built in 802.11b/g card that works real well .
i get great reception due to the two antennas built in .
they are those strange rubber tabs on the outside edge of the screen.2 . )
great keyboard feel .
they keys are full size !
the tactile feel is one of the best i 've felt on a laptop .
i 'd like to see the function ( fn ) key placed somewhere different than the bottom left where i always go for the ctrl and alt keys .
suggestion to ibm , move the fn key between the ctrl and alt keys like standard windows keyboards have the windows start key .
extra keys include a forward and backward button that works well in ie , separate volume/mute keys , and ability to save power by turning off the wireless card when not in use.3 . )
speaking of saving power .
the average actual battery life i have experienced is 4 - 5 hours !
that includes using the wireless card and having the brightness contrast at a decent level .
average settings get above average battery life.3 . )
lightweight and very slim .
i bought an ibm bag and the laptop only takes about a third of the available space .
there may be lighter laptops but this seems light for a 15 '' screen.4 . )
hard drive airbag !
yes i said air bag .
ever considered what could happen if you drop your laptop ?
i do n't know of anyone else that has this.5 . )
night light !
yes another innovative feature .
a light shines down from the top of the monitor with the click of two keys .
the light is wonderful when you are working with presentations with the lights out , traveling overnight , or at home while working.6 . )
ibm software does a decent job monitor the system for you .
the battery indicator they add is much better than the standard xp one.overall i love this laptop compared to the dell , hp sony , toshiba and winbook laptops i have seen and used.hopefully this research will help make your decision easier .
the items i listed above were things i did not realize when i did my research and i though i did a thorough job researching this product.great job ibm .
if ibm could only compete price and service with dell desktops we would finally have a computer hardware war .

1
i suspect the previous reviewer works for dell ; how else to explain the partisan distortions ?
i 've had this notebook for a few months and it 's the best i 've ever used .
the heat exhaust is not in fact a problem .
i 've never had my `` hand baked '' and frequently work for hours with the machine in my lap .
i thoroughly appreciate having the trackpoint and touchpad options ( though generally i prefer the trackpoint ) .
the screen is far brighter and clearer than any other notebook i considered .
and the craftsmanship , including the keyboard , so far surpasses dell that the earlier reviewer 's assertion to the contrary seems inexplicable .
i particularly appreciate that the screen hinges are made of steel , which allow for precise adjustments.it 's worth noting that i do n't have the exact model listed here and i did n't pay this amount .
my sense was that feature-for-feature , the t series compares quite favorably with other light notebooks ; it was in fact the *least* expensive of the brand new dothan 1.7 chips i found on the market .
if you 're willing to cart around another pound or so , you can save several hundred dollars with the `` r '' series .
finally , the superxga screen , which gives you 1400x1050 resolution , is a nice feature but adds 2-300 to cost .

1
for this price - there is not a better laptop deal on the planet .
first time ever to use xp professional via touchscreen ; again , this is an outstanding value and a ultralight toughbook that can withstand a drop of 30 cm without internal or external damage .

1
best store to wok with , abcdcomputer took care of any issues a+++ , appreciate it computer works .
my cf-29 works good .thanks

1
unit in good shape , dealer is good to work with and understanding with any issues that may arise even if its not under there controlover all the products is great

1
i 've had my k33 over a year , and am using it primarily for audio/video/graphics processing as an independent consultant .
i subject this unit to 120-hour workweeks and expect it to do tasks that would choke a powerful desktop machine .
it performs without flaw .
in fact , i describe this machine as the single best-suited computer to my way of working that i have ever had - desktop or laptop !
that includes all the big names and even some custom built stuff - and i was a die-hard thinkpad devotee for years !
do n't expect battery life - between the very fast processor and the super-bright display , it can devour a battery in well under an hour when you 're actually using the system.i 've upgraded to 1gb ram recently , and it helps alot in intensive tasks like video rending and audio processing.the primary `` mouse '' button on the touchpad has recently started feeling funny , and it 's mis-aligned now - i think something has broken in there .
i 've got the extended warranty , so i 'm sure that it will be fixed.if you 're doing processor-intensive tasks , and need a machine that can be carried from workplace to workplace , and you do n't necessarily need to be working from your battery all the time , i 'd highly recommend this machine .
in fact - i 'm dreading the eventuality of having to replace it , because whatever i get to replace it is going to have some very big shoes to fill .

1
we are mac users and lovers .
we had to invest in a pc for certain technical reasons , one of which was website development .
we have had the k33 for over 1 year and have never had a problem .
she responds as quickly as does our braodband service or whatever programme she is running .
without a doubt , norton 's antivirus slows her down from time to time , mostly when there is a scan in progress whilst you are trying to use the system .
we have never experienced any technical difficuliteis otherwise .
the battery is short , but i have yet to find a laytop with a good battery pack and believe me i have had plenty of laptops over the last 10 years .
frankly , we think she is a beauty .
we happen to have a camera that can use the memory stick device on the system .
it is extremely convenient .
the screen is crisp and clear .
i am not sure what our complaints would be over this system , but having had a positive experience with the sony vaio , we would certianly recommend it .
i will also mention that we use the vaio in a work environment .
her duties are beyond normal home use .
thanks for taking the time to read our 2 cents worth !

1
this is it .
it is the ultimate for those very busy businessmen who never seem to have enough space to store stuff and/or constantly find that stuff is too slow .
it 's even good for presentations as it connects easily to projectors .
hence it is the best in its class .
if there is anything better it 's thesony vaio vgn-a290 17 '' notebook pc

1
nights after nights for the researches , i finally decided to go with sony ... the first thing that really attracts me was the xbrite screen , so bright and very natural .
it is true that there is no anti-reflective coating on the screen but as far as i have used it , i have no problem .
i think problem will be when you use it with very bright light on your back ( like sun light ) or when you watch movie or play game with dark color tone shows on screen , that the reflection shows up strongly .
otherwise , for normal windows users like me , it is hard to say reflection is a problem.it is lighter and thinner than all the laptops i have ever used .
i hardly notice heat after hours of usage .
battery life last for about 4 hours ( without using cd ) - i tried to set the power management but still ca n't reach 5 hours as spec.but one thing that bothers me is a plastic cover on the ports .
there is a little lock on two sides of each piece of plastic .
i feel like this lock will crack sooner or later if you use usb port all the time ( well , you ca n't avoid this if you use mouse ) .
if it really cracks , the cover plastic wo n't fit in its lock anymore and it will just keep falling off ...

1
have had this laptop for just a week , and the machine is more than i could have hoped for .
it is light , bright and clean !
at just over 4 lbs its light , and 1 lb of that is the battery.speaking of the battery , it is a wonder .
the machine and i went on a 3 hour plane trip , and the battery lasted the entire trip with power to spare.with the built-in wifi , i am able to easily to connect to any , and i mean any , open connection .
with a simple slide of a switch on the front , its off .
perfect for airplane travel.its a winner !

1
it has a dvd +/- record dvd drive as the title suggests but the specs have listed otherwise , also its screen is 1280x800 , wide format .
the photos you get when you click on the above image are also for a different averatec laptop , although the photo above is correct.this is the second averatec laptop that i have purchased and i am happy with what i got for the prices i paid .
the cases are a bit cheap and have warped a bit from the heat of normal opertation , otherwise they have performed flawlessly .
if they cost more i would have to knock a star or two off , but for this price you cant beat them .
mobile pc magazine had a good review of this exact model which you can read at averatec 's web site , [ ... ]

1
ok , for the price , you ca n't do much better than this .
it 's probably the best laptop boasting a 3ghz cpu and dvd-rw capability .
i do wish it offered an 80gb drive , but the radeon chipset makes up for it .
if you 're shopping around , you should consider it .
[ ... ] you 'll be pleased .

1
this sony vaio vgn-a290 notebook pc is a great desktop replacing laptop .
it has an intel inside centrino processor 1.7ghz .
it might be a desktop replacement but you can still take it to the cafe and to the airport in a breeze .
1 gb ram is very good to have since i do a lot of music and graphic software programs which take up a lot of ram on the computer .
100gb is enough for me to download thousands of hours of music without making my computer even slow down .
the wireless internet on this notebook pc is still vary fast .
i usually get 11 mbps at the airport which is pretty good .
i can burn my dvds on the dvd+/-rw double layer drive easily without any mistakes .
i used to have a toshiba satellite 1955-s803 notebook pc which costed around $ 2,500.00 with an intel inside pentium 4 2.49ghz processor , 512 ddr sdram , 60gb hardrive , wifi technology , dvd-rom/cd-rw combo drive , wireless keyboard that could n't top this one .
i love this machine and you should experience it yourself .

1
i bought one of these on ebay when it first came out .
my first hard drive lasted about a month .
my second one lasted about 2 months .
my third hard drive lasted about 2 months also .
the computer was always taken very good care of and always covered up when not being used , so i have no idea what went wrong .
i will say that sony customer service repaired it promptly and even after the warranty was expired .
it now appears to be working fine .
i thought about selling it before another hard drive goes out , but i like this way too much to get rid of it .
the picture quality is extraordinary .
i 'm keeping it until i find something better and i have n't seen it yet .

1
i am extremely lucky to have purchased the last new vgn-a290 in the us .
this is my second one of this model .
i purchased my first one in 2005 from one of my soldiers while in iraq .
i got one-heck-of-a deal on that one , which was virtually new at that time .
2 years later the monitor went out of it , so i went on line and ordered a 17 '' dell computer .
i was not happy with that from day one .
i could not wait to get home and have my vaio repaired .
once i was able to do so , i once again made this my primary computer , now 3 years old , it was still a better computer than the new one i purchased .
a year later i returned for another tour to iraq and my sony vaio was also making it 's 2nd tour of duty .
once i got to kuwait , the power adapter burned up .
i then decided to spend the money on a new sony vaio .
by doing so , i was able to use it 's power adapter to run this one .
a couple months later the monitor went out of it again so , i shipped the old one home and decided i would purchase this computer new when i got there .
even the new vaio was not as good as this one .
nothing ( to me ) is better then the windows xp home addition .
the vista on the new model was it 's greatest downfall .
not to mention the superb sound of the speakers on the older model .
i have never had a laptop computer before that thought it was a desktop model , this one truly believes it is .
when you are in a far away land such as iraq and your only link to your loved ones is your computer and you use it every day in extreme conditions , ( heat wind and dust ) as such we saw in iraq , your computer is the most important asset you have .
everything from watching dvd 's to playing games , to yahoo messenger , it is all made much better with a top of the line computer , and friends , this is by far the best computer i have ever used .
yes , it is a little bulky to be toting around , but that is the beauty of it .
you do not have to lug around the dock and speakers with you everywhere .
my first tour there was spent as a platoon sergeant running convoys from kuwait to mosul and everywhere in between and that computer saw as much as i did during the tour .
my second tour there was as a first sergeant and stationed in central baghdad and i was able to set it up and not move it the entire time until the monitor fried again.now that i was lucky enough to find and purchase the very last new vgn-a290 in the us , i intend to send the older one in and have it completely refurbished .
the local computer geeks in my city tell me it is not worth putting money into this machine .
i simply laugh in there face .
if they do not want to earn a profit , that is their choice as i would gladly spend hundreds of dollars to have that one back , in like new condition .
now i just need to find someone who wants to earn the money to refurbish it .
i strongly recommend this computer to anyone .
although there are no new ones to be found anywhere , it would be worth the money to purchase a used one as there are some available .
the ease of use , windows xp and sound quality are its best features .
5 stars is my rating ...

1
this a desktop replacement , no doubt !
for the features , is not so heavy ... with the added port replicator is a monster laptop , sound is exceptional thru the 12 '' speaker included in the packet.the screen is out of the mind ... extremely brilliant and nitid..even better than my office vaio k23 , its 17 inches surpasses all expectations ... the bundle softwares is ok , even would be better if would bring some more burning applicationspros : superbrilliant screen , convenient size , 1 gb ram and 64 mb ati video card 9600 , quick response , 100 gb hd , not so heavy , nice port replicator , burn double layer dvd , wireless work extremely smooth ... .cons : port replicator easily detached in a non-totally horizontal surface ( lap , etc ) , my xp crashed two times with gigapocket appl .
( for tv captures ) ... no big dealafter buying this machine i noticed the toshiba 17 '' cosmio with 100 gb hd , 512 ram and the tv/video card inside , no need of port replicator , a comparison would be interesting to find.i wonder why the vaio a series did not come with all in there as the grt models did.anyway this in an excellent laptop for home .

1
may be the laptop has superb features for which i have chosen it for my use.and after paying the money via western union to a newly launched seller amazon ( who still uses the email id- sls_representant @ yahoo.com ) -the seller had disappeared without delivering it .
so even if you are getting some really good or cheap prices for a laptop just be sure that you will be getting that .

1
my actually s360 is giving me a lot of fun everyday , anywhere.as i am not working hours non stop i gave my acer 804 ( large screen ) to my daughter and take my s360 anywhere , on vacation , business everywhere.sony also gives a number of battery saving possibilities so you can run endlessly , well allmost.mine does not have a dvd writer , only a cd writer.is enough for all normal back up tasks such as my documents.as it is a sony with all built in quality and garantee i do not think the s is overpriced !
( if you can afford it of course ) leen

1
this computer is amazing .
i first got it when my ancient compaq finally crashed .
i got it at best buy , and let me tell you , comparing the screen to the computers next to it is like comparing a ford to a porshe .
i finally decided to get it since sony has never failed me , and i love it !
even now i have trouble going from the laptop to the desktop , my eyes still expecting the amazing screen quality ... only to see a normal flat screen monitor ... along with the screen , everything works great .
a hobby of mine is to make some movies with my friends , and it can handle the editing process like a charm .
the only problem i have ever had with it was figuring out that there is a switch on the front to turn on the wireless lan .
trust me , waiting in line for 30 minutes to find out all i had to do was flip a switch was n't a great experience .
( and i 'm one of those guys who dos n't ever read the manual ) .
this computer is wonderful , probably the best sony laptop they sell .
i highly suggest that anyone looking for a computer get this awesome product .

1
a flawless machine .
as i sit here at starbucks putting it through its paces i notice that playing everquest 2 online is a very fulfilling experience .
no hang-ups whatsoever .
the graphics are gorgeous .
the head-turning factor is also quite high .
i have answered about 4 inquiries about this beautiful beast in the last 2 hours already .
the vaio is , indeed , the cadillac of pc notebooks ... and the rest of the world appears to nod as they walk by .

1
i am delighted with my purchase .

1
i was looking for a laptop with decent features for around $ 600 .
most of the laptops at retail store include tax with can go up to $ 100 .
dell has decent laptops too but to configure with the features you want it is clearly $ 800 or more .
so for amazon without tax and with gift card promotion i jump on the deal .
this laptop has dvd +/-rw burner .
it is made by lg electronics and rated at 4x .
i upgraded the firmware to make it region free .
all the other features are pretty much standard .
the screen is very bright and 15 '' .
the ram is made by hynix which is name brand ( huyndai ) .the hard drive is a bit small .
i bought an extra 256mb ram for $ 20 and put it in .
amazon failed to mention that this notebook has an ethernet port also .
this notebook is made in china as most laptops .
the feel is very solid .
four usb ports should be enough for most users.all in all i get an epson c86 , usb cable and this laptop for $ 545 after all rebates which i think is a fantastic deal .
look around and you will see a notebook with dvd burner cost around $ 1000.pluses : very low pricesolid featuresdvd burner to buy against obsolesenceminusespoor documentation on amazon website and on the box itself.medion is a little known brandsmall hard drive.newer celerons just come out with 1mb cache.not sure about support .

1
the price is around 700 for such laptop.i think it was the best.i have used hp , dell emachines , toshiba on the same price level.i think this one is better .
it is lighter .
it has dvdrw .
the cpu is the same level with others.if you do not have enough money for a 1500-2000 ibm laptop .
this is a pretty good choice.i recommend it .
: )

1
i have used this for 2 years now and wont settle for anything else even now.this is an ultra slim notebook that makes a powerful first impression , ( people end up awing at it rather than your presentation ) .itis among the best-engineered notebooks , has a very solid feel and very portable the clip-on extra capacity battery manages 6 hrs.the lack of an optical drive can be a plus for many , now that usb flash drives and sd flash cards are so popular and cheap .

1
when i bought my toshiba tablet 5 years ago i did a lot of research on all the tablets on the market .
this one was by far the best .
five years later i 'm still using it and everything works great .

1
i got this particular laptop for a few reasons .
first , it is stylish without being a mac that i have to learn how to navigate .
second , it is a great desktop replacement .
i am totally happy and have had no problems and i use it with a lot of apps running at the same time .
highly recommended .

1
this was the first pc of any type that i did n't build personally or , research ( in great detail ) .
i was returning an hp notebook that was full of problems at best buy and the pc tech took mercy on me ( after having it serviced by best buy through the warranty- ( 11 issues when it was sent it came back with 2 of the issues fixed ) .
so , this was an easy argument .
the tech at the store said to pick a notebook then and there so i would not have to deal with further `` fixing '' .
my wife pushed this viao and here we are .
i have to say this has been a rock-solid work horse .
the big downer is the 64meg video which ruins this laptop for any games .
otherwise , this is a very solid pc/desktop replacement .
no issues , fast and furious .
and , i do lot 's of stuff with my pc 's ... solid performer

1
this laptop computer has faced many harsh reviews but i am not one such critic .
the screen is unbelievable and people must remember that this laptop is meant to be a desktop replacement , not a super-portable laptop .
it is super fast and has great versatility .
the 3.067 ghz processor allows maximum speed and connectivity .
this is an overall great machine and offers all the best inputs and accessories that are big on the market today , standard .
80 gb hard drive as well as more than half a gig of ram .
sony vaio pcg-k35 is a great machine for all around home and student use in college !
!
!

1
i have had many laptops over the years , this one is perfect , i picked this one out because of the speed , widescreen , and graphics ... i have never had a problem with the power cord !
or any thing else .
the graphics is great for gaming or graphic work .
its a little heavy but i prefer it that way , seems the lighter the laptop the more they tend to break , atleast i know this can stand to be bumbed into .

1
i am using it for the past two years .
it 's working great .
most of friends who sees that ask 's me is it a new one thats why i maintained it still i use it daily and i switch it off for every 4 days .
it runs non stop.as usual the battery problem and looks like most of the hp laptop 's have power jack problem other than that , i never had any problem i am still using the os that came with the laptop .
hp did allow me to purchase the warranty service ever after 1 year of expiration .
great service .
it 's bright screen and wide screen make 's me watch movies more on my laptop than on my tv .
: ) it 's worth .

1
i have had this computer for the past month and use it every day - all day .
it is outstanding in every respect : beautiful extra bright screen , fast , reliable , plenty of ports for usb and various memory cards , large hard drive storage , excellent keyboard , etc .
it is heavy , so i do n't recommend using it as a portable , but i keep mine at home on my desk .
this replaced a large desktop and i am enjoying having the extra space on my desk .
it does everything my desktop did , and more .
it runs a little hot and you can hear the fans but this is not really bothersome .
highly recommended .

1
quote '' 1 .
the sound does n't quite synchronize with the image2 .
most channels have an annoying bar of flickering pixels at the very top of the screen.3 .
they tout the instant on feature without booting windows , but do n't tell you that only channels 2-13 are available in that mode .
`` 1- i bought the same model and dont have any problems at all ... but i can suggest while you are using tv feature , you should close all other background processes ( personal ones of course ) .
that should overcome the problem !
2- that is not caused by tv card mostly it is from broadcasted channels .
i used 2 different types of tv cards on my desktop before and they had the same flickers due to the broadcasted channels !
normally you wouldnt see it on you tv because it is probably over sized from the back tube !
or tv res is too low that you cant really realize !
3- totally you are wrong !
because there is a setting if you press f2 key while watching tv which will bring up setup menu so you can rescan all channels so they ll show ?
why should you do that ?
because it is not windows and not using windows settings !
!
it is qosmio player which i assume there is another chip that controls this features !
if you press f1 you ll see guides menu which shows what each button stands or sets for !
all in all , i m pretty satisfied with this laptop !
i currently owned a p15 s479 and this one came on right time to replace it : ) for new bees , i suggest you to click buttons and discover instead of complaining !
: ) and read the manuals !
although you may find it boring , in some parts there are really cool informations !
if you have money and like the state-of-the-art stuffs you should buy it !
but once again , you must be open to discoveries : ) google is there and keys are under yyour kontrols if you dont know search it !

1
i bought this on sale from office depot around 3 years ago for $ 1100 with no warrenty .
i never had any problems at all since .
the screen is amazing and the sound quality was awesome.i am using everyday to watch movies and to work from home .
it 's been great with me and i would highly recomment to anyone ... .
to heavy , battery life is short ... ... otherthan these awesome note book

1
using 11 mon.
, so far no problems .
most of the time in the car : durable .

1
was looking for a desktop replacement pc for my home .
also wanted to use it to watch movies in the den .
it is a bit heavy , but what do you expect with a 17inch screen .
well designed keyboard , and mouse touch pad .
recommended for home use .
for serious computing needs at work , i still use the ibm thinkpads .
if you have lots of money to burn , i would also recommend the sony laptops with xbrite displays .
that display is awesome .

1
im a newb to the laptop market but did alot of research before i picked up the zd7380 .
this laptop is incredible !
picture , sound , full size keyboard .
i run doom 3 at full 1680 32 bit graphics without a hickup !
i did think about buying a $ 800 entry level laptop ... but you know how it goes , you end up buying things twice if you dont purchase what really want .
i have the tv tuner set up with my satellite tv and have all types of movies and shows recorded on it , the media center downloads the program guide wirelessly , i love it !
yes its a little heavy , yes the battery life is 2 hours , and yes the dvd burner is slow ... ..those 3 things are really worth compromising for the power you get with this laptop .
i dont burn dvd 's on my laptop , i have a cheap power inverter in my suv that i plug my laptop into .
as for a carry on when traveling abroad..no problem 15 pounds or so ( battery included ) so worth it !
if i was to do it all over again i would of just purchased the 8010 model for a couple hundred more .
the dual tv tuner would of been sweet !
good luck with your purchase and hope this helped .

1
i purchased the averatec to replace an aging e-machines notebook , and i could'nt be happier .
i admit it runs a bit hot , but with a notebook cooler under it , it has yet to become a real issue .
the reasonably bright screen is perfect for business use as well as watching the occasional movie .
battery life is about average for a laptop , and i have dropped it a couple of times and it still runs like the devil .
i highly recommend this to everybody that asks about it .
good job avertatec !
!
!

1
i bought this notebook a little over 2 weeks ago and has been great .
the dvd +/- burner comes in handy quite a bit , something i have n't seen in lower priced notebooks .
the screen is small but very very crisp and its far from bothersome .
it could do with some legacy support ( no serial or parallel ) but more then makes up for it with the 3 usb 2.0 ports .
it 's very fast for such a small notebook and so far i have not had heat problems as other people have said , though it does get a bit warm when playing games .
overall this is a great notebook especially for traveling , the built-in 801.11g comes in handy .
averatec says it gets upwards of three hours , the most i 've gotten is about 2.5 doing things such as browsing the net via wi-fi , word processing , chatting etc .
i 'd expect a little under 2 hours watching a dvd .
the very large 80gb drive is also a plus .
its also very compatible various linux distro 's for any users out their .
tested on knoppix , debian , fedora core 2 , and of course windows xp pro.-jameson

1
after spending the first two years of law school lugging around an incredibly heavy ( ~8 lb . )
laptop and too many ridiculously heavy case books , i started looking for a lighter alternative .
i stumbled upon the averatec and tried it because i was impressed by the specs and the price .
i could buy three averatecs for the price of one sony vaio.i love this computer .
it is light and the perfect size to tuck into any briefcase or bag .
i have gotten as much as 4 hours from a fully charged battery , and have gone two days without plugging it back in by putting it in sleep mode.it does have some drawbacks .
the speakers are pretty bad , but since i only use them to play `` sugar , sugar '' by the archies for my daughter , i can live with them .
lectures and tutorials sound fine on them.it also does get pretty hot , but my techno-nerd husband has instilled in me the habit of always setting my notebook on a book or wooden tray ( never directly on my lap or a pillow ) , so the fan can work pretty efficiently .
i have never burned myself on this computer.there are a few rub marks on the inside plastic around the screen , but they are really easy to remove with a pencil eraser.i am thrilled with my purchase and have used it every day for nearly a year .
it is exactly what i wanted and cost much less than i expected .
i plan to continue using it when i practice , perhaps with a universal docking station .
i love this computer !

1
for the price offered , it 's hard to beat .
the xp-m processor is the counterpart to the pentium-m and saves battery power .
plus , with 802.11g and an 80gb drive , it fulfills all my needs as amedia desktop as well .
great functions for a low price .
[ ... ] two thumbs up for averatec .

1
i have been using this computer for a few weeks now , and so far i have been very impressed .
it is much faster than a 2 year old dell workstation i have as a desktop unit .
the screen is very clear and bright , and all of the networking and communication gear has worked well .
of minor concern was the inability of the os to start right up first thing out of the box - i kept getting a message from windows that it was missing something - but no other details .
so i reloaded from the supplied cd 's , which are norton ghosted copies of the default settup .
from that point on it has been pure pleasure .
i love many things ferrari , but i also need a powerful laptop for real work - this fits the bill very nicely for me .

1
i love this laptop .
i was diagnosed with a degenerative disc disease .
the doctor said that carrying too much weight will cause more pain in my back .
after buying this laptop the pain vanished thanks to this lightweight notebook pc .
weight plays a negative factor when it come to notebook pc 's .
if anyone want to undue the increased back pain get this laptop and you 'll see the difference .
however , the hardware and software are excellent as well .
i am a member of the u.s. air force and i travel a lot .
my averatec laptop go everywhere i go with no problems as far as connectivity .
most of all my back feel terrific .
it 's really pleasing for a consumer to enjoy the pleasure of his/her product without any uncomforting expectations .
i 've told all my friends and co-workers , they love this laptop too .

1
i bought the averatec 2200 and am really happy with it .
i have not found a single thing that i have n't been able to do with it .
it actually moves much faster than my desktop , which has more memory .
the great thing about the averatec 2200 series is that it is small and lightweight and it has almost every kind of basic device and input you would need .
of course , i am not running more than one or two programs at a time mostly and i am not running a huge amount of graphics .
mainly i use my laptop for word processing , internet and e-mail .
i also occasionally play computer games ( the graphics are as good as anything its size and not too slow ) and mess around with photographs and dvd 's .
these have run well for me .
i ca n't find anything wrong with the computer and no glitches to speak of , so i give it a perfect score - especially because of the price and features .

1
i just recently purchased this notebook and am very pleased with it thus far .
first thing i did was remove microsoft works and installed office 2003 , along with removing norton anti-virus and installing mcafee in its place .
the computer handled the removal and installs very well .
at home i use a wireless router to connect to the internet .
the built-in wireless works well , but the connection quality was weaker than both my pda ( ipaq ) and my roommate 's compaq presario from the same distance from the router .
the battery life was about 2.5 hours with the wireless internet connected while ripping a few cds .
for $ 829.00 i find this to be an exceptional value compared to other laptops this size and weight and would recommend it to anyone looking for a budget laptop with nice features .

1
this laptop is superb for the price .
screen gets about a 7/10 due to low contrast but this is a sub $ 1,000 unit .
do n't get me wrong the screen is nice but you can get better on a $ 2500 laptop .
comes loaded with only the basics that you need- not a bunch of aol/msn crap etc.80 gb hd + dvd rw + fast processor and an excellent form factor equate to the best deal i have seen.also the wireless has been flawless .
this laptop never gets turned off only into sleep or hibernate mode and come out of these modes perfecectly every time and finds the correct wireless network etc.i never had a laptop that did all of what it was supposed to in these regards.my model is actaully the 3250hx = 80 gg drive but the same base model .

1
i 've been shopping around for months for a full-featured compact laptop and it seemed like i was always trading off weight and size for features.after comparing laptops from the big boys ( dell , compaq , hp , sony ) , i decided on an averatec laptop because it had the best price for the size and all the features i wanted.it 's so light that it 's a breeze to carry around between work , school , home and on the plane .
my only wish would be for a better battery life .
it lasts for about 2 hours .

1
i ordered this used laptop for my husband because he needed one for on-line college courses .
it arrived in two days with all the software needed .
ca n't beat it for the price .
it did have a couple of mild scratches , but besides that it runs fine .
i recommend !
!
thanks !

1
this notebook is excelent !
!
!
... is equal to the amazon description.i very happy with this hardware ... i recommend buying this refurbished laptop ... it is very comprehensive !

1
my order was early and works great it has everything i need more i love it very much i wish there was more stores out there like yours

1
i would buy again from this seller .
the laptop was packaged safe for shipping and arrived quickly .
the product matched the description and was in great working order .
no instruction manual included , so i would suggest downloading one or asking for one if you do not know how to use a laptop or are a beginner .
i was nervous to purchase electronics online ... no regrets at all with this one , very impressed .

1
i just wanted to say thank you so very much , i know this is an older model laptop , but it works amazing and looks like new .
i will definitely buy from these guys again ... .
: )

1
it has n't been a month yet since i received the pc , but i like it so far .
it 's the software that i have to get use to .
usually , it 's the software and/or the operator that is the problem and not the electronics .
the display is clear and sharp .
the color is great .
for the size of the speakers , the sound is outstanding .
i like the usb ports on three sides .
i watched someone trying to give a presentation with a laptop with ill placed usb ports .
he had a difficult time getting prepared .
i would recommend the purchase of this model .

1
i do n't know why sharp did n't invest more in marketing this terriffic little laptop .
it 's light weight and the ultimate travel companion both for quickly getting through the security line at the airport and for all around functionality and ease of use .
it includes a dvd player and a cd burner and is slightly larger than a portable dvd player and battery lasts longer too.one of the greatest features is the directhd feature .
with the laptop powered off you can connect it to any desktop computer with a standard usb cable and quickly transfer files from the laptop to the desktop or vice versa .
i upgraded mine to 1gb of ram and am a graphic designer and have had no problem in using photoshop cs3 or any of mine design programs .
it is quite quick -- and fulfills all my laptop needs .
it is not a gaming machine but for graphic design stuff and word processing and email and such you really ca n't go wrong .
another great feature is a button on the side that allows you to just turn on the dvd player - -the enclosed wired remote ( which is not essential for the operation of the dvd player provides quick controls over all movie features -- your headphone plugs into this which plugs into the headphone port on the laptop .
the wireless g is built in - 2 usb ports , a network port - -i ca n't tell you how many comments i get on a regular basis on this machine .
there is n't a flight that goes by that i do n't have someone asking me where i purchased this or where can they find one .
if you can find one of these babies -- snatch it up - -there really are n't any other ultra-portables that come close in terms of features for the money -- and none of the competition offer the directhd feature -- this is such a convenience and once you 've used this feature you wonder how you ever did without !
!
!
i really wish sharp had marketed this better - -sharp creates quality products but frequently forgets to market : ( another great thing about this is the battery life -- you can usually get about 4 hours out of one battery and replacement batteries -- spare batteries -- are only $ 99this is a laptop that you wo n't regret buying -- even though they do n't sell them at sharp anymore -- they still support them -- and have great customer service .
i would take my sharp over the sony 's any day !
!

1
i had an averatech all throughout undergrad , until i dropped it and broke it .
i was heartbroken to discover that not only did i have to get a vista ( because it was exam time and i did n't have time to order an xp ) , averatech was no longer making laptops !
!
this was the best little laptop ever .
it always worked , it was fast , it was light , and it had a button to turn off the wireless from the keyboard ( a feature which i loved - windows makes it really hard to do ) .
it was perfect for a student , and if i could ever find another new one ( even with all the outdated features ) , i would not hesitate to buy it on the spot .

1
i 've been toying with this laptop for several hours .
$ 749.99 with rebate.it fairly fast despite only 256 meg ram.display is crisp and bright.i 've successfully installed microsoft office and paintshop pro , copied a music cd , watched a moovie , transferred files from a sony memory stick to a usb drive , listened to mp3 and ogg vorbis files , and surfed via the wireless connection.i 'm going to recommend buying several more of these to a little nonprofit board i belong to.what 's not to love ?

1
this is the best computer i 've ever bought .
it simply works perfectly .
also , someone mentioned that it 's not good for games .
well , that 's just not true .
okay , so maybe it is n't blazingly fast and maybe it wo n't play the absolute most top-notch games , but it plays quake iii , unreal tournament 2004 , and world of warcraft all just fine ( with only 256 megs of ram , no upgrade is necessary ) .
so , as far as i 'm concerned , that makes it a fine gaming maching .

1
i ca n't believe someone would return this fantastic bargain of a computer over the cpu speed before doing a couple of searches on the web .
granted , i do find this to be weird and i think averatec should put a guide to doing this on their site .
anyway , let me explain how to fix your cpu speed .
are you excited ?
1 .
go to the averatec website and click on `` customer care '' on the bottom left side .
then go to downloads and download the cpu driver and run the program.i think this is where some people , including me , got confused and averatec is to blame .
it turns out you 're not done installing .
you have to goto the next step:2 .
go here : c : \averatec\drivers\cpu and click setup.exe for the driver .
this installs the driver.3 .
reboot the computer.now check control panel/system/general and the cpu speed should read 1.6 ghz as it does on mine now .
i 'm not sure if it 's pyschological or not , because i did n't find it to be that slow before i did this , but it really does seem to be running quicker now - though i 'm no expert and did n't do official tests before and after.if that did n't work , you may also need to do the following : goto the power management section of the control panel and change the setting to `` always on '' .goto control panel , add/remove programs , and click add/remove windows components to the left .
wait a minute , then you just click next next until it 's finished ... or try rebooting a couple of times after installing the driver .
it did n't work the first time i rebooted but it did the second for some reason.anyway , that 's it .
after that you have nothing else to worry about .
i 've been using this sweet machine for the past week and have been quite impressed .
i ca n't believe all you get for the money.the con : the graphic card is awful .
do n't plan to play games on it.the design .
this is a beautiful machine .
very bright , sharp screen .
and it 's ultra thin .
it 's not ultra light , however , but not overly heavy either .
i ca n't get over the bargain price , really .
amazing.it 's quick , especially after the adjustment , and seems very stable using a variety of applications including photoshop 8.the 802.11g 54 mb/s built-in wireless .
this thing is flying online right now.the built in card reader is very nice .
goodbye external card reader.my personal favorite is the fan button .
you can turn off the fan on this machine whenever you want and the machine becomes dead quiet .
that 's one of the reason i sold my compaq , which was so noisy.tv out .
you can watch all those special , downloaded movies on the tv ... i hope this was helpful .
i highly recommend this unit .

1
got this laptop about a month ago .
runs great .
it 's light , it 's thin , battery lasts about 3 hours , and it has plenty of power .
i play world of warcraft on it all the time , and it runs great .
i purchased word/excel/pp for it for $ 150 extra , and that solved all my compatablity issues with pc/mac .
if you want a lightweight , high quality laptop , then this is probably the best deal out there .

1
i have had this computer 2 days now .
it is just amazing .
it arrived from amazon charged and ready to go .
in 10 minutes i had it fully set up ( it is _so_ simple to set up ) and was surfing the web from my hotel.right now i am typing this whilst listening to the music from my ipod on it !
!
i never imagined a computer could be this easy to use.the only thing the other reviews did n't mention is that it is ready to go faster than i open the screen when coming up from sleep mode which is great when you just want to look something up.if you have an ipod then you know how easy apple stuff is to use - just get this !
!
battery life is great - it shows the remaining time in the top right corner of the screen - i am getting over 4 hours.dan

1
my first computer was a wintel and so were my second , third , and fourth .
my brother decided to take the fourth one away from me just a couple of weeks ago , so i had an opportunity to buy a new computer .
a few of my college friends were boasting about their apple powerbook g4s , and being the wintel user that i 've been all of my life , i was curious .
i did a lot of research - looked at reviews , literally studied every tech specs on the apple powerbook website , asked around , etc .
then , osx tiger came out that week and every tech website that i went to was boasting on and on about how wonderful this new operating system is .
i decided that i had to give it a try and so i did !
my apple powerbook g4 15 '' came last week with an additional 512mb ram ( 1gb memory total ) and i have to say , i 'm pretty satisfied with it .
everything is amazingly easy and i love the dock !
all of the programs that i use daily are only 1 click away and it makes my desktop looks uncluttered as compared to my windows xp 's desktop .
everywhere i 've taken this baby , people have been amazed as to how thin and beautifully designed this is !
compared with other laptops , this baby is extremely light too !
to think , my dad , who wanted me to stay with wintel , wanted me to buy an 8lbs .
toshiba laptop .
for my very petite size of only 5'0 and a little under 100lbs.
, i do n't think i would 've been able to carry that toshiba in a shoulderbag around school .
in addition , apple makes wireless connection so easy to install and use !
my friend , who owns an ibook with the same airport installed in his computer says it 's so easy to steal other people 's wireless internet with an apple .
i do n't know if this is true for wintel laptops , but immediately when i 'm near a place with wireless internet installed , my airport automatically `` discovers '' it for me and i do n't have to enter any usernames or passwords or anything !
that 's how easy it is .
not only does apple make wireless connection easy to use , but a lot of wintel users do n't know that mac is not as vulnerable to viruses as they are !
about almost 75-95 % of viruses created are made to target windows users .
this is why you do n't hear any complaints about macs affected by viruses .
now , is n't that wonderful ?
however , i do have some minor complains though .
first , this laptop does get pretty warm if you set it down on a flat surface or on your lap even because of the aluminum metal .
just make sure you do n't wear short shorts and it should n't be too hot or purchase a laptop stand .
secondly , i do miss the right-click option on wintel a whole lot .
now , i always have to ctrl + click everything if i want to right-click and it can be a chore sometimes.during my first week that i got this powerbook , i was wondering why my battery life was so short since i only used itunes , ichat , and safari , and airport wireless at the same time .
i did some research and found out that the best way to maximize your battery 's energy span is by fully discharging it , let it go to sleep , and plug in the power adapter and let it charge until full .
this should only be done once during your first week with your battery or any new battery .
i 've also read that if you 're not using bluetooth or airport , remember to disable them so that you do n't waste any energy.all in all , i 'm very satisfied with my apple powerbook g4 .
i saved $ 200 with the apple education discount so if anyone is planning to buy one soon in the near future , remember to take advantage of the discount ( even if you 're not currently enrolled in school ; just pick any school - a school your children go to or a school that you went to and you 'll still get the discount ) !
it cost me $ 2,050 total including the 1gb memory upgrade and tax altogether when it should 've cost me $ 2250- $ 2300 .
this is a great investment and i hope any windows user with curiosities about switching to mac should go to the apple store and try it out for himself !

1
at the outset let me say that i have owned many computers over the years , and of them , many more windows machines than macs .
but i am here to say that the 4th gen. 15.2 '' powerbook that i have owned since february is the best computer i have ever owned or used , period .
this laptop reeks of quality .
it is solid as a rock , and the display is beautiful .
as far as speed is concerned , it is comparable to my dell p4 2.8 ghz desktop .
the best part of all is the os x operating system .
i 've upgraded to tiger ( 10.4.1 ) and have had no problems .
the os is so smooth and easy to use , that windows xp now seems very crude in comparison .
i currently run two dell desktops at my house on a wireless network , and the pb links up w/o a problem .
and , with os x , file sharing between the computers is ridiculously easy .
if you are considering a quality laptop , i highly recommend the powerbook -- you wo n't be disappointed !

1
i am using this apple laptop for some time and thought its time to right a quick review .
apple as always famous for excellent design did a good job here as well .
few things i love about this machine1 .
very attractive look2 .
backlit keyboard to use in the dark ( my favorite feature to use on the plane ) 3 .
good stereo speakers4 .
excellent screen resolution4 .
plenty of ports ( ethernet , firewire , usb , speaker , telephone , etc. )
5 .
built in bluetooth ( i think it 's the best way to connect to cell phone ) 6 .
built in wireless ( both 802.11b and 802.11g ) 7 .
lots of printer/scanner work well with this out of the box8 .
slot loading cd/dvd drive ( i have dvd writer which works amazingly well and fast ) 9 .
built in modem10 .
extremely easy to change battery or memory , if you need toonly two things i did n't like about it1 .
heats up fast and stays warm ( and i read that its very bad for men to use a warm notebook keeping on lap ) 2 .
wireless connection lose some strength ( about 20 % ) as you see both the issues are because of the aluminum case but it gives gorgeous look so i am ok with them .

1
okay , so i 've had a pc desktop , laptop , etc and usually looked at apple computers with disdain especially the ones i used as a kid in elementary school .
but apple has come an amazingly long way with the introduction of this powerbook which i consider to be the best purchase i 've made in a long time .
i thought it would be some what difficult to adjust from a pc to a mac , but this powerbook is so user friendly , that after i took it out of the box it practically set itself up .
what else can i say abou tthis laptop besides its just great !
no crashing , voice command that can even tell you knock knock jokes , an impressive processor , beautiful design , illuminating keyboard , great bluetooth capability , and even the touchpad works beautifully .
they say once you go mac you never go back , and its true .
no more pcs for me !

1
i 'm just a regular person with no training in graphics or computers .
apple has changed all that .
i used pcs all my life and now realize that i wasted my time & money .
pcs will never compare to apple , and frankly , i do n't undertand why people bother .
i thought buying a g4 desktop was the best purchase of my life .
but this powerbook ( pb ) is an even better purchase .
since i 've bought it , i have totally ( and i mean `` totally '' ) ignored my g4 desktop .
i do all my computing from the comfort of my couch .
i do everything wirelessly .
apple 's os x is unbelievably stable .
this pb is great for the user who enjoys using higher end digital equipment and software .
apple software is simply the best .
the graphics intense power simply sits on your lap .
iphoto is easy to use and with a .mac account , you can share your photos on the internet in just a few easy minutes .
with music , garageband allows me to plug in my guitar and record my music .
then i use gargeband to add some bass , drums and other instruments .
i then save it in itunes and post my music on the internet where friends can download my music onto their ipods .
i 'm not even a good guitar player but garageband turns me into a musical genius .
as for digital movies , i download my footage into final cut pro and edit my movies while sipping latte at starbucks .
i then use my pb to burn my movies on a dvd and share them with friends and family .
and i 'm just getting started !
as life goes on , apple continues to improve and so do i. i highly recommend this powerbook .
it will change your life ...

1
i was a confirmed pc-bigot since dos3.1 and made the switch evetually after increased frustration with windows led to several failed attempts to move to linux.my only chance to try a new os was to buy new hardware.a year on i 'm not disappointed .
osx is the best of unix under the covers with a gui that 's sweeter than anything ms could dream of .
the bundled apps have enabled a novice like me to prepare printed books of photos , make dvds of my photos and home movies and even dabble in making a little music with garageband.but it 's not just about media ... ms office for the mac blows the socks of the pc version in power and beauty .
apple ship the development tools cd with the mac as well , so for a programmer , i can get started right away coding lovely mac apps ( in objectivec ) , as well as c , c++ , python , ruby and java , all of which ship pre-installed.as far as the hardware ( this specific pb ) is concerned , the machine is lovely to look at , ludicrously fast to wake from sleep , and the only times i 've rebooted it in the last year are when the automatic software update system suggests i reboot after an os upgrade .
i can even swap batteries while the machine is on and running .
the backlit keyboard and superdrive are extras i was n't sure i would need , but i 'm damn glad i paid for.do it .
do it now .
i guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .

1
stunningly beautiful and extraordinarily powerful , this laptop will impress even the most rabid windows partisan .
the screen is crisp and bright , and the 1280 x 854 resolution gives you as much room as you need.the designers at apple have once again outdone themselves .
the keyboard contains a light sensor , which adjusts the screen brightness as ambient light changes , and also controls the keyboard backlighting .
as the light dims , the keys are illuminated .
when the lights go back up , the illumination turns off , and the keys go back to normal.the 1.67 ghz processor is fast and suprisingly quiet .
you 'll never be left frustrated by load times.there are a few things i wish they 'd improve , however .
the one-button mouse has to go !
i do n't know why apple clings to this .
i really wish the laptop scrollpad had two buttons instead of one ; i typically use a bt500 bluetooth mouse ( which works perfectly with the powerbook 's built-in bluetooth ) to overcome this limitation .
i also wish the keyboard was a bit bigger , with a dedicated row of f keys ( f1 , f2 , etc ) instead of sharing them with the computer 's control keys ( brightness , volume , etc ) .
i also wish they 'd move the function key to the other side ; it is always in the way when i am trying to hit the control or option keys.but those negatives can be completely overlooked by this spectacular machine .
if you purchase this laptop , you will not be disappointed .

1
this is an awesome laptop .
my most satisfying mac purchase to date.pros : - brilliant 15 '' widescreen display.- striking hardware design , aluminum casing.- mac os x , the most elegant and stable consumer operating system i 've experienced.- compared to several windows laptops i 've seen , the powerbook seems more rugged , less flimsy , higher quality components ( inside and out ) .- up to 2gb of ram possible.- auto screen dimming , backlit keyboard.- zero configuration to connect to any wired or wireless network.- top notch apple service and support , i highly recommend purchasing applecare.- size and weight , compact and lightweight.cons : - battery could be better .
a friend of mine just bought an inspiron 6000 .
while the 6000 seems cheapish , the battery lasts twice as long as my powerbook battery.- i really ca n't think of any others , you 'll love this laptop !

1
i sent back a sony vaio for this laptop and i am glad i did .
the laptop is physically beautiful , a great blending of form and function .
the processor is fast , i have run mutliple apps and downloads , even with just the 512 ram , and no problems .
wireless is great , i am using airport with my old belkin transmitter and can pick up from across the house and yard .
battery is running between 3 to 3.5 hours .
i am new to os/x but it is easy to pick up and , i think , a better os then xp .
a lot less virus and adware garbage to worry about .
the superdrive whines a litle bit when you start it up but this is really minor .
no problem with availability of software titles from what i have seen .
however , i am not a gamer , so if you are , you might want to check this out first .
i did however see a lot of game titles available for os/x at the store .
if you are undecided between this laptop and pc 's like the vaio and dell series , i recommend go for this one .
it is really a much better value and a very rugged , well built , physically elegent laptop .
the only question is between the 15 and 17 inch , but , i think the 15 inch is a bit more portable but i bet the 17 inch is a great laptop as well .

1
this is the laptop .
it 's fast , it 's beautiful , and it 's well built .
i have never , ever used a laptop this amazing , ever .
unlike other pc laptops , this one had no parts that can break off or get stuck , such as flaps to cover ports , the media tray , and others .
the backlit keyboard is handy in the dark , and the sensors that adjust the brightness of the display and keyboard is a true marvel .
and it 's fast , faster than my pc running at 1.8ghz .
word launches in under 10 seconds , as does any other application i throw at it .
and the operating system is lightyears ahead of anything on the other side of the fence , whether it is what they currently offer or are trying to create.the only gripe i have is that the laptop gets dirty easily , and when you have something this cool , you 'll want to show it off in it 's clean state .

1
i have had this system for 8 months now and i only have a few minor complaints .
it is hard to get the dvd drive to stop reading a scratched disc ( cd or dvd ) .
while importing my itunes library i had some old cds that had a few scratches .
the comp would lock up .
apple needs to develop some sort of time-out or somthing .
oh yeah and these cds worked fine in my work comp ( dell ) .
so i would burn a copy and use the newly recorded cd in the mac .
minor headache .
other than that this is one kickbutt machine !
do n't buy this machine if you are planning on using it for gaming .
i tried to play call of duty 2 and it is too choppy .
only have 512 mb memory .

1
had to return an hp laptop because it refused to cooperate .
protools le was too much for it.i did n't want a powerbook , i needed one.the blend of beauty and pleasure shocked me when i booted it up the first time.slipped in the gig of pc 2700 ram with no problems.it has n't complained once.the superdrive is super-intuitive and easily backed up a full dvd in as much time as my pc would burn files to cd-r.all my peripherals are compatible with osx.3.8 ( which i had to download from apple ... breezy . )
i 'm enjoying the interface , a lot less clicks and menus to access files.got giggly about the zoom feature for the display.when 's the last time your pc made you smile ?
in short , my g4 is the perfect houseguest .

1
awesome product that i really love and is really great for college .
would have been better though if i had not had to buy word processing seperately .
which was another 140 $ .
overall though i love my computer .

1
i have had this computer for over a year now , and i have had no problems .
the superdrive works perfectly , and takes away the need to purchase the extra burner .
completely worth the extra $ .
the bluetooth feature : i have only used it once , but it worked great .
i really love the airport , now i can go all over my house and have full bars .
i love this computer .

1
apple 's latest update to their aluminum powerbook series warrants a close look by current powerbook users and anyone on the fence .
the 17 '' screen is stunning , even keeping in mind that other makers have copied the idea ( apple 's overall presentation simply outclasses the copycats ' efforts ) , and the design and construction are first class.i purchased the new 17 '' powerbook to replace the previous 15 '' model .
the increase in processor speed is noticeable , and i love the new trackpad which incorporates vertical and horizontal scrolling simply by touching the pad with two fingers instead of one .
it is immediately easy to use -- no extra buttons to manipulate or odd procedures to learn .
the screen seems brighter than the previous one , and the new keyboard backlighting is beautiful.i also like the fact that , besides increasing the base amount of memory , apple now ships the machines with one memory slot open .
that is , a standard 512mb machine has one 512mb strip on board , with one slot open .
i simply took the `` extra '' 512mb strip out of my previous machine and put it in the new one , giving me a full 1gb of memory ( upgradable to 2gb for those planning missions beyond the galaxy or whatever ) .buyers of the new 17 '' powerbook should also check out the apple/brenthaven shoulder bag and backpack .
i opted for the backpack this time .
it is beautifully crafted ; easily worth the slight additional cost over the standard fare , especially since the computer sleeve is made specifically for this computer.in sum , this is not an `` intermediate '' tweak ; it is a serious upgrade of an already-great product .

1
first of all , let me state that while i have used this machine , i am the current owner of an older model - the first generation 17 '' with a 1ghz processor and a 60gb hard drive.one of the biggest questions i always hear is `` is n't that too big to carry around ? ''
my answer is no .
i carry it for a 20 minute walk to my college campus daily and have no problems with it .
i keep it in a brenthaven bag specifically designed for it , and while it is a little unwieldy , it took me very little time to get used to it .
the weight is definitely not an issue .
for anyone thinking about getting this , i would weigh any bag that you carry with you on a day to day basis - seven pounds really is n't so much to deal with.i use my powerbook as my primary machine .
at any given time , i am usually running adobe photoshop and/or illustrator , macromedia flash , as well as a few native applications ( mail and ical are always open , usually itunes as well ) .
the programs that come with the computer are well integrated into the operating system .
i use mine for about 15 hours a day , and i put it to sleep rather than shutting it down .
even with all of the work that i do on it , a year and a half after purchasing my model it still stays on for two to three weeks with no need to shut it down.the backlit keyboard is a feature that i never thought i would need , but now that i have it i 'm not sure how i ever lived without it .
light sensors automatically adjust your screen brightness and keyboard lighting , although these can be adjusted manually .
it makes working a breeze .
even though i do n't look at the keyboard very much when i 'm typing , it 's nice to be able to see when i need to use keys i do n't access very often ( function keys , etc. )
.
since the keyboard lighting controls take up extra function keys , the `` one-key '' expose features in osx require one more step with pressing function before hitting f9-f11 , but if it poses a real problem you can always set screen corners or change the hot key.my biggest issue with this computer is the battery life .
with the brightness turned all the way down ( which can make the screen very difficult to see depending on your lighting conditions ) and airport turned off , it can get around 3.5-4 hours of battery life .
if you need full brightness and a wireless internet connection , you 're realistically looking at about 2-2.5 hours of battery life.overall , i am a large supporter of this computer .
i would recommend it to anyone that has a need for a macintosh with maximum screen size and portability .

1
i 'm very impressed by apple 's latest powerbookat first , i was hesitant to get it , mainly because i was not impressed by the 1 ghz 's performance on fcp and dvdsphowever , this powerbook has really blown me away -- -- in fcp , i was able to play 4 layers at once , all composited upon each other , in real time !
the apple store also had hdv footage from the newest sony camera -- and on that , the powerbook could handle three layers , composited upon each other , in real time -- -- very impressive !
i did n't put it into motion or dvdsp tests , but the old 1 ghz powerbook could n't even open motionthe 128 in video-ram makes a big difference on this powerbookotherwise , for simple multitasking , email , and word processing , the powerbook is solidso overall , do not let the intel switch veer you from purchasing a mac right now -- -- -- if you need the powerbook , particularly for video editing , then go for it !
you 'll be happy with your purchase

1
there are , quite literally , thousands of notebooks in the market today , ranging from $ 500 to $ 3000+ in price .
if you 're looking through the reviews of the magnificent $ 2700 17-inch powerbook , you might be wondering if the price , the upfront cost of a macintosh , is justifiable given that one can easily purchase 5 of the $ 500 notebooks .
i looked around myself , but it came down to these:1 .
the big screen .
most 17-inch windows notebooks try to be media centers , and they weigh a ton .
this powerbook is barely more than an inch thick.2 .
size .
i do n't have big hands , but i do like a comfortable writing space .
the keyboard has a nice tactile feel , it 's backlit in dim lighting conditions.3 .
quietness .
there is hardly a sound from the computer , and unless i 'm doing processor-intensive work ( like watching quicktime hd sample movies ) , the fan is never on .
it lets me focus on my work , rather than get distracted and annoyed at the grinding noise from the fan and hard drive.4 .
ease of use .
all the necessary plugs ( usb , firewire , etc ) are present .
more importantly , os x ( i 'm using 10.4 ) with the included ilife '05 productivity software is easy to learn , and based on my experience from windows pcs , makes me more productive quickly.5 .
software .
the os and the bundled software ( i mentioned them above ) do n't intrude , requiring constant attention and drivers to install when i plug in a camera for the first time .
they get out of my way , and they let me produce results .
it took me 30 mins to import photos , edit them , and make a dvd catalog ( browseable in safari ) and make a quicktime movie of a slideshow .
i was never able to do this on my old windows pc ( 3.4ghz p4 ) .6 .
value .
macs have generally higher resale value than other pcs .
it 's one company , versus hundreds of companies making , generally , the same computer , and so they gravitate towards pricing as the differentiator .
i sold my 6-month-old 14-inch ibook g4 at 80 % of the original price i paid .
that 's hard to do with any other pc or notebook.and we come to price .
at $ 2700 , it is expensive , there is no getting around it .
but when i compared to a comparable dell 17-inch notebook ( very nice , i must add ) , and added hardware and software features , resale value , plus considering ease of use and increased productivity , the $ 2700 in price is a bargain .
consider with a grain of salt , make your own comparisons and judgements .

1
it was a gift to me so i can finish writing a book .
it 's so lightweight that i carry it around with ease .
i am able to write in bed , too .
it 's really a blessing since i 'm on the go so much .
this laptop also performs wonderfully .
i love it .
i highly recommend it .

1
i just came back from a 3-day trip - my first travel experience with the macbook air .
i do own a first generation macbook pro and was honestly tempted at first to bring it along in case i need `` it '' .
`` it '' mainly referred to the dvd drive , built-in ethernet and perhaps superior hard-drive speed/access time .
i decided to go with the macbook air alone ( and the usb ethernet adapter ) - and see what happens.it went great .
first of all , the bag on my shoulder felt almost unreasonably light .
battery life was more than sufficient to support my three-hour flight with about 25 % of capacity left at the end .
connecting to the internet at the airport ( via wi-fi ) and in the hotel ( usb-ethernet adapter ) was a breeze ( note , however , that i did need the $ 29 usb-ethernet adapter ) .at the conference , laptop-envy abounded ... quite amazing , actually .
the reaction of someone who has never seen it to its size , sturdiness , and form factor is quite impressive.i ichatted with my family without problems with good quality video ; the systems overall felt a bit more responsive than my 2-year old macbook pro with the first-generation core duo chip.if you want a light , thin , sturdy laptop with full-size keyboard , a gorgeous screen , macos x ( 10.5 ) , and you do n't necessarily need a cd/dvd drive ( you can buy an external one , but somehow lugging this extra piece around somehow defies the purpose of the mba ) , and can put up with not `` optimal '' hard-drive performance , then the mba is exactly what you want !
i would buy the usb-ethernet adapter , though.if you need high-speed performance , firewire , a high-end graphics card , a built-in dvd/cd drive etc , then the mba is not for you - but i guess then you would not be looking at this page ... ; ) honestly , i could not be happier with my purchase .
my mb pro will be up on ebay soon ... update : i have been using my macbook air now for 4 weeks and have taken it on several trips .
this now allows me to update some of the comments made before.- battery life : i am quite happy with the battery life which easily allows 3-4 hours of text processing , powerpoint slide generation , and endnote work .
for me this mainly happens on flights which allows to lower the brightness of the led screen to save power .
i have not pushed my mba to play videos .
in fact , i have no digital entertainment files on it since these files can fill up the ( limited ) space on the drive quite fast.- ports : one usb port is not enough !
for instance , if you have to connect to the internet via usb adapter ( again , still indispensable ! )
, you block the one and only usb port - unless you carry a usb hub along ( belkin has a nice 4-port one with a swivel design , but quite pricey ) .
thus , i have added a small usb hub to my travel utensils.- design : the mba still turns heads and sparks comments .
in fact , on one of my flights the captain himself left the cockpit to take a look after one of the flight attendants had told him about the mba on my lap ... - heat : the mba is much cooler than my macbook pro .
you can easily keep it on your lap without feeling uncomfortable.my wish list for future mba generations : - at least 2 usb ports .
should be easy to do.- reconsider built-in ethernet - the usb adapter works fine , but blocks the one usb port at this point.- as soon as larger 1.8 '' drives ( hd or ssd ) are available , they will surely find its way into the mba to overcome some space limitations.- it might surprise some , but i honestly do not see a great need for a swapable battery .
i would leave it as is in order to keep the amazing form factor .

1
great product for the money you spendworks fast and never crashes or takes time to loadclean screen graphics and programs on computer

1
i read a lot of reviews on the web complaining about macbook air single usb port , lack of built-in ethernet port , external superdrive , etc .
as major issues ... come on !
this is an ultra portable , thin and light notebook , without compromising screen and keyboard sizes , plus amazing screen and multitouch technologies ... if you love breakthrough products , buy yours today !
: d

1
i bought the macbook air for my daughter who is a 'die hard ' mac person .
she uses her mac pro everyday for her work .
she has told me three times how much she loves this new laptop .
that makes the purchase a 10 .

1
i bought my macbook air mb003ll/a used from ebay .
ive always been a fan of apple , having an iphone and ipad and decided to leave windows behind a try a macbook .
buying a 5 year old laptop can definitely be a gamble .
once i received the laptop i automatically feel in love with the design and extreme lightweight feeling .
once i started using it i can tell a noticeable difference with the speed of this used 5 year old macbook and my 2 year old windows laptop .
the macbook is so much faster .
i use to think maybe my internet connection was just slow but no , windows was slow .
i am completely amazed at the quality .
i can see why people pay so much money for a macbook , it will definitely last longer than any other computer out there .
i am happy with my purchase .
bye bye windows !
!

1
this is them most incredible computer ever made .
it puts everything else to shame .
get one , you will love it and so will your back !
remote dvd drive works great , you will hardly notice it is not in your machine .
apple has the best engineering in the computer world .
it is sleek but so functional and super light .
i can lay in bed and have it on my stomach and hardly notice it is there .
you can bring it anywhere , read internet news on the can for that matter .
it is the first true portable computer .
everything else s & *ks in comparison now .
also it is cheap for what you get .
get one and finally go trully mobile !

1
let me start with a simple disclaimer , first i worked for apple ( a long time ago ) for 11 years , i also worked for microsoft for 6 years and i 'm pretty comfortable in both camps but i truly love apple for it 's design and combined hardware/software implementations .
i go through laptops pretty frequently and have owned umpc 's and full heavyweight desktop replacements .
having said all that , i think the macbook air is a home run if you fit the right profile .
the profile is that you want a device that you can carry around easily every day from meeting to meeting , home to work , travel , etc .
this is not the laptop for your sole machine , instead it 's truly the best device i 've every owned for taking notes , staying on top of email , doing some on the fly spreadsheet or database creation , watch ripped or downloaded movies , and generally working through a `` normal '' business day .
if you 're looking for a game machine , power photo processing or video processing laptop , or 1 pc to suit all your needs this is n't the right product .
but for me , it 's close to 100 % perfect , the battery life is good enough to get me through more than a couple of meetings , i can watch a movie that i rented on itunes or ripped on a flight , i can easily do all my email on a week long trip , and basically take the machine with me wherever i go without a big penalty in weight or size .
the display is super , the keyboard is wonderful , and i 'm personally fine with not having a user replaceable battery .
bottom line is that , if you are clear about what you need , and understand the trade off 's , the macbook air is a winner of a portable device .

1
its actually better than the best laptop ever .
this is one of the greatest pieces of electronics ever created.wish there was more hard drive memory , but if you store files online you dont really need all that much hard drive space.i also wish the battery life was better.but other than those two things its a must have.joel simkhai

1
i bought my airbook at the apple store on 5th avenue this evening and upon opening this beauty my first thought was : `` macbook nano '' my first thought on turning on : super screen !
i am a bright screen junkie and this screen is so much brighter than my old macbook.i have been a computer user for 13 years and a mac user for about 8 or 9 and there is just something about buying a mac that makes me giddy in a way buying a pc never did .
apple products truly are elegant and beautiful and make work seem less so .
.
.i 'm glad to see that the reviews here on amazon seem to be from actual airbook owners as opposed to those reviews i 've found elsewhere that are heavily weighed down by people who do n't even own it.the biggest complaints seem to be price and lack of optical drive.in regards to price i do n't really see the issue highly portable laptops are always priced at a premium and the similar offering on the pc side ( the sony vaio vz that appears to have ripped off the macbook 's keyboard design ) starts @ $ 2,199 for a 1.2ghz processor with a hard drive that is only 20gb bigger .
do i wish the airbook was cheaper ?
sure , but i 'm one of those people who will pay to shave 2 lbs .
off my travel weight.in regards to the lack of optical drive - wahoo !
for me it was a reason to buy this airbook .
i rarely use an optical drive these days.i do n't burn cd 's anymore i use an ipod.i do n't watch dvds anymore , i rip them in handbrake and watch them from the hard drive .
so i can rip the movie on my imac and transfer it via a memory card or a usb drive .
easy-peasy.99 % of the software i use can be downloaded from the net so no installation cd needed .
the one program i did need was ms office 2008 and the installation using my imac 's drive was flawless and straightforward.as many around the 'net have stated i ca n't imagine this being anyone 's primary computer but as a travel companion and for web-surfing , e-mail and documents mac fans need not hesitate.i have n't used any processor intensive programs such as photoshop or vmware but i do n't have to : that 's why i have my imac .
i 'm currently using my ab with a few firefox windows open with several tabs , ms excel , ms entourage and filemaker and all is running quite smooth.do i wish mac 's ultra-portable had a 11.1 or 12.1 '' screen instead of 13.3 '' making it even lighter with a smaller footprint ?
yes but i 'm reviewing what is not what i wish would be.i actually find myself looking forward to my first business trip with this puppy because i know that will make me love this bad boy even more.update : since the mba does n't seem as slow as i feared it might be i installed photoshop c3 and it works like a charm .
tried to install vmware but no dice - you need the external drive for that as vmware does n't recognize remote disc .
another observation not only does the mba run very quiet it runs very cool - i ca n't remember the last time a laptop did n't burn the cr*p out of my lap !

1
airbook is the best for travelingacross town or across the country !
i highly recommend it !

1
was one of the first to order this as it was just what i was looking for ... it 's stunning !
beautiful !
i noticed that i never used my dvd/cd drives so this laptop works perfect for me as i travel a lot and witheverything else i carry around , i do n't need a big clunky laptop in a big clunky case to carry around too.this laptop fits in my existing briefcase easily with my other inter-office envelopes !
like the iphone , its solidly built but not heavy .
i have no fear that it will break in my briefcase.i have been pondering for years to buy a 10 '' vaio from sony .
this is many times better with the large screen , full size keyboard , and of course mac os operating system means i do n't have to have an anti-virus software that slows my computer down to a crawl and screws up my computer every time it is upgraded .
its cheaper than the vaio i was going to buy also.this is perfect for me .
i have a few year old powerbook i keep at home , just in case , but i think i 'm going to have to turn that on every once in awhile to keep the battery going as i 'm using the mba all the time .

1
i have owned 3 previous macbooks , and the last one i owned before this one was the the 17in macbook pro which was an impressive machine , with an impressive weight .
after owning it for a few months i noticed that i would get home and my back would be in agony from carrying so much weight around dally .
i decided that was enough was enough , and i went down and i purchased my macbook air the day it came out.the macbook air is extremely light , thin and pretty sturdy .
my back-pain at the end of the day is gone and in fact i constantly forget i have it on my back ... one of the only problems i have had with its size is finding a backpack that does n't weight more than the air itself ( i ended up going with the buzz by tom bihn ) .i have edited thousands of photos in photoshop , put together movies with imovie and final cut express , written short stories , watched movies with eyetv and have done pretty much anything i did on my macbook pro .
that being said , it is a less powerful machine so i will sometimes see freezes , most which occur in safari ( which i no longer use ) .i have dropped it , thrown it on my couch , and carried it to 3 countries and 7 states .
i seriously can not understand people who are breaking these.. as i havent treated my exactly well , but i do understand it is a portable computer which are all delicate pieces of machinery.people invariably ask me questions about it when they see my in public , one is `` dont you miss your dvd drive ? ''
and my answer is always no .
i have the usb drive to install programs requiring a dvd , which i have needed maybe 5 times total .
people wonder how i can watch movies , and you know.. i no longer own any dvds ... i only watch digital movies now.. whats the point of wasting space in my house with dvds i may watch once or twice .
the other question people ask is about the air only having one usb port .
yes , this has been a bit annoying a few times ( especially since the air has a disabled usb port turned off inside of it ) , but i have gotten around this by carrying a tiny usb splitter , and have needed to use that maybe 3 times total.i have to admit however that i also have a full macpro , which i keep all of my files on and that the macbook air is my portable office .
i move everything that i have on it over the desktop when i am home , and am not sure i would be able to survive with only an 80 gb drive , but as i have 2 terabytes of data , i am sure you would understand why.if you are interested in buying this machine i would suggest staying away from solid state drives for now , as they are more expensive for the size and the failure rate appears to be higher than normal hard drives .
however , i love my air.if you are on the fence , i would suggest getting it !
but as with any apple , i would also get an extra year of apple care .
ive only needed it once in the last 10 or so years , but it saved my life ( and about 30,000 photos ) .

1
i have been a mac laptop user for years and year , most recently with a macbook pro .
in fact , i had switched to the macbook pro as my all-in-one computer for several years for work , home , and travel.boy , was that a mistake , and one that the macbook air has readily filled -- i now own an imac at home , and use the macbook air for travel and work .
i just love it .
it is so small and light , it makes no noticable difference in my carryon or work messenger bag .
even after many months of use , it still has the `` wow '' factor when people see it , something us apple geeks truly thrive on ... and it has all the features i need on the road.i did break down and buy the external superdrive , because it is just so much faster than using the remote disk feature on the mba .
in addition , i found that i use the ethernet usb adapter more ofter than not , since it is suprising how many hotels in the us and europe are not wireless -- order one with your mba and spare the hassle .
i think cupertino must run on a different system , since wireless is an amazing idea that might work there , but does not work in 90 percent of the rest of america.still , the speed it good , i do n't notice any major slowness , programs open zippily , run well , and everything just plain old works.i read a lot of reviews before buying , and i have to tell you , i have experienced zero of the problems that some write about .
i am very happy with this purchase .

1
wow !
is what comes to mind when i opened the box for the first time , its so shiny and it really is a piece of art more then a simple laptop.i found it more beautiful in person then i did on the ads , the black keyboard looks great , and again on the ad thought silver would have been better but no longer think that.being the 1.6/80 model everyone was saying the speed will be slow ... not true !
just sold my 2.2 macbook with 4g of ram , and this is almost the same.the screen , it is very bright more so then the current macbook , and to me seems much clearer.fans run at 2400 rpms , no noise or heat ... 48-57 degrees surfing and mail open.charges to full in 3.5 hours.the think that impresses me most is the built quality , i have had 6 apple laptops this year including the macbook pro and lots of macbooks , this is the best built by far.the track pad is so precise , and much better then my macbook.the thinness will amaze you.i am hooked : ) update : i was given a 1.8/64 as a gift and wrote a review , that might interest people trying to decide if the ssd drive or hhd drive is right for you [ ... ]

1
beautiful beautiful beautiful .
it 's an apple ; i work on music production as well as architectural graphic design on this thing and it keeps up with no issues .
did i mention it was beautiful ?

1
i purchased the this laptop because i wanted a super-portable computer with full functionality .
i used to leave my old laptop at home because i did n't want to carry its 6 pounds around with me all day just because i *might* use it .
now i take the mba with me everywhere and work when and where i want .
( i 'm a graduate student and i walk a lot . )
i 'm super impressed with the intuitive interface and the overall beauty of the machine - but note this is my first apple .
i am not concerned with what some people say are the limitations of this machine because i use it mainly for writing , reading documents and the internet .
the processing speed and hd space are very satisfactory for my needs.note : i applied the zagg invisible shield to the top and bottom of the laptop , because the aluminum is quite sensitive to scratches .

1
i just purchased this computer a week ago so i suppose things could change but at this point the computer has been great .
the portability was a huge factor for me as it should be for anybody contemplating the purchase of this laptop .
as a student i do n't really need this computer for much more than word documents , internet , email , itunes , and the occasional movie/youtube video .
speed has not been an issue - something i was n't sure about as i almost purchased the ssd option .
fortunately i did n't and this has been fine .
i ordered the superdrive just in case though i hav n't used it yet .
for installing microsoft office i used the remote disc drive and that worked absolutely fine .
so far the fan/overheating problem that other people were talking about has n't been an issue and the temp does get warm , but not hot enough to get laggy or be uncomfortable .
so far my two nitpicks are that the battery is n't great - 4+ hours of internet/itunes if the screen brightness is down all the way ... but i like to keep the brightness at at least 50 % .
the other thing is that the screen hinge design does n't allow the screen to go very far back .
as far as the port limitations go the only thing i use is audio jack , usb , and ethernet at school but there 's wifi too .
i did order the ethernet dongle just in case .
an ethernet cable and maybe one more usb ( tho that too is n't too big of a deal for me ) would be nice , but still , i 'm totally happy with my purchase : )

1
true ... it is not for everyone.but if you know what u want and are willing to sacrifice some stuff , in order to get other benefits not found in other laptops .
go for it.enjoy.a .

1
it had to take the wonder kid of my generation to think of an untralightweight laptop that you can carry with you anytime .
i did not have to consider other smaller units like the hp mininotebook which is miles behind in speed and capacity , etc.the single usb port should not be a prob .
i bought more expensive laptop units in the past and and all pale in comparison with my mba .
i am certain a 2.0 or 2.4 ghz will be in the market soon , but i can not wait .

1
i 've had my macbook air for over two weeks now and it continues to amaze me .
i bought it to replace an almost 5 year old 17 '' powerbook and the first thing that struck me was how light it felt on my lap .
it 's almost like it is n't even there .
i bought the 64 gig ssd version and the second thing that struck me was how cool the computer felt .
literally .
my powerbook would become uncomfortably hot after a while but the mba remains cool the whole time i use it .
this may be a function of the ssd not having any moving parts but it certainly is welcome , especially for prolonged web-browsing on the couch.several other things make this my best laptop .
first , it wakes up in a snap when i open the lid , although it does take a few seconds to find the wireless network .
as others have mentioned , the screen is bright and absolutely gorgeous .
i was a little nervous about these 52 year old eyes reading on the small screen but no problem at all so far .
watching downloaded movies and tv shows is a pleasure .
the computer is plenty powerful for my needs .
i use a laptop for web-surfing , watching videos , office type applications and making presentations and the mba is just fine for this .
i have an imac for heavier duty applications like photoshop and video creation.last week i flew with my mba on commuter planes , the ultimate test for any laptop .
it was great replacing my heavy powerbook with something so light and easy to handle .
i did n't do any work on the plane ( i find it hard to work while flying ) but i did watch videos and the computer opened up sufficiently to allow me to enjoy what i was watching .
plus it was easy to store under the seat for takeoff and landing .
and as an added benefit , two flight attendants came up to me to ogle my mba and chat with me .
that never happened when i had a dell !
i bought the external dvd drive and used it to load some software .
the lack of a built-in drive is no issue for me .
neither is the port `` shortage '' .
i 've never had more than one usb device hooked up to a laptop at a time anyway and i do n't need firewire .
so apple 's compromise is no compromise at all for me.so if your needs are like mine i 'd urge you to strongly consider the mba .
it 's pricey in my configuration- although i did get the 10 % education discount available through apple- but if you plan to keep it for years like i do it 's less of an issue .
it 's light , stylish , highly functional and fun to use .
what more can you ask for ?

1
love my laptop .
absolutely no problems in setting up and have been a happy lil photographer using it to edit my pics .

1
switched over a year ago and am never going back to a pc !

1
faster mac & windows together without problems running too faster and running windows xp pro ( autocad , 3d punch , powerpoint ) and in the ox x 10.4.8 ( photoshop cs2 , ilustrator , itunes and more ) really

1
design : i 've had this macbook pro for 2 weeks now , and i 'm still loving it .
the design of the system is excellent .
the trackpad and keyboard are the best i 've ever used ; very smooth and accurate .
the battery life is very good especially with the excellent power saving features of osx .
this computer always feels ready to go .
the illumianted keyboard is awesome.heat : heat was one of my main concerns because of all the reviews about it .
while transcoding video i have been able to get the notebook to heat up .
the portions above the keyboard have gotten hot , but not hot enough that i could n't touch it .
i have seen the fans were running around 3000-3500 rpm during this time .
i could not hear any considerable noise difference from the fans .
i do not use the notebook on my lap , so i ca n't speak to that regard , but the heat levels seem completely acceptable given the amount of processing taking place .
the hotest spot feels to be right above the f6 .
the left hand rest area is body temperature warm due to hard drive activity and the right hand rest area is cool since the dvd was not running at the time.value : i have been looking at getting a macbook for the past 6 months .
i repeatedly compared hardware to hardware of other venders ( i.e .
dell , hp , sony , etc . )
the price/hardware ratio was always comparable to the other venders , and often times less .
the value of the hardware for the money is very good.software : this is my first mac , and so far i 'm am very pleased .
i am a long time linux user , so i 'm comfortable having a unix based os , and all the opensource software i know and love works on this as well.i have zero complaints about this product , but if i had to be picky i would request that the very cool remote was bluetooth instead of ir .
: ) great job apple !
!
!

1
i owned an apple powerbook g4 before , and unfortunately i had also 2 pc 's at home , and there is nothing to compare.using the mac is a total experience , in everything - especially the small details .
it is fast .
so fast !
the screen is brighter than any other screen i have seen .
the power cord is very safe , since i know my computer will not drop .
the wireless card has better reception than other computers , the sound quality is better , the battery recharges faster and holds for longer , compared to other laptops ( we have a gateway pc and a powerbook g4 , but also compared to friends ) .notice , i am not talking about the incredible os , or the other temptations .
it is just the best machine out there , for everything.put the os on top of it , and you get a perfect user experience.especially that using bootcamp or other softwares you can now run windows on it.i never wrote a recommendation without reservations , but here is one .
i may not be crazy on the apple as a company , and the way they monopolize the mp3 market ( in the same way the ms is doing to pc 's ) , but when it comes to this product , it is simply great .

1
just purchased and received my macbook pro .
one-day shipping was only $ 3.99 with amazon prime .
i wanted to let other buyers know that this macbook pro comes with the anti-glare screen .
for those who prefer the glossy , look elsewhere .
the amazon rep did n't know and the product description did n't specify this info .

1
this is the best laptop i ever own i love it such a great laptop !
!
!
worth evey dollar of it !

1
best laptop i have ever used hands down .
good bye windows , and especially that horrible vista ( aka windows me version 2 aka crap ) .
the construction quality is unbelievable in this laptop .
it runs cool , the screen is amazing ( looks like peering into an aquarium ! )
, it 's fast , stable and just a beast !
i 've been using computers since 1994 , and i got my first laptop in 2000 .
blows any hp or dell laptop out of the water , without a doubt !

1
perhaps it 's premature to rate a product after only a weekend of using it , but so far my 2.33 ghz core 2 duo macbook pro shines.i bought this laptop to replace my old windows xp desktop .
the first thing i did when i got this laptop is re-installed os x .
this may sound like a strange thing to do to a new machine , but the macbook pro comes with a lot of pre-installed languages , printer drivers , and trial applications that do nothing but waste space .
my disk had about 19 gb of stuff on it out of the box ; after the clean install i had that down to 4 gb .
a few gb saved does n't matter much in a desktop , but when you are limited to 120gb , every little bit matters.despite the hype i 'm not a big fan of os x , so i 'm primarily running windows xp using apple 's boot camp product , which allows just that .
( i may not like os x much , but apple 's hardware is first-rate , which is why i bought an apple laptop to run windows . )
i had no trouble setting up a 100gb partition for windows and installing the xp operating system was just like any other pc .
the boot camp 1.1.2 drivers seem to work , though there are a few glitches you can read about on apple site .
it 's beta software after all , so there are bound to be growing pains , though there are n't any show stoppers .
all the important stuff works with xp under boot camp : wireless , bluetooth , audio , and above all the display drivers ( my need for 3d acceleration is why i went with boot camp over parallels ) .
even firewire 800 operates at full speed under xp , at least with external hard drives , which i was n't expecting because xp has some known issues with fw800 .
apple seems to have taken care of everything , and i look forward to the final version .
there are still a few minor things missing , like the back-lit keyboard , which works under os x but not yet under xp.anyway , so far this is a gorgeous laptop for os x or windows xp .

1
without question , the macbook pro core 2 duo is the best computer i 've ever used .
this is the best thing i can say about any computer : it just finds a way to do what you need it to do .
got a pc file you need to open in os x ?
no problem .
want to run streaming video that 's built specifically for pc 's ?
here 's a bridge you can download .
need to run windows -- and all of your windows applications -- natively ?
now you can.having said that , i should also state that i ran away from mac for years because i felt jilted by their claims ( ultimately false ) that you could run both mac applications and pc applications on a powerpc .
the powerpc environment was an artificial environment , unstable , clunky , slow , frustrating.this macbook pro is a quantum leap in computing .
it 's the perfect combination of software ( os x ) hardware and out-of-the-box usability .
until i purchased my mbp c2d , i had n't found a computer yet that could keep up with me .
i have a job where i need to keep multiple applications open simultaneously for long periods of time , switching between them frequently and importing and exporting large files.i do have three complaints .
first , the keyboard is a little awkward .
i thought it might be because of my large male hands , but my girlfriend dislikes the keyboard even more than i do .
this is a minor issue that i can live with .
second , i wish it had a couple of extra usb ports , but i 've gone totally wireless , so even that 's not a major issue .
third , the speakers pretty much suck .
do n't plan to get any great sound quality out of your tunes unless you wirelessly link to your home stereo.finally , apple has made computing fun again .
from widgets to intuitive wi-fi to all of the free software applications you can download to extend your computer 's functionality ( and have a lot of fun ) , the macbook pro will have you enjoying your work again .

1
i am thrilled with my new macbook - so far no problems at all .

1
this is the best laptop i have owned .
i switched from windows and am very happy with my decision .
apple 's attention to detail shows in both the hardware design and os x .

1
i love this computer .
i 've used pcs for years and decided to switch to the mac because of the graphic and display capabilities .
the macbook pro is a very elegant machine .
i loaded microsoft windows xp on the machine using boot camp , and comparing the process of installation and set for the two systems : mac osx and windows , the mac system blows windows out of the water.this is a wonderful computer and if you are considering switching to the mac from a pc , do it.i did a lot of research and yes i did encounter some glitches in installation process and linking all my existing hardware to the mac , but in the end , i always found what i needed online via the numerous forums online .

1
well , i converted to a mac .
the past couple dells and the sony vaio had served us well , but microsoft was seriously bogging us down with security updates and the like and i needed a fresh approach to my computer life.if you have comcast service , the setup is not the best .
comcast has some quirky setup issues .
my belkin wireless router actually had a help item on how to set up with comcast.the power of advertising does work .
what you see in the apple commercials is what i felt like between the pc and mac comparisons .
the bloated pc - that was me .
the cart full of pc errors - that was me .
the easy going mac - that is me now .

1
works great , does n't get hot like the older version , i did n't see more than 65 degrees celcius , but it is more like 45 degrees all the time ( except you are using that nifty powerpc applications ) ..windows xp works very fast under parallels also.. thanks to apple again for this products , as a web designer i could also look at windows and apple at the same time for browser bugs..it is not that much expensive for this product anymore , comparing with pc 's with same spec's..

1
i really love this notebook , the camera is nice in it .
this is my first mac and the switch over from pc to mac is a good thing to do .
macs are really easy to use and the programs run much nicer on them .
i will give this notebook 10 stars if i could

1
i 'm serious : this was , and still is , the best computer i 've ever owned .
i started with pc when windows 3.0 was the big thing .
i upgraded to windows 3.11 ( windows 3.1 with networking tools that i never used ) and was disappointed to find exactly all the same problems that 3.0 had .
i lived through dos and although i liked it much better than windows i knew there had to be a better option for a computer interface out there .
after suffering through windows 95 and 98 my new ( er ) pc finally died ... on its own one day it crashed and that was it .
i was done with windows and all the frustration that users are just expected to deal with .
i bought my first mac , a g4 ( power pc ) desktop with os x 10.2 ( jaguar ) , and immediately i was sold ... i 'm a mac person for life ... or the rest of it anyway .
i ca n't say 10.2 was the best operating system ( os x did n't really become neat and polished , or even clean , until 10.4 ( tiger ) ) but it never had any of the issues pc had .
i 'll admit that with 10.2 i had to reinstall the os a few times but each and every single reinstall all my files were right where they were before .
it was as if i never reinstalled anything and there was never an issue .
on all of the pcs i 've ever had if i reinstalled windows every single file was guaranteed to be lost 100 % .
anyway , my g4 was thousands of times better than any of the previous pcs i had and i loved it to death , but i never thought my macbook pro would be thousands of times better than my g4 .
i 've used it almost every single day for 5 years .
i 've done everything from audio/video production ( final cut pro/soundtrack pro ) to watching hours of netflix and so on ... let 's just say , if this were a pc i 'd have used it to death by now .
currently my fianc & eacute ; uses it because i have since upgraded to a mac pro desktop model ... only because i needed to for work ( videographer ) .
she loves it .
i have installed all the latest os upgrades from 10.4 - 10.7.2 ( lion ) and have had zero issues with any of them .
i 've installed a second hard drive , only because i needed more space and still use the original one as an external drive .
the original hard drive is still functioning 5 years later .
i bought a seagate external drive and got 3 years out of it and it died on me .
i used both hard drives just as rigorously so i think it 's safe to say that mac builds a good hard drive ... or at least uses sturdy reliable third party hard drives in their machines .
i love mac , especially my 2007 macbook pro ... the best computer i 've ever owned.this model does have 2 minor issues though : 1 .
the video card can suddenly stop working in some computers .
to fix it you just take it to the mac store with your original receipt ( and what sane person would throw a receipt for a $ 2200+ computer away ) and they 'll fix it under warranty .
2 .
the battery can get to a point , within 2 years of use , where it will no longer accept a charge and the computer no longer recognizes that it even exists .
a laptop battery should get you significantly more than 2 years .
you can get good 3rd party batteries for less than $ 40 that do not have this issue.currently i own a mac pro with 4tb raided internal hard drive space ( 4 2tb hard drives ) , 14 gb 1066 mhz ddr3 ram , 2 x 2.93 ghz quad-core intel xeon processor ( 8 core model ) , ati radeon hd 4870 512 mb graphics card , a 1920 x 1080 hd monitor , with mac os x lion 10.7.2 ( 11c74 ) .

1
as others have said this is an excellent machine and i have had no problems with it so i am going to skip the obvious and get to the point .
as a photographer i decided that i would purchase the matte screen .
the matte screen has a better viewing angle which is very imporant when evaluating exposure and color adjustments .
my wife has a standard macbook which comes with the glossy screen .
side by side the same image does appear more vivid on the macbook however , if you are not looking at the screen from the ideal position the brightness and contrast fall off remarkably.another thing i find annoying when working with the glossy screen are reflections .
most of the time i do n't notice them but when i am evaluating the detail in a photo the subtle reflections from lights or other things catch my eye every time.as a parting note , if you still ca n't decide between the two screen types you can always pick one and find an external display with the opposite coating to have the best of both worlds .

1
to be honest i find my new macbook pro kind of sexy actually i love it , its has everything i need , lots of persons asked me if i have troubles with the compability between windows and mac and to be honest i dont have any and i dont even care about windows any longer ths is the future is simple is great is mac .

1
good product but delivery was a little slow

1
i used a mac a few years ago ( powerbook 3400 ) , but i 've mostly used pcs , crawling along with the various flavors of windows .
i decided it was time to upgrade , and decided to switch to a mac .
this 17 '' macbook pro is such a refreshing change ... both on the software and hardware fronts.the hardware is nicely designed .
screen is nice & sharp , the aluminum chassis is quite striking , and the whole design is just classy & clean .
it has some nice apple touches , such as the mag-safe power plug ( which works very well ) , display latches that hide away when the screen is open , and a keyboard that glows when the ambient light is low .
performance-wise , this laptop is quite peppy with everything i 've thrown at it so far.software-wise , i really like os x .
everything just works -- and works quickly and smoothly .
in contrast , i still have a pc desktop ( both at home & at work ) , and i just get tired at how slowly things can run at times , and the error messages that pop up regularly .
even so , i just finished installing windows xp mce using apple 's boot camp , mostly just because i 'm a big flight simulator fan .
it runs really well on this macbook , even at the highest levels of detail , no doubt due to the robust cpu , large amount of memory , and powerful graphics processor .
all the built-in applications that apple includes ( ilife '06 ) are really nice , i 'm still just scratching the surface on all they have to offer.you 'll be hard-pressed to find a better laptop package -- pc or mac .

1
i got my core 2 duo macbook pro just two weeks after they were announced and have never had a single complaint .
it 's a beautiful machine , blazingly fast , not a single crash etc etc etc .
to demonstrate to some friends just how powerful it is , i went to the applications folder hit command-a for select all then command-o for open .
there was about a ten second pause , and then they all just opened up .
every single app.here 's another fun example .
i was helping a friend with his digital photos .
i loaded them up in iphoto and started sorting them .
some of them were just horrible .
you could see glowing red eyes and an overhead light , everything else was black .
two seconds later you could see that it was a man playing ping pong , two friends standing by the window with beer cups in hand , and that the carpet was green .
this got gasps of amazement .
the dvd i made for him got some `` wow '' 's too .
amasing machine , amazing software .

1
i strayed from the path for a number of years and suffered the windows consequences .
what can i say ?
i wanted to be compatible .
this computer brought me back into the fold .
with it and the underlying intel processor , you can be compatible when you need to be , which these days is n't often .
the web has brought us all together .
this computer is fast , quiet , has a great display and lots of extras that only apple delivers , like : - the magnetic power cord that prevents you from pulling your computer off your desk , table , or tray table.- the dvi connector that allows you to use your flat panel monitor at full resolution as an extension of the built-in display.- a backlit keyboard that helps you see the keys in dim light.- a built-in camera that let 's you take pictures of yourself for web sites , passports , etc.- the ability to create pdfs from almost any file without buying acrobat pro.- built-in address book , email , calendar , web site builder , music simulator , movie editor , etc.- and more that i 've forgotten.in fairness , i did have a problem with this computer - bad memory - that caused me to take it for an overnight stay at my local mac shop .
since then , it 's performed flawlessly .
why get the pro instead of the macbook ?
bigger display , accepts more memory , metal case , magnetic power cord .
this is the best computer i 've ever had and i suspect it will be that for you , too .
once you join the mac crowd , you 'll wonder why you suffered for so long ...

1
this is not the last model , but only change the video card ... not a big deal .
for this price is the best choice .

1
i just received my new macbook pro 15 '' last week and i am nothing but impressed .
the finish on it is amazing and it looks spectacular all aroundhere are some key points that i really enjoy or dislikepros-looks great-battery life is the best out of any notebook i have and the battery remaining time is pretty accurate.-built in eyesight is very fun and clever.- i love how light it is-i can go on but this will be a very long listcons-my biggest peeve about this whole transaction was that amazon shipped the item via ups which was n't a problem to me .
but when i received the package it looked like they kicked my $ 2,500 computer around .
now this probably is not amazons fault , but i called anyway to let them know and they could n't care less .
overall , i would probably not buy from amazon ever again.-the screen could be just a tad brighter

1
a sentence like above 's was written on the first page of the ridiculously small user 's guide .
and it came to be more than apple 's vanity : for me , it was absolutely true.there 's so much to say about having a macbook pro at my fingertips ... every aspect of it seems to be chiseled by angels .
i did n't enjoy a laptop trackpad before meeting this , with that nice two-finger scrolling feature , which brutally beats the scrolling wheel of my bluetooth mouse and those clumsy trackpad scroll bars found on most laptop pcs.the keyboard is literally delicious to my touch , and that keyboard backlighting feaure is pure genius .
its aluminium case is both beautiful and resistant .
and , of course , there 's the issue of real speed , courtesy of the 2.16 ghz core 2 duo .
besides , mac os x is a truly reliable operating system , free of those virus menaces that plague windows .
the ilife suite is amazing.there 's nothing you ca n't do on this nice computer .
do yourself a favor : simplifiy your life , and buy a mac .

1
this is the ultimate laptop.this macbook pro model is fully loaded , including its camera , reasonable speakers , a comfortable keyboard , fast processor , ram , hard disk space , and even a remote control .
i tried to build a comparable windows pc on dell , hp and lenovo sites .
those machines always ended up with a higher price than the macbook pro ( mbp ) because of all of the upgrades required to get equivalent equipment and software to what is included on the mbp.i love the mac os ( 10.4.9 ) but also have limited needs for windows-based software .
i tried using virtual pc on a g4 imac but found the performance painfully slow .
finally , i gave in and bought this machine .
it really is like getting 2 computers in one .
usingparallels desktop for mac ( intel mac ) withmicrosoft windows xp home edition full version with sp2i am able to have windows functionality while still using all of the other great apple software .
do n't forget to download the latest version of parallels , as there have been significant improvements and fixes to the software since the version which is in the box.for mac devotees this is a great machine , but for someone who still needs to keep one foot on each side of the os fence , this laptop is truly amazing !

1
my third apple laptop .
the price stays the same , but you get more and more .
160 gig drive , 2 gig ram .
still 6 lbs or so and 1 inch thick .
still weighing parallels vs. boot camp for winxp , but i may never buy another pc .
os 10.5 and adobe cs3 will seal the deal .

1
i 'm a microsoft certified software developer by trade , and have been a die hard pc zealot for a long time .
once apple made the move to the intel architecture and boot camp was released , i made the decision to give apple and os x a try .
i 'm now a mac convert.the system is , hands down , the best system i 've ever owned .
its speed is nearly unmatched .
it 's extremely responsive .
the quickness with which it goes to/resumes from sleep is amazing ( about 3 seconds from lid open to completely usable ) .
in this configuration with 2gb ram and the 2.33ghz c2d , the system rarely if ever suffers from slowdown , no matter what i 'm doing with it.the aesthetics are a whole other story .
everything about the system screams quality and class .
it looks beautiful , it behaves beautifully , and apple 's mac osx is hands down the most elegant and useful operating system i 've ever used.with boot camp from apple , windows xp installs and runs effortlessly .
even though i 've installed windows xp sp2 and visual studio , i find myself booting into windows less and less.coming from a recent mac convert , if you have n't given a mac a try , this is the machine to buy .
especially since you can install windows xp ( and vista , in the future ) , you can still run your windows applications if need be .
there 's no excuse not to try it .
you will not regret the decision .

1
this system is dangerous - you could start enjoying computing so much that you forget you are working .
the attention to little details adds up to more than the sum of its parts .
the keyboard is quiet , lights up , and feels good to use .
the battery meter tells the truth and gives time remaining or left to charge , not some vague percentage .
the system is not plagued by constant viruses and spyware .
you can focus on getting your work done without the stressed out feeling of constantly battling your system or fearing that something will randomly blow up on you .
while it takes some getting used to , the power user will discover that everything they need is there and they do not need to buy 10 other products to get the job done ( all of which introduce performance and other problems ) .
the bottom line is - at $ 200 a pop for a complete and stable os on 5 systems , or $ 600 for unlimited server licenses , you save money on maintenance , filling in capability gaps , and grief counseling that you would spend on a pc .
parallels really does an excellent job running windows if you need it .
unix is right there under the hood with robust , stable , well thought-out capabilities that do not compromise security or performance .
you will enjoy it .
buy it .
it is n't perfect , but you will appreciate the genuine quality and be glad you did .

1
i just buy a 15 ' , very cool and no noise , no problems in other reviews.i show it to roomates , one of them just ask if only apple has screen that can show movie with this pleasureful color.the performance is very good , no problem on mulit-task .

1
i purchased this to replace a 5-year old ti powerbook which died after 5 years of dedicated service .
i have never had any major problems with the computer .
not to say that i never had any problems ; i just did n't have any problems that i could n't correct or fix .
i am not going to debate which os is better - mac or windows .
there is enought debate between the 2 sides with each one claimng their preference is better .
what i know is this - mac os x works for me .
i prefer its elegance and simplicity .
there is nothing that i need that is n't available on the mac .
and i am extremely satisfied with this new macbook pro .
it is extremely fast compared to my previous powerbook .
i like the updates to the various apple software products .
my previous os x was jaguar and i like tiger tremendously .
especially the 'widgets ' .
the screen is beautiful .
i do n't see any 'graininess ' that i have read about on various forums .
i like the dvd burner .
i like everything about it !
no complains .
i would recommend this to anyone .

1
as a dedicated pc user who 's bought a lot of top end , windows based desktops and laptops over the years i recently bought a fully spec 'd 17 '' macbook pro ( 3 megabyte ram ) to see what the fuss was about .
so what happened ?
well , right from that first start-up you 're into the mac 's `` it 's so easy '' world and , once you 've installed all those pretty & clever widgets , got over the `` it looks a bit too funky for me '' reaction to the , actually , extremely useful docking bar , realised that installation of your applications is as simple as they claim , eventually , after much searching on the internet , found someone kind enough to explain how you emulate the macbook pro 's one ridiculous weakness - the missing `` delete '' key ( you hold down the `` fn '' & `` backspace '' keys at the same time ) - and had a week of installing huge amounts of programs , coupled with a lot of messing about , without a single `` crash '' or `` freeze '' and with no obvious delays to the impressively quick start-up sequence , you 're where you hoped you 'd be ... which is , from bitter experience , a pretty unusual experience with a new windows pc.but , once over the `` i think i 've fallen in love '' phase , it 's time for a more sensible evaluation of how the things work on a day-to-day basis for a windows user .
first off , the big disappointments ... those staple programs of your pc either do n't look too great on the mac ( word & excel ) , are difficult to emulate in mac dedicated software ( outlook in particular ) , do n't work on it at all ( ms publisher , autoroute and the wonderful digiguide ) , or , in the case of adobe photoshop & indesign , run noticeably slower ... is n't the mac supposed to be the best thing out there for imaging & dtp ?
sure , the imminent new releases of both adobe programs are supposed to rectify this problem but hey , we 're on a top end machine here with the current versions of two of the mac 's `` signature '' programs.and the good news ?
well , apple 's `` pages '' is an incompatible but wonderfully powerful alternative to publisher - you wo n't want to go back - the mac 's utilities ( hidden in the applications folder ) are simple to use and brilliantly effective , the installation of a wireless network using airport extreme & express units is remarkably straightforward , that is once you 've figured out that you use the mac ( not any of the pc 's connected to the network ) as the machine on which the configuration settings are made , and the whole `` feel '' of the osx environment inspires confidence , making you want to keep exploring new mac applications.but that 's only the start of it ... because what makes this machine so stunningly impressive for any windows user is what it does once you install and correctly configure `` parallels '' , the mac 's recently released `` killer '' application that lets you run windows as though it 's just another mac application .
quite simply , it converts this macbook into the fastest , highest resolution windows laptop i 've ever used .
set the screen resolution in the windows `` window '' to 1538 x 921 pixels , make sure that the parallels tools are installed correctly , select `` full screen '' mode and there it is ... quite amazing ... looks better than the any laptop you 've ever seen ( better than the macbook pro in mac mode itself ) , works like a pc , lets you seamlessly transfer files between the mac window and the pc window , and transforms your windows versions of word , excel , publisher and even photoshop into the most beautiful experiences .
and , when you get bored with your windows programs you 're only a keystroke away from watching the screen flip round to reveal your mac.mac `` geeks '' may continue to argue that osx is better than windows but the truth is that apple have produced the perfect solution ... a laptop that runs osx at its highest levels and windows at a level that 's as good as and possibly better than any dedicated pc laptop out there .
incredible .

1
i recently switched to mac and have not looked back.granted you do need some time and effort to learn apple if you are a pc user .
but that effort will be rewarded with the time that you save in the future .
the mac starts really fast ( the time of loading up will be an unpleasant memory , it ( almost ) never freezes or brakes down and it is actually fun to use .
for example , iphoto is on of the best functions if you deal with digital photography.the design of this notebook is stunning .
even more stunning is its perfomance .
the best aspect is its battery that can actually give you over three hours of operation .
of course it depens how many programs you run at the same time- but there is no comparison with a pc.only drawback is that not all pc programs run on it .
the choice , though of apple programs wo n't leave you disappointed .

1
it 's thin , light weight and very fast .
plus it runs windows ( if you must )

1
i am incredibly happy with my macbook pro .
i switched to mac last year and i just now upgraded from a macbook to a macbook pro .
i personally believe that the regular macbook suffers a speed impediment from the low quality integrated graphics .
the screen on the macbook was really great for a compact screen , but this 15 '' is dreamy and is large enough to do anything you 'd want to do .
i dual boot into windows , run parallels , and i just go crazy on this fabulous machine .
yay !
if you are reading my review , you may like to know that mac core 2 duo 's are 802.11n upgradeable , the core duo ( without a `` 2 '' ) are not going to be 802.11n upgradeable .

1
i upgraded to this macbook pro after using the 15 '' powerbook for three years -- all i can say is that this machine is simply amazing .
the speed is topnotch , the screen clear and bright , the battery life good .
it comes with all the bells and whistles ( incuding ilife pre-installed ) .
the keyboard is easy to use , and the light-sensor works like a charm in low light .
works right out of the box - just open and start using .
note that you will need to get either iworks or ms office for mac to have word processing and spread sheet capabilities .
also invest in a good protective case for your 2500 dollar investment .
note that like previous apple notebooks , it does not fully support 3d graphics even when running under boot camp and running windows .
but , personally , shame on anyone who ruins their mac experience by relying on any windows software on their system .
but for those that need to run windows as well as os x , the ease of using it under this system is a dream .
while on the topic of windows -- you will need to pay for a program called parallel desktop in order to run windows under mac - otherwise you need to reboot to get back into os x or reboot to bet back into boot camp .
parallels works like a charm though .
one final note : if you use a ms windows mobile 5.0 smartphone or pda phone , you will still need to purchase missing sync separately in order to sync your phone as mac still supports only palm interfaces .

1
i usually dont do reviews on products but this is worth it .
just opening up the box and looking at this machine you can tell right away the design blows away the competition .
its not cheeseburger thich and clunky like all the other pc vendors out there .
then there is a lot of little things apple does .
take for instance the built in camera that is of decent quality or the ambient censored light behind the keyboard .
as far as the operating system goes , who wouldnt like a operating system that doesnt crash and get virus 's .
its nice that i dont have to run all those apps on my macbook pro .
no spyware or antivirus here !
plus you can run windows !
full speed no emulation .
one machine that can do everything !

1
fantastic ... love it !
does everything i need it to with the most intensive applications .
apple is right on both with design and function .

1
i used to be a pc chick .
this macbook pro does it all .
you definately get what you pay for .
pricy but so worth it .
once you switch to mac , you will never go back to pc again .

1
ok if you are reading this then you are curious about macs .
well first off i must have spent 6 months looking at all the notebooks i could find , reading reviews and testing notebooks at the store .
owning this computer is like a dream come true .
its smart , intuitive , creative and beautiful .
it has exceded my expectations and im only just begining to understand all of the cool editing features for videos , pictures and music .
if you really think vista is the way to go then do the test .
try it out then play around with a mac and you will be just like me ... long time pc user who went mac and never went back !
!
i also picked the 2.16 for the longer battery life and cheaper price .

1
very good quality and i love the mac .
much better than a pc .
great item and service .

1
well the ole dell inspiron needed to be upgraded and the macbook pro just had the package that fit .
try to price another laptop with all the bells and whistles that this mac has and see how comperable the price is !
!
!
then try to make it dual-boot.i 've had my macbook pro for almost a month now and am loving it .
watched some movies , played some games and oh yeah done some work too !
currently running the system with bootcamp and it 's like i 've got two systems .
running the mac os obviously and windows vista .
bootcamp currently does n't support vista with the driver cd-rom that is created during configuration , but you can have the drivers extracted to a folder by using '/v/a ' parameters after the installer executable .
also runningparallels desktop for mac ( intel mac ) with a windows xp pro , this creates a virtual machine that will run within your mac os boot .
parallels also allows running a bootcamp partition within the mac envrionment ; but currently does not support vista in the way .
vista is only supported as a virtual machine .
parallels will not support this environment until bootcamp officially supports vista.so , if your continually working in cross platforms ; this is definetly the way to go !
i 'm working on software development projects that support both mac and windows platforms and this setup has made life easier.one oops that is not a huge deal for me and i had not thought about was ; i had a small supply of mini cd-r disks for content that did not use a full size disk .
the mini cd-r 's do n't work in the slot loading drive of the mac .

1
i had purchased a core duo mbp just 9 days before apple announced the core 2 duo line , so i returned my original and swapped out for a new one .
the new mbp -- or at least the unit i bought -- seems to have fixed many quality control issues and improved upon the last one 's features .
for example , whereas my old mbp ran extremely hot ( a common complaint about that model ) , the new c2d product runs cooler than almost any other laptop i 've ever used .
the old one 's lid did n't close flush on both sides ( noticeable gap on the left side ) , whereas this one does .
excessive fan noise had been a problem ; this one is extremely quiet .
the infamous mbp `` screen hum '' had afflicted my core duo model , whereas it 's never present on this one , no matter what the screen 's brightness is set to .
as for a few complaints i 've read about inconsistent backlighting on the lcd on both models , i never had that problem on either one .
the lcd is extremely bright and provides an excellent display .
it 's less than perfect because contrast falls off too quickly with only minor changes in viewing angle ( matte screen ) , but a minor gripe.simply put , i think apple got it right on this second rev , in terms of build quality etc .
by far the nicest laptop i 've ever owned .

1
i purchased this based on three reasons.- 4.5 star laptopmag.com review ( of the older 4500 ) - tons of positive user reviews- after extensive research , it was by far the best valueyou simply can not get a laptop for around $ 1200 that has all this : - 100g hdd- 1g of ram- windows xp professional ( not home edition ! )
- a decent processor ( non celeron ! )
- dvdr/rwi am impressed by the quality of the material of this laptop .
it is sturdy and you can tell it is well put together .
i 've heard negative reviews about acer support .
however , this was not a big factor in my purchasing decision .
i contacted them via email about the laptop and they got back to me in about 3 business days .
their response was very professional and they answered my question to my satisfaction .
i was surprised the hard drive came partitioned already .
that shows that they really pay attention to the little things too.i bought a tdk bluetooth pc card for $ 15 and got a bluetooth mouse up and running instantly .
i was thinking i had to change a lot of the software and configuration when i got it but i did n't .
it was ready out of the box .
wireless 54g was a breeze.the only cons about it for me ( and i 'm knit-picking here ) is the slow hard drive ( sub 7200 rpm ) which means slow boot times .
ut2004 played well 1 on 1 but not multiplayer .
if that bothers you , you will have to spend a lot more money.this is an awesome machine for people who are not sure what they want , or if they want the best of all worlds .
the laptop looks sharp , battery life is good , it 's not too heavy , and 15 inches of screen was adequate for me.highly recommended !
!
!

1
i own this for 2 months and i am very satisfied .
i had no problems and dvd runs and burns very well.battery runs up to 7 hours ( no kidding , at low brightness ) fast enough to do anything , 1gb ram is fantastic and 100 gig hard drive is awesome .

1
before i begin this review i 'd like you the reader to know that this is my first mac - i 've been set free from the pc world for the most part now and it is awesome !
i brag to my co-workers about how nice it is to use the mac os over windows .
i can see now what everyone before me has talked about in their reviews of apple 's computers .
it take a little patience to learn the apple os , but in no more than one week you should be feeling confident while moving around in the apple world.the macbook pro has essentially everything you could want in one , well-designed package .
to say this is a really great computer is an understatement .
i highly recommend it .
i enjoy all the little additions that apple has put into it the design that make it so user friendly.major features of this computer are the illuminated keyboard , the built-in isight camera ( which is really fun especially with kids ) , built-in bluetooth , and its ultra-sharp lcd screen make it very attractive to someone looking to buy a new computer .
i am also amazed at how slim it is , especially when you consider how much it has inside it .
when it 's connected to my logitech 2.1 speaker system , i find that the sound quality i get when using itunes is outstanding !
there are two areas of improvement that i am eager to see overcome .
one is that i wish there was more available native software that works on the intel-native macbook pro .
i 've been reading that there are software companies working on updating/revising their products to work on the new system so i do n't really see this as being a long-term problem , rather just a minor annoyance ( all the old software works , but the speed is much slower than when using a native intel app ) .
second observation is this machine can get very hot .
i had to buy a notebook-cooling pad so it does n't overheat .
i have a thinkpad i use for work ( not by choice ) , and when comparing the heat it generates compared with the macbook pro i realize how hot the macbook pro can get compared to other computers.in the end , i looked at a lot of other computers and decided to get this one .
i am glad i did .

1
to add to the great features of the macbook pro is the really neat addition so that you can now dual boot windows xp sp2 on the macbook alongside os x !
for further details and features , see the following : http : //www.apple.com/macosx/bootcamp/

1
as the above title would suggest , this is my first mac .
i have grown up on pcs as due to my dad 's work they have always been in the house .
some of my friends though had dabbled in the apple arena and i must say that the design of macs in recent years really grabbed my attention .
those mac using friends really swore by their computers whilst my dad had often complained about apple inc in dealing with them through his work .
he would also say , `` they look nice but you 'd never buy one . ''
i bought an ipod almost 2 years from now , one of the very first people i know to have got one at the time , and the ipod was fantastic so my only dealing with apple had been positive.so why not ?
i saved up in my part-time job over my university break and purchased the macbook pro .
with macbooks at a bit of premium , the apple shop that i bought it from were great as they were able to get me one from another store and deliver it to me the next day .
no waiting for 3-4 weeks.i have been using it now for nearly a month and the thought that goes through my mind is how could i ever go back to a pc ?
unless steve jobs personally came to my house and spat on me , it would take a lot to pull me away .
people often use the 'car analogy ' and i think that is accurate .
i really feel as though i am in a bmw or range rover vogue whilst my brother next to me on his dell is getting by in a hyundai.first of all , the boot time is crazy .
does 10 seconds sound quickish ?
all the general apps are speedy ( itunes pops straight up , whilst it loaded for a little while on my dad 's incredibly expensive toshiba ) and cruising through the internet seems as good as it gets .
the screen is a perfect size and shape and the front row is great to show off .
the icons magnifying and jumping , the mag-safe connector , the backlit keyboard glowing in the dark , and general weight and 'thinness ' make the computer a joy to use.the biggest thing though is that i have n't really had any problems ( touch wood ) .
the computer has never frozen and needed to be re-booted , and whilst this is certainly one of apple 's marketing catch phrases , this is a big thing coming from a pc user who constantly was forced to 'control , alt , delete ' .
i also download programs without fear knowing that viruses are not an issue .
up until now , different types of programs that i have wanted have been easy to find .
whilst on a grand scale pcs would have a lot more programs , to date i would say that a lot of the mac versions floating around are of a high quality and other mac users would have road tested them and determined whether or not they are worth the effort.as far as using the os is concerned it has been rather easy .
i would think that a life long mac user would find it harder to go from mac to windows .
this is definitely another compliment .
so far , the only annoying thing is that often movies and music videos on internet sites are not mac applicable .
perhaps there is software out there to remedy this or it 's just a small downside to macs .
i do n't know.i was very surprised just how much software was already bundled onto the computer .
i have n't yet really delved into the movie and music editing-type applications that macs are famous for , so there is still more fun to come .
furthermore , in buying a mac , you seem to be joining an exclusive club of 'creatives ' and 'yuppies ' where everybody who owns one is keen to share software and experiences , and are simply very enthusiastic about their computers.quite simply , the macbook pro ( i really doubt that there is a better laptop computer out there ) and the apple mac experience so far has been excellent .
i look in pity at pc users around me because not only do i know what they are going through , but i also know that they obviously do not realize just how much easier and more fun a computer experience can be .

1
i was on the fence for so long when it came to deciding on a laptop .
used , new , refurbished ?
i went with new , [ ... ] i love the backlit keybard .
the `` m '' key looks like an inverted `` w '' because of the unsual font on the keyboard letters .
this machine is super fast .
i have already encoded 2/3 of my cd collection with itunes 6 .
it didnt take but a couple of hrs to encode 65 cds.i , too , wish the screen went back a bit more for contorted computing but it should go back enough for most people.this is my first date with os x so i am still trying to learn all the extensions like dmg , gz , tgz , and all that unixy stuff .
but the system seems very stable running with a gig of ram .
i have the 2.0ghz model.the 2finger scolling feature ( for horiz and vertical ) on the trackpad is an awesome innovation .
i do wish the trackpad prefs included sensitivity adjustment capability to go along with the speed.yes , the machine does get warm to hot but not dangerously so and it also depends on how long you use and what you are doing .
i use a sweatshirt on my lap if i use it on my lap.the camera which is built in is a nice touch , but i never use a webcam .
i do wonder , however , if someone on the wireless network can look at me remotely with this thing .
the reason i wonder is because it was so effortless to connect to the internet and when clicking on the airport icon , i see all kind of strange name and router device names , some with email addys .
i do n't even know if i am gaining or sharing access to the internet thru my wireless dsl modem or from someone elses but my surfing speed and download speed are lightning fast .
the imovie hd update took about a minute and a half to download wirelessly ( a 52mb file ) .well , i am overall impressed with the machine and even more impressed that i knuckled down the cash to get it .
it comes very well stocked with software so you save a ton right there .
and , i know the are plenty of nice pc laptops for a fraction of the price out there but i have been a mac user my whole life .
i am greatful for not having to suffer the bumpy transition of early os x incarnations .
tiger seems to on the right track but i do miss the quaintness of pre os x systems .
i feel more grown up using this new system.the mag plug for power is another great innovation .
i do n't intend on testing its limits ; ) but i am confident it will do its job if i ever get careless after a night of heavy drinking .
; ) for most mac users this would be a great step up from whatever you owned prior especially when you compare to older laptop models .
5 stars is my personal opinion .
if you decide to invest in one of these macbooks , i hope you enjoy it as much as i enjoy mine .
happy 30th , apple !

1
this is an apple marvel !
keyboard is the best i have ever used on any computer .
the heat that everyone mentions is not an issue for me .
the glossy screen is vivid and really makes the images come alive with brilliant clarity and color .
the last notebook i had was a 14 '' ibook .
this computer is so much thinner and easier to transport .
for the extra money this is a much sexier machine than the macbook .

1
it 's the most stunning idea , is n't it ?
this top of the line macbook pro is the fastest mac notebook ever , and probably one of the fastest macs period.when steve jobs announced the new macs , with intel core duo processors i was almost certain i wanted to buy one .
why ?
macs are well known for ease of use and capabilities , but they have managed all that for years , with processors that are not always top-notch .
that all changed in january 2006.processor in the new macbook prothe intel core duo processor in the new macbook pro is an amazing chip .
what have i noticed about the speed of the machine featuring this chip ?
it is incredibly fast .
you 'd be surprised by how much faster even web browsing is , when you have a processor as powerful as the core duo .
however , what i 've really been impressed by is doing things such as video encoding .
i 've encoded videos in h264 as much as eight times faster than my powerbook g4 .
furthermore , the ilife applications that are included on the macbook pro fly , with the speed .
iphoto , imovie , idvd , and garageband perform like never before .
i 've really been impressed by the speed.the core duo is a great processor .
it offers exceptional desktop pc performance , in a design that can fit in small computers and notebooks .
it features two cores on a single die , which effectively gives you the performance of two processors .
do n't let the 2 ghz clock speed fool you .
this core duo chip will outperform 3+ ghz pentium 4 processors .
it really is an amazing breakthrough , from intel.video cardthe new macbook pro 2 ghz model features an ati radeon x1600 graphics processor using pci express 256 mb of gddr3 video memory .
this is the best graphic card apple has *ever* included in a notebook .
this graphic processor will work well for most gaming , and it is great for viewing back complex h264 movies , including high definition videos .
you can enjoy high definition h264 videos , without drop frames.ports -the macbook pro features 2 usb 2.0 ports , 1 firewire 400 port , gigabit ethernet , audio in/out , and expresscard ( 34 slot ) .display - apple touts the display on the new macbook pro as bright as the cinema displays , and there is no question : these displays are bright !
depending on your lighting condition , you 'll almost certainly not turn the display to full brightness .
i had to turn down the brightness , for it was hard on my eyes .
however , it is nice to know the brightness is there , when needed .
the native resolution is 1440x900 giving you plenty of screen real estate , to keep the applications you need visible.video out - the new macbook pro has a dvi video output .
an adapter is also included to output vga .
there is an optional adapter available to output s-video and composite video .
furthermore , the dvi video out supports up to a 30-inch apple cinema display ( or other comparable display ) .
this gives you great possibilities .
you can easily use your macbook pro on the road , but plug it into a keyboard , mouse , and huge display , when at your desk .
the perfect all around system.memory - this mac is a powerhouse and 1 gb of memory ( thats included ) will get you started nicely .
however , you may consider adding even more memory at some point .
the macbook pro supports up to 2 gb of memory .
it uses pc5300 ddr2 - sodimm modules.applications -apple includes ilife '06 , which has iphoto , imovie , iweb , idvd , and garageband .
there is the safari web browser , the always useful ical , addressbook , ichat , etc .
overall , i was pleased with the included software.ilife 06 is particularly great .
i love the new full-screen photo editing , photo comparing , etc .
you can now also order calendars and greeting cards made with your photos , direct from apple , by using the iphoto software .
imovie has new themes , which helps make professional-looking home movies , and idvd now supports widescreen dvds .
iweb is a brand-new applications , which makes it easy to create professional quality webpages , quickly .
i ca n't wait to rebuild by site using iweb .
apple continues to make it easy to create music , manage your digital images , make movies , and create web sites.a trial ( 30 day ) of iwork '06 is also included , which includes the page layout program pages , and the presentation program keynote ( which makes presentations that blow away presentations made by rival powerpoint ) .hard drive -this model of the macbook pro includes a 100 gb 5400 rpm hard drive .
this is going to be sufficient for most people to hold their photographs , music , and some videos .
however , others will need more space , so you can always use an external drive , when at your desk .
it is also important that you remember to backup your important files to either another external hard drive , or dvds .
i only point this out because today with great machines like the macbook pro we 're storing more of our great memories on computers than ever before , so make sure you do n't lose them , if something happens to your machine .
apple includes a great backup program called backup 3 , if you subscribe to the .mac service .
i use it all the time , and it simple interface helps me keep peace of mind.superdrive-the optical drive included with the new macbook pro allows you to watch dvds , listen to music , burn dvds , and burn cds .
it is a slot-loading drive , so the disks slide magically in and out of the computer 's right side .
there are no drawers to break off .
note - the drive does *not* burn dual layer dvds.front row experience - apple has included a new software title that at this time is only available on the imac , mac mini , and macbook pro .
front row .
front row comes with your macbook pro , and a remote control is also included .
front row allows you to watch and listen to media items , on your computer , from across the room .
click one button on the remote , and bring up front row , for quick access to your music , movies , podcasts , dvd , and more .
i like this feature , but i wonder how useful it is , since i 'm usually sitting right in front of the computer and can just use a mouse , to access this content.powerpc applications on intel machineif you own a lot of software for mac , then most of it is probably compiled for powerpc .
developers are working hard to make titles run natively on both intel and powerpc , but many titles are not yet ready .
however , many titles you can use on an intel mac because apple has included rosetta , which translates the powerpc code into something the intel machine can read .
however , you never see rosetta for it works quietly in the background and makes running powerpc applications seamless .
microsoft office , for example , works perfect under rosetta .
intensive applications such as photoshop will run under rosetta , but it will be slower until adobe has an intel compiled version of photoshop .
rosetta does work and if you add memory to your imac , you may find such application somewhat equal to how it would perform on a 1ghz powerpc g4 , from my experience.two titles i use eyetv and toast 7 are not yet compiled for intel , but they run fine on my intel mac , under rosetta .
again , you do n't have to open anything special to use rosetta .
your mac knows when it needs it and uses it.wireless- the macbook pro can still connect wirelessly to networks using its included airport card .
furthermore , it features a bluetooth module to connect wirelessly to devices.design - this macbook pro is beautiful , and you notice the quality as soon as you begin to open the box .
it is packaged with care , in beautiful packaging .
the macbook pro is thin , and the display is beautiful .
the mag safe power connector is another amazing design feature on this machine .
if someone or something pulls on the power cord connected to your notebook , instead of the notebook flying , the magnet on the connector releases , leaving your macbook pro safe.overall , i am very excited about the macbook pro .
it is incredibly fast on intel-native applications , and it does a very good job running powerpc applications .
if you 're upgrading from a g4 mac like myself , this machine will seem to fly .
if you 're upgrading from a g5 based mac , it will be faster on native applications , but the increase in performance will be less significant to you .
the intel machines are the future of apple , so there is no question this is a good machine , and it is powerful enough to be a good computer , for quite some time .
i 'm happy with my purchase , and i look forward to continue exploring my intel mac in the coming days

1
i received my stock macbook pro with 2.0ghz intel core duo processor and 100gb hard drive last night , and this thing has completely blown me away .
it is extremely fast , and that is not an overstatement in any way.i also love the build quality , isight camera , lit keyboard and the `` wide '' trackpad , which perfectly matches the wide screen .
not to mention it is extremely silent ; all i can hear is the hard drive , and i have n't yet noticed the fans , even with playing unreal tournament 2004 at 1600x1200 ( hooked up an external dell display ) .
it should also handle doom 3 well , so i will test that once i get my hands on a copy .
it seems like this thing is even a good gaming machine because it comes with a very good graphics card.all that being said , i am not a gamer , but i do enjoy playing games occasionally , so it is important to me that i can do that well .

1
very nice little computer.i have had it for about 1 year , and almost never turn it off .
when i move around i just let it hibernate and then plug it in again once i am close to an outlet .
it usually lasts me about 30-40 hours if i do not use it ( and forget it out in the car 's trunk ) .i give this product 5 stars for the money .
i am sure there are many laptops better than this one , but i love this one .
since i also have a sony camera and camcorder , this laptop lets me connect to both without any additional cables or ports ( firewire , etc. )
.
it has a memory stick port , 2 usb ports , a firewire port , wireless , etc .
also , it is very light and easy to carry around .
battery life is very satisfactory , 1 year so far and no wear.i think it is a very well put-together laptop , is fast enough ( and i have it loaded with ms office , matlab , and visual studio ) and it allows fast communication ( wireless or wired ) .
fyi , i use this computer 6 - 15 hours daily and still have n't had a single problem with it .

1
i bought mind brand new in february 2005 at staples .
this computer has met my needs , and it still continues to do so .
i have since upgraded the operating system to xandros 3.0 business edition , and everything still works ( wifi , dvd+/-rw , and winmodem all work on xandros ) .

1
this laptop is very user friendly , and has a lot of unique capabilities .
the screen is thin , and wide for a fantastic crisp looking screen display ; however , the price is the biggest downfall of this product .
( ... )

1
after reading all of the positive reviews on the hp v5430 , i decided to take the plunge and get one myself .
almost 2 weeks later , i have been continually impressed with all the things i can do especially when compared with competing offerings , most of which cost more and have less.the cool temperature of such a fast processor was quite refreshing .
also , the plastic case is solid , much more so than some of the flimsy stuff used on some dell notebooks.probably i could have used another 200-400 pixels in the vertical display dimension , but that would have increased the cost .
setting fonts to a smaller display size definitely maximizes real estate , and the brightness makes this text quite readable .
it drives an external display flawlessly at 1600x1200 75hz .
gamers can expect some slowness with leading-edge games like doom3 , but some of this may be a lack of system ram.another potential limitation is that maximum ram is limited at 1280m ( 256m soldered in , swapping the 256m sodimm with a 1g module ) .
but so far , the 512m performs well for most tasks ; heavy-duty graphics and software development environments may need more memory .
too bad that they did n't make both modules swappable for a 2g maximum.battery life is decent with about 2 hours+ of performance .
i learned my lesson over the years with notebooks ; frequent recharging will eventually shorten the battery life to minutes .
i remove the battery when near an outlet , and reserve the battery only for those times when mobile use is needed .
yes , the disadvantage is that i lose the ups ability of the battery to maintain state in case of a power outage .
also , one should be careful with the power supply plug into the notebook ; it is awkwardly situated for true `` on the lap '' use , and can come out .
another nit ; there is a plastic `` bumper '' on the battery which makes one corner unstable when the battery is removed ( they should have put it on the computer case ) ; this can be easily addressed by attaching a store-bought one.the dvd+/- rw / cdrw works great ; this makes the system fairly complete in terms of media versatility .
a word to the wise ; stick with + or +/- media to ensure forward compatibility.firewire , ( 3 ) usb ports , and built-in speakers work flawlessly .
the 5-in-1 media reader needed a downloadable hp software update to recognize my 1g sd card .
speaking of which , hp 's email support is superb ; i 've gotten answers to my questions within the hour after it has been routed to the correct department .
a tip : once you get a good answer , simply keep replying to that email for fast , accurate information.there 's no built-in microphone , nor floppy , but there 's a mic input for your own , and a usb input for an external drive should one really need one ( given this age of flash drives and ubiquitous networking ) .all in all , i 'm still looking for reasons to return this notebook before my 2 week period expires , and i ca n't find any !
if you decide to go for it , shop around for good pricing and rebates .
also , the sibling model zv5420us is available for under $ 1000 presently should dvd writing not be needed .

1
i am as happy as a consumer gets .
i had a dell inspiron before .
let 's put it this way : i wo n't touch a dell in a lifetime .
this compaq is so much more ergonomic and slicker ( i have v2135 , which is this one with windows xp pro ) .
while dell is not serious competition , sony vaio is probably the closest rival .
here are some points of comparison between v2140 and the identical vaio machine ( my friend at college who sits next to me has a vaio ) :1 .
you got full 3 hours on the original battery ( even better with screen dimming ) .
sony does not have screen dimming and gives you 2 hours tops.2 .
vaio gets much warmer , almost to the point when it is hot to hold on the lap .
v2140 has a much better cooling system.3 .
vaio costs you a small fortune ( over 40 % over this pc ) .4 .
any minor processor speed advantage that sony advertizes is not visible .
i do n't feel any difference , even with a lot of applications running.5 .
usb ports are spread all over .
it makes it so much easier to hook up stuff .
5-in-1 card reader is the best !
!
i do n't know what the prior reviewer is talking about : everything slides in and out perfectly .
what a saver of time and money : no need to buy all cords and try to hook up your digital cameras or worry about drivers.6 .
so far no problems , no glitches , no hardware problems .
everything works smooth and fast .
my friend with a sony had a minor issue with compatibility .
i hooked up my 2001 jvc camcorder via 1394 ( firewire - a must for home video lovers ) and ... boom- this compaq instantly recognized it , found all drivers and captured the video.one disclaimer : i am not totally impartial .
i have a '98 compaq presario at home as a desktop , and it has been a pearl in a sea of infected pc 's and computer viruses .
so , i guess i am a compaq fan .
i think this one is just as reliable .
certainly worth the money it cost me , maybe even much more .
if somebody offered me the vaio for the same money , i would still go with v2140 .

1
i purchased the v2140us on 1/22/05 .
my only previous pc laptop was a dell inspiron 1100 2.4ghz , so that 's what i can compare to .
also my wife has an apple powerbook g4 , 15 '' model.so i had the following goals for a replacement laptop to my inspiron 1100 : a ) lighter than the 7.5lb dell .
at 7.5lbs , the dell was really a bear to carry around .
also i was really envious of my wife 's powerbook -- it 's incredibly light and thin.b ) a better screen with higher resolution than my xga dell.c ) integrated wifi .
my inspiron did not accept an internal wifi card , so i always had a pc card sticking out the side.my computing needs are fairly light .
i mostly do drawings of cars ( angryyoda.com ) in macromedia freehand .
there is some light photoshop work , and some light html coding .
occassionally i watch dvds also .
my dell was fine for all those things .
the one time i was able to make my dell show weakness was when i installed half-life 2 on it .
that 's when i realized that the shared-memory video card inside the dell would never , ever play a 3d game like half-life 2 with any kind grace .
half-life 2 brought my dell to its knees.this compaq is amazing .
it is much lighter and you can really feel the difference carrying it around .
the silver finish could stand to be a bit more durable-looking , but so far no scuffs anywhere .
as for the screen size , having a 14 '' widescreen is so much better than my dell 's 15 '' non-widescreen .
the widescreen format really does make work easier b/c you can put things side by side -- also , the higher resolution gives you more screen information .
at this point i 'd never go back to non-widescreen.the screen in the compaq is also crisp with great colors .
i 've played a dvd once and it was very good .
i 'm very happy with the screen.as for the wifi , it is built in and appears to have better sensitivity and range than my dell did with it 's 802.11g pc card .
also the compaq has a button above the keyboard that lets you toggle the wifi ( enable/disable ) ... presumbably to save battery life ?
ah , about the battery life .
it 's terrific .
i get more than 3 hours , with the hard drive spinning most of the time .
i have n't really got to see how long i 'd get if i were just typing .
my dell only gave me 2 hours on a good day ( screen brightness down , just typing , wifi turned off ) .
so my laptop 's battery time is now as good as my wife 's g4 powerbook , so i 'm happy.this model also had other bonuses that i did n't expect for this price , like the dvd burner , 512mb ram , firewire , and a genrous hd of 60gb .
i wo n't use the dvd burner much , nor will i ever use all 60gb , but it is good to know they 're there if i need them.as for the industrial design , it is pretty good .
the unit looks slick , is thin and has a unique design .
the jbl speakers in the front look good , and i like the jbl pro badging on the grille .
keyboard has a good layout and the keys feel durable .
the trackpad is better than my dell 's as well ( i had to turn off `` tapping '' on my dell b/c it would pick up my hand when i was typing .
the compaq includes a button to turn off the trackpad altogether. )
.
the compaq has dedicated buttons above the keyboard for volume and mute , which are nice too .
my only gripe about the volume and brightness buttons are that there is no on-screen meter for either -- so you do n't know how low the volume is , or how bright the monitor is , you just have to hit min or max.the 3 usb ports are sort of scattered around the machine .
kind of odd , but i 'll get used to them .
( my dell 's usb ports were stacked above each other , and it was sometimes hard to get things plugged in and out . )
there are two ports on one side , then one in the middle of the other side .
in fact there are no ports on the back at all , aside from the power plug.one thing i hated about my dell was that the dvd bay button was always accidently getting opened , the button was too soft and big so when i picked up the laptop , i 'd end up popping the drive door .
this unit only opens the drive door if you mean to -- the button is smaller and harder to press ( in a good way ) .
it also has a 6 in 1 media card reader , but no compact flash , which is what we use in our canon camera.when the laptop is closed it looks pretty good .
the lid is a retro-looking black plastic , sort of reminds of me of old camera cases from the 70 's .
althought it 's not a big deal , the bottom of the laptop is pretty ugly .
but hey , it 's the bottom .
it sort of looks like the back of an old led alarm clock.so i have to say , buy this laptop .
i recommend it if you are looking for mid-level features or need a step up from an older or entry-level laptop .
you get a ton of features ( even firewire ) -- it 's worth paying more to step up from a bottom of the line laptop.by the way , i also considered averatec for some time , until i saw one in person at compusa .
i would not buy an averatec -- they have awesome prices and pack those laptops chock with features but the quality of the case and machine is sub-par .
really plastic , fisher price styling , wonky looking , and the star wars dvd i watched on it actually had color registration ( ? )
problems .
han solo 's hair has a green halo ?
it was awful.i hope this info helps !

1
after some research , i was down to toshiba m45-s331 and dell 6000 .
finally got toshiba although it was more expensive ( especially considering dell online deals ) .
so far am very satisfied and love its built quality and feel as compared to others in the same price & specs range.pros:1 .
great specs for the price2 .
trubrite screen3 .
harman/kardon speakers4 .
keyboard layout5 .
bridge-media aaptercons:1 .
pc2700 ram instead of a ddr22 .
relatively less battery life .
( & lt ; 3 hrs on a full-charge ) i experienced the freezing/lock-up problem on plugging the ac power cord and have seen numerous such topics online .
toshiba support insisted its a hardware problem but was not convinced.was finally able to solve this problem by tweaking the power settings of the laptop ... 1 .
go to `` power management icon '' from your system-icon-tray on bottom-right corner of the screen .
( it gives information about current power source , remaining battery and power profile ) 2 .
right-click it and select `` toshiba power saver settings '' .3 .
click `` setup options '' button on bottom-left of the window4 .
`` uncheck '' the box marked `` change power source profile automatically '' .once you have done this ... .you should hopefully no longer have the freezing or locking problem when you switch to ac power .

1
i bought this laptop about 4 months ago and i am very pleased with it .
everything works great as advertised and i am very impressed with its wireless capabilities .
all the peripheral devices that i plugged into it were instantly recognized and installed without me having to load any software .
these included a wireless mouse , flash drive , and usb hub.there is a design problem with the laptop however .
while working in battery mode with wireless turned on , if you plug in the ac , it freezes .
nothing works it wo n't even turn off .
the first time this happened to me it was scary but i found a solution .
if you keep pressing the on/off switch for 5 seconds it will reset itself .
the problem can be avoided by simply turning off wireless before plugging in ac , easily done since there is a mechanical switch to do this.my biggest dissapointment is with toshiba support .
the webpage does n't mention anything about the wireless freeze , even though it 's known issue by now .
as far as resetting the computer they say to insert a pin into the reset hole like the old laptops .
this laptop does n't have a reset hole , you just have to press and hold the on/off switch.i highly recommend this laptop .

1
when my sony grx-550 laptop crashed , i took it to best buy in boynton beach , florida , and waited seven weeks while the geek squad -- and i do mean geek -- decided whether to repair or replace it under a professional performance plan .
seven weeks !
all those weeks of unanswered phone calls and e-mails made me mighty mad .
when i finally got through -- by calling corporate and asking it to patch me through -- and threatened to tell my tale to local consumer reporters , the store managers miraculously and uncharacteristically made a smart move and gave me a brand spanking new toshiba m45-s331.this machine outperforms my grx-550 by leaps and bounds , which i guess is to be expected in a newer computer .
it has a bright screen , fast processor , plenty of memory -- 512 mb expandable to 2 gb -- dvd burner , and enough ports to satisfy the most demanding multi-tasker .
there 's also a built-in wireless feature that i have n't tried yet.all that and it 's quiet !
i mean it 's quiet .
my old sony laptop clicked and whirred constantly .
when i was researching machines to replace it after the crash , i listened to other sony laptops in best buy and found they had the same annoying habit .
i do n't know exactly why my computer was so noisy -- it sounded like the hard drive was talking to itself -- but i do know that it could be heard from every room in my apartment and often appeared as the soundtrack to my worst nightmares.after several weeks of heavy use , i can tell you i 'm very happy with my toshiba m45-s331 .
if it keeps on running the way it is now for the next couple of years , i will be a toshiba loyalist .
if it does n't , best buy sweetened the replacement deal with another three year professional performance plan , and you 'll probably be reading about another horrible ordeal trying to get them to make good on it.the only note of caution i have for buyers of the toshiba satellite m45-s331 is that it does not come with a parallel port , which means if you have a printer with a parallel cord , you will have to buy one with a usb end to plug it into the computer .
this could add about 20 bucks to the cost of the computer.happy computing .

1
i love this laptop !
i 've been using it heavily for several weeks and i have n't had any problems .
it has n't locked up once , and i 've used it for hours with 5 programs running ( excel , word , onenote , firefox , acrobat reader ) , several windows each , and it did n't even slow down a bit .
i use the wireless connection on battery , on ac , connecting it and disconnecting it while surfing the web , and no problems.and the trubrite display is great !

1
i purchased this from best buy over a year ago .
it has been a great , dependable machine .
the only complaint that i would have is there needs to be documentation on how to replace the memory that is not in the expansion slot .

1
i have the dv1040 which is the original model of the dv1000 's with the centrino processor .
i bought it as a close-out in mid-february and it 's still working great .
i 've been particularly impressed with its structural integrity and it has consistently remained quite fast as well .
there has n't been a day where i regretted buying it .
i realize this is a previous model , and since then they have upgraded the processor and given you more hard drive space than one could ever need , however it should resemble the newer ones fairly closely and give you an idea of what your in for through the long haul .

1
watch tv , record tv , surf the net , read your mail , watch a slideshow , all at the same time !
!
this newer version of media center works much better than the past and why even consider a desktop ?
for all the specs , convenience of size , and quality of the display , this is a great deal for the price .

1
i own this computer , and i do n't have any complaints besides the fact that the battery life is kind of short .
besides that , it is a great item !
updated : i do realize that the fan is loud on it , though ... .

1
i was planning on picking up a laptop at the end of 2004 or early in 2005 , but learned about intel 's new mobile chips that feature more cache .
so i waited and picked this up from sony , which has the intel m 750 at 1.86 ghz and 2mb of cache .
it also has intel 's 915pm chipset , which is intel 's better chipset for mobile applications .
it has a great screen and plenty of power and memory.i also like the fact it has a new 128mb video chip from ati ( x600 ) that supports pci express .
this laptop has 1gb of memory , which i would recommend since 512mb is barely enough today .
the hard drive also has plenty of space at 100gb and seems to be fast enough running at 5,400 rpm with sata interface.the sony software for audio and video and editing seems pretty good and i have n't had any problems so far .
one thing , i have office professional , so i deleted the lame 60-day office trial package that came with the computer before i could fully access all the programs in my pro suite.one of the big selling points of the computer is its excellent 17 '' wide screen .
out of the box , it looks very good and i have n't even tried to optimize it yet .
i 'm thinking that the ergobright technology , while good for certain areas since it automatically adjusts brightness , compromises maximum picture quality .
this feature could be defeated .
generally speaking , these types of auto adjustment features are best left inactive when viewing movies .
i find this to be the case with widescreen tvs also .
the docking station and speakers are also a plus .
sound from the speakers built into the laptop is only average .
i have n't tried headphones yet or the speakers that come with the docking station and i ca n't yet vouch for the quality of the laptop 's internal sound .
however , i might pick up an echo indigo io audio pc card .
laptop sound quality is generally average at best , and this add-on card could be a nice upgrade.this computer is also very quiet , relatively speaking , which is very important to me since i do n't like noisy computers .
overall , it is a well thought out design and sony definitely did n't skimp on the components .

1
the video card , harddrive , mobile tech , speed , weight/size , battery life , and so much more make this the ultimate laptop .
god bless sony for creating such a perfect laptop .

1
i needed a light and reliable notebook for travel and research and this has filled the bill admirably .
it withstood plenty of knocking around , and did the tasks i required ( word processing , accessing net with ethernet and wireless connections , downloading and organizing digital photos ) quickly and effectively .
did have to initially set it up as described in first review .
do n't know why people are complaining about the fan noise , i worked in a quiet library and it was never a problem .

1
for the past month i had been deciding between the ibm t43 , fujitsu p7010 and the sony s460 .
after finally seeing in store models of all three i had ruled out the ibm t43 since it was bigger than what i need ( i already have a dedicated alienware desktop for large tasks ) and the p7010 's screen hinges had worn out and seemed like they were ready to break after all the use it had been through at the store .
i almost went for the s460 until i felt how hot it was on the right side .
this wasnt just a mild warmness , it was unusually hot and uncomfortable to touch for too long .
there was an s360 right next to it and i looked felt it to compare and i was surprised that it was only slightly warm .
later i checked reviews and user comments about the s460 since the one at the store could have been defective , but no it seems to be a problem in the 460 and many people are returning them .
i was now dead set on a s360 which recieved great reviews all around , but sadly it is a disconitnued model so it is hard to locate and there are many big rebates like there were in may .
compusa had it and i basically paid fully price after the tax , but this notebook was well worth it !
!
!
!
it does n't get hot and the battery life is long .
the screen is super crisp , which is why it stood out at the store .
for most people the ati 9700 is more than they 'll ever need and it would have been nice to have a dvd-rw like the 460 but as i said before i have a dedicated desktop that does all of that.addressing any complaints , the partition with the recovery files is easily removed and is a given step after recieving the notebook and making the recovery disks .
if you think this is is difficult , troublesome , or have no idea how to do it , this compuer is too much for you , sorry you should go buy a dell .
the fan is a little noisy , but then again all the other notebooks my friends have are even louder !
its only the pitch that 's a little annoying but something that people would get used to .
this model doesnt have the heat problems of the s460 so that 's a plus .
the bundled software is horrible but then again that 's not why we buy notebooks.i 'd recommend anyone to look for a s360 while they 're still around , they 're just that good .
stay away from the s460 and wait for the next model if you do n't want the 360 or lower , compusa just threw in a $ 150 rebate and sony added $ 100 more in rebates to try to get rid of these ... .there 're less expensive than the lower s series still around now !
!
!
!
there 's a reason they 're trying to get rid of them ... .the 460 is flawed .

1
i recently bought this notebook 1 month prior and absolutely love it .
there are no dead pixels and the screen is great for movies .
so far i have n't been bothered by any glare from the screen .
the notebook is very light and portable .
the screen can seem a little small especially compared with a nonwide screen 14 or 15 inch laptop but it is very sharp and you get used to it .
there are no other notebooks in its weight and size class with the ati 9700 video card which will let you play most of the recent games .
even if you do n't play games , subcompact notebooks that use the old intel integrated graphics wo n't be able to use the future version of windows as it will require direct x support .
the new intel 900 graphics card does but is not as fast as the ati 9700 .
battery life is great depending on the settings .
routing surfing will give you around 4-5 hours depending on the screen , volume , wifi , and processor settings .
the other 15inch screen thin and light notebooks feel heavy afterwhile especially with all the accessories .
some people have had fan noise issues but i do n't notice it , it may be per system.cons- all the software is preinstalled which is useless .
there is no windows os cd , you can make a set of windows recovery cds from a hidden partition on the harddrive which will reinstall the system to its factory state .
there is no s-video out .
only 2 usb ports .
the harddrive is not an easy upgrade but some people may notice a difference going from a 4200rpm to a 7200 rpm drive but i did n't notice much .
also to use page up and down you need to use the fn key which is a little annoying for fast scrolling .
it 's possible to upgrade the cpu and harddrive but i 'm not sure how the heat will affect the system in this small form factor .
also this baby uses the sony memory slot which very few people use .
an sd slot would be more useful .
you can see dust accumulate on the screen easily .
sony support is also poorly rated though i have n't used it .
it also uses micro dimms which are expensive .
512 mbs will run you around 120 dollars.if you get this system-these are some things you must do and have.1-make a recovery set of cds and buy windows xp to do a clean install which you cant with the recovery cds .
windows home is fine unless you are going to use this for a university or corporate network .
all the drivers can be installed with the recovery cd without installing all the other crappy applications that was included.2-downloading tune xp to optimize windows .
also check out black viper 's web site ( you can google it ) to disable certain windows xp services that slow down memory .
delete unused fonts to make windows load faster.3-get an optical mouse .
the two best are the microsoft notebook optical mouse and the logitech v500 cordless notebook mouse usb4-the belkin lcd cleaning kit which contains a 2 sided brush , 1 for dust and the other for applying the isopropyl alcohol solution to clean the screen.5-at least 1 gig of memory.6-open office which is a freeware office utility sweet which is smaller then ms office and has most of the essential features .
version 2 is still in beta but is about to be released which has improved functions .
only con is powerpoint is not as beefier as microsofts.7-dvd shrink , which lets you store dvds on the harddrive to save battery8-antivirus9-adaware , spybot , spywareblaster , post it notes litewith the 250 rebate , this baby is worth it .
fujitsu is another alternative with a great screen as well but their small notebooks do n't have the good video card .
you probably do n't need this much power if you are just going to do internet , word processing , or powerpoint but dont skimp on screen quality as you will regret it .

1
hi , as a college student i speak as someone who is very reliant of his/her laptop .
everything about this laptop is great , i do n't know what people are talking about with the build quality because it 's sturdy and strong , it 's light , has an amazing battery life , looks sexy , and will make you look sexier too !
j/kin anycase i love this computer and my last two laptops were an ibm and an hp and i had my heart set on an ibm but to get what i got at the sony 's price i would have to pay much more.on knock on the product is that it does n't have built in bluetooth , which i use all the time with my pda , phone , headphones ...

1
i have this laptop since 3 years .
it still works great .
compared to others this one i beautiful and feel very good to work with.i love its slimness.no complaints , except that s-video feature would have been great , but this one doesn ` t have it .

1
the sony vaio vgn-fs570 is another great notebook from sony .
the appearance , at least to me , is a variant of the apple powerbook look , and is an aesthetically pleasing design .
immediately i was impressed with the 15.4 widescreen display , which using xbrite technology makes viewing text and images a pleasure ( i am used to an apple powerbook by comparison ) .
importantly for me this variant of the new fs series has both a large 100 gb hd and 1gb of ram .
this makes it perform well for most of the intensive tasks you might want to run on it , for example dvd editing or using photoshop .
in many respects it can fill the role of a desktop replacement .
in addition , i found battery life was good for this notebook .
using intel centrino mobile technology i was again impressed by the connectivity and wireless range of the vaio ( again in comparison to a powerbook ) .
the bundled vaio software is good , and it makes the xp user interface a pretty friendly experience for the uninitiated .
overall i would rate this notebook very highly , both in terms of performance and aesthetic appearance .

1
i know nothing about mhz , ram or balh balh burning time .
when i was looking for a lap top i told the sales person i just want a computer i can use to get online and check my emails and not get knock off.the 1st lap top i owned a 2001 hp pavilion ( paid $ 2,200 ) when i put it on my lap to type it would burn my leg ( it always had to be on table ) .
i constantly got knock off line & if i ran more then one application the hp would lock up and the battier would die after 2hours of use , i really hated using it.with the sony vaio fs570 ( which cost less ) i am very happy with this notebook , when i put it on my lap to type it 's cold , and using the wireless internet ( i can use my lap top in any room in my house and i do n't have to plug into a phone jack ) is so neat .
and i had my notebook on for 6 ( using power save mode ) before needing to recharge and the screen is huge very eye pleasing when viewing 8x10 of family photos .
and it has n't lock up yet and being able to turn down the brightness on the screen in dark room with one touch is easy !
!
i have no complaints about this computer at all .
if your not a computer junky , and do n't care about ram , burning time etc ... and you just want a thin , cool looking , fun notebook you 'll love this computer the power and speed is unbelievable !
!

1
criticizing the battery life or the weight on the hp pavilion is lame , because that is not what it is intended on emphasizing .
this product is made to host microsoft windows media center edition , and should be treated that way .
it is n't the most mobile of all notebooks , but it should n't be used that way .
the best purpose for the notebook side to it is so you can move it from room to room in your house and still access your data and entertainment , weather in the living room or the work desk .
sure the battery is only good for a single dvd movie , but thats all it needs .
using this as a computer to take to school every day or work on a constant basis is just not practical .
but if you want a computer you can use around the house , this is the one for you.now , this is an amazing product .
made by hp , it is built will powerful features , including a wonderful graphics card capable of creating the most imersive gaming effects and dvd video .
it is capable of being at a resolution of 1680 x 1050 .
now this is a 17 '' widescreen .
thats practically twice as good as a hdtv , especially if you are sitting only a foot away from the screen .
you will never hear of 'pixilation ' on this screen .
there has been no problem for my keyboard or mouse , or anything for that matter , and ive had mine for about 4 months .
it has built in wireless so you can do a little surfing the web from the back deck on a tuesday afternoon , and a memory card reader built in for camera picture transfer .
now how many notebooks have that ?
not all , thats for sure.but this is a media center .
it comes with a remote control that will allow you to control your media from a distance .
and get this .
it can even act as a tv , dvd player , radio , music and video player .
yes , i said tv .
the hp can watch tv and record tv and even write the tv episodes to dvd .
the included tv tuner will allow you to use a tv as the screen as well , while you watch one show and record another from another channell .
thats a media center .
and i found it even easier than my tivo , which i never use anymore .
and with available accessories , you can even have a multichannel shoundcard and watch movies with 5.1 surround sound and virtual hd tv all through your computer .
now would someone even want to take this thing in a subway ?
i don't.now sure it may not be able to last a plane ride to hawaii , but it sure can keep all your memories and entertainment .
so if you are looking for the house-mobile pc , this is the one for you .
worth every penny as well .
100g of storage and .5g of ram , and a 256mb video card , your set to go with everything for a long time .
one point to make it that it has an extremely fast pentium 4 ht processer in it , which is like having two processors in it , so it will get rather hot .
but it will never overheat , unlike a dell .
and with hp support , which has helped me a ton , regardless of what other people say .
i love this computer , and i bet you will too , as long as you know what you are buying before you buy it .

1
first of all i 'll preface this review with some background .
this is the third laptop that i 've owned and i have to say that i 've had pretty good luck with laptops up to this point .
this one is no exception .
i will also say that at one point i started getting an occasional bsd as was mentioned by other owners , but after i removed windows sp3 things cleared up quite a bit ( btw sp3 caused all sorts of problems with software id 's on all 4 of my computers.i cleaned up the hard drive et al ( so it was as if it were never installed ) .
the problems magically went away with all my computers.some have said that they 've had nothing but problems with this machine , but i 've had this thing for at least 5 years .
the battery still holds full charge and acts as if it is brand new .
the hard drive can run hot , but you can adjust it for silent mode ( seems to run a tad cooler ) .
the only thing that was done to this machine was adding more ram.if there is any thing that i 'd change is the video card .
it is weak with 64 mb ram .
it was weak when it came out .
they should have put a better one in at the time .
i do n't play online video games , but i do have my own animation studio .
the files that i write in the studio work fine on this laptop .
now they may not have the most screaming requirements to run , but they do still need a fair amount of processing , especially when you convert them to avi ( that can take a long time on any computer , including the custom job i built specifically for video processing - that computer 's video card costs what a laptop does ) , but it still does its job.i thought of upgrading to a new laptop , but the cost/ benefit of such an upgrade is n't justified as of now .
this one still does what i need it to do ( remember -i do n't play online games so that is n't part of my equation ) .

1
its very nice , very compact too , i love the size and the mobility since is very small and fits in my backpack with no problem i use it hard , i am taking online classes and go to college everyday , the wireless is great .
the only downfall the speakers suck .
bad sound system so i carry my headphones.everything else is perfect .

1
if you 're hesitant about purchasing from this vendor - do n't be !
a great deal and better than expected very minor dings - to be expected.do n't miss out - buy now while they last.. bought it for a family member who really enjoys it .
most highly recommended .

1
trust me if you get it you will like it , just remember if you do n't like it you can return it and get your money back !

1
beta mac has an a+ rating with better business bureau and i am pleased with their customer service .
they put a new hard drive on the machine after and fixed a broken key .
excellent company to work with

1
it is good i love it i may buy it it is a so good offerts i am going to borrow the money i love it it is awesome i love it so much it is cool it is a good offert for the computer

1
it 's a bit old , but it 's a good bang for your buck !
the only thing missing was a built in isight camera , but apart from that it 's pretty good : )

1
esta computadora es sorprendente en rendimiento , sigue siendo costosa , pero es uno de los modelos m & aacute ; s completos que jam & aacute ; s se encontrar & aacute ; , con conectividad inal & aacute ; mbrica y bluetooth , con puertos usb 2 , con firewire primera y segunda generaci & oacute ; n , con salida de audio y entrada de audio para dispositivos tradicionales .
es una excelente compra , de alto rendimiento , muy veloz para ser un modelo anterior , y una estabilidad envidiable , jam & aacute ; s se me ha detenido o he tenido que darle reset y yo la compre de segunda mano , ya tiene un a & ntilde ; o conmigo y no vale la pena cambiarla por las nuevas intel , porque tienen configuraciones inferiores , y las que se equiparan son muy costosas .

1
so happy that now i dont have to replace my old adobe programs since apple no longer supports power pc .
i just wish i knew that prior to spending $ 3k on a new apple computer hahah !
live and learn : )

1
i have an imac in my office and i like it very much .
so , when it came time for buying a home computer , i got the same imac , but got the version with the larger screen and more memory at the advice of my wife .
well , we 've blown two hard drives on the home imac ( covered under warranty , except for the lost files ) and i 'm rather annoyed .
nevertheless , i really like it as a computer .
alas , my wife likes it too and she 's constantly working on ebay things .
too much so , in my opinion .
i 've been constantly on her for working at the computer all the time and blocking my usage .
as a solution , she gave me an ibook g4 for christmas ( 1907 ) .i really like this little ibook .
it 's been completely trouble free , and in that respect is better than either of my imacs .
it 's fast and my enjoyment of working on it greatly increased after i purchased a mighty mouse to go with it .
i 'm a college professor and i give about 12 classroom lectures per week .
i also give visiting lectures ( about 2 per month ) all over southern california .
i store my powerpoint presentations in the computer and it works out very well .
i simply walk into a classroom or hall , plug in the equipment and i 'm ready to go .
everything works real well , as long as i 'm the one setting it up .
when others have set it up , i 've had a couple problems which they then blame on apple equipment .
there 's an `` apple phobia '' that 's widely prevelant .
that 's nonsense .
it 's their own ineptitude that 's the problem .
this is a real nifty computer and works splendidly for my purposes.gary peterson

1
i got this at compusa for 500+tax ar .
this was bought for my parents , so the majority of the usage will be for web surfing and e-mailing .
i also have a toshiba m35 that i paid over 1800 a year or so ago , the majority of this review will be a comparison between the two , yes i know that it is unfair to put this against that other one , but i was surprised at how this laptop can hld its own .
i use the benchmark portion that is in a utility program called batteryeater to give you a reference between the two.first off , as many people will tell you , the 256mb ram ( 224mb because the video takes a minimum of 32mb and can be set up to 64mb ) is n't enough , the laptop has two slots for ram ( 1 is already occupied by the 256mb pc2100 ) , so it would be a good investment to purchase another 256mb stick ( ~ $ 30 ) or a 512mb ( ~ $ 50 ) if you plan to do more than office work .
since i had an extra 256mb stick laying around , i did not have to spend the extra money for one , so i have 480mb or system ram on this , whereas my m35 has 512mb of ram because it has dedicated video ram .
the score where 4012 for the 2010us and 4024 for the m35the cpu is a 1.3ghz celeron m 350 , which has its ups and down , the up is that it has 1mb of l2 cache and 400mhz fsb , which is a bit stronger than the normal celerons .
the downside is that it does not support any type of power savings features such as speedstep on the centrino line of cpu from intel .
the m35 has a 1.5ghz centrino processor .
the 2010us scored a 1470 where as the m35 had 1943 for the cpu benchmark.the batter is a 53whr lithium-ion , which lasts for a little under 2hours in the benchmark , whereas the m35 had almost 3hrs with the speedstep on.the lcd has a resolution of 1024x768 , which is the lowest resolution for a 15 '' lcd by today 's standards , and the lcd is n't high quality , the screen is bright ... but that 's only if you look at it directly on , from the side , the screen becomes dim and color reproduction is inaccurate .
but considering that this is again for office-type work this not so much a problem .
my m35 a ultility that turns down the brightness of the lcd based on the amount of battery left , but i think a program of such can be found on the internet , but i just want to mention that because it would help to conserve the battery.the mouse pad is an odd dimension , it is about 1.5 '' h x 3 '' w , which is a little short and wide compared to other laptops , it is made by synaptics , which makes touchpads for like 95 % of the laptops out there .
the one thing i did n't like is this mouse , the buttons are very slender and flushed with the palm rest and does n't have a textured surface , so with my medium sized hand , i find it a little difficult to use without looking at it and having my finder directly on it , otherwise , i would have to use more pressure than on any other laptops because my thumb is about twice the width of the button.another thing that i would like to mention is that he power cord connection to the laptop seems very `` fragile '' it is thin and plugs into the left side , what makes is fragile is the fact that is plugs in perpendicular to the side so if you had this on your lap , and it happened to slip on the left side , i think there is a good chance that the plug would break .
if it had a 90 degree plug , it would be a little better , a thicker plug , or having plugging into the back would help even more.the hard drive is a 40gb @ 4200rpm , which is more than enough for office works , and some music and videos .
the included dvd-rom/cdrw drive is very nice addition on a budget laptop such as this , it does n't come with a floppy drive , but all laptops today do not either .
it scored a 2207 on the hdd bench , versus 3156 for the m35 which has a 60gb 5400rpm.it has jbl pro speakers , which is better than most laptops i have used over the year and pretty much surpasses most of dells laptop speakers .
and it is placed on the front , facing you , so the sound is not pointed way out in space with some laptops .
though it is good , it can not compare to the harman/kardon speakers on the m35.this laptop has the intel extreme graphics2 , with 32mb ( can go upto 64mb ) of ram , whereas the m35 has a 32mb gforcego , so in the bench this only scored a 1912 whereas the m35 scored a 3441.it does have 10/100 lan as well as 54g wireless and 56k modem , 2 usb2.0 ports and a firewire port .
these are all very nice addition with a budgets laptop such as this , the wireless get excellent reception from my wireless router , and is better than the intel 2200g that is on the toshiba m35.all in all , i think this is the best bang for the buck anyone can buy if you can get it for the 500 price , there just is n't anything else out there that i am aware of that can match this laptop in terms of features and price .
but even at 700 , it is still a very very good buy .

1
received this very quickly using amazon prime .
the most notable thing to say about this laptop is that the screen is widescreen in order to play dvds .
but this is also useful if you use certain software where a wide display is important ( for example , certain spreadsheets or programming tools ) .
however , be warned that this is not a dainty little laptop .
it will fit inside my briefcase all right , but it is above average in size and weight for pc laptops .
on the other hand , it is somewhat reminicent of many mac laptops i see at starbucks.the very first thing i wanted to do with this laptop was use the included norton antivirus .
that was not to be .
with absolutely nothing else on this computer , the nav failed to update properly .
after wasting half an hour of my life on this , i uninstalled norton and downloaded macafee .
no problem whatsoever ; if your experience is like mine -- and i see no reason it would n't be -- ignore the `` benefit '' of the included norton antivirus.the laptop is pretty solid .
in fact , that was the reason i chose hp this time around .
( that and a very mediocre track record with multiple sony vaios . )
the other reason is that this laptop has a lot of connnectivity .
but yes , i do have a wee bit of envy over those sexy skinny laptops.other than that , the screen is very legible ; the keys seem to be in the right place ( including the control key , which is in the wrong place on some earlier hps ) .the wifi just worked .
no setup .
no hassles .
it seems to work quite well even when reading `` low '' .
( ... ) finally , i 'll mention that this is a pretty quiet machine .
the fan activates only occasionally , though that will depend on what you use it for .

1
i just purchased the fujitsu , and am fairly pleased with it so far .
my last laptop was aging a bit , and this one is fairly nice .
the screen is nice and brite and sharp .
it has about the same set up as my step son 's sony vaio , but for about $ 500 less than he ( i mean we ) are paying for it .
so by that standard , this computer is a baragain .

1
i 've been using one for about 4 months now without any issues .
i guess it depends what you expect from it .
i spent about $ 150 , i got a little more ram ( 1gb ) ... it 's perfectly fine for browsing , emailing and watching videos on youtube .

1
these latitude laptops are workhorses , i use 1 at work and it just kicks butt , also 3 of my family members own the same model and everybody is really happy .
laptop is not heavy slim model and very very durable .
overall a 5 out of 5 .

1
wow i am very pleased with this unit , runs great , handles all my tasks and is not heavy .
thank you very much advantage .

1
one of my several girlfriends wanted me to research a good notebook computer for her to buy .
the requirements she wanted reminded me of what she likes in her men .
it had to be powerful , play games , good company for dvd movies , not too expensive or high maintenance , look cute and last but not least perform.anyhow , during my research i decided i wanted a notebook computer of my own .
i do a lot of digital photography and editing in photoshop and my old desktop just could n't work with the current version of photoshop ( cs2 ) so i had to work with a couple versions previous to that .
my requirements for a notebook was at least 528mb ram , 60gb hard drive , dvd-r +/- , wireless card , a decent monitor , good brand , and most of all light .
i 've had a notebook computer about 10 years ago and one of the main reasons i never lugged it around much was because it was fairly heavy - not that i 'm a sissy boy or anything.my research narrowed the selection down to a hp pavilion 6000 or an averatec av3270 .
the pavilion was a tad more powerful but heavy .
the averatec was just slightly slower but only 4.5 lbs - both looked very cool !
the averatec won out and i placed my order for next day delivery .
due to billing changes and the ups man not waiting at the door long enough after a quick ring , i had to wait several days until arrival .
during those days , i was n't too sure if i still wanted the averatec anymore and was considering the hp again .
i 'm so fickle - hence me balancing a multitude of ladies.when i got the box , i opened the package and made sure i kept the insert between the monitor and keyboard .
it 's very important because notebook lcd screens tend to get get indentations and scratches from the keyboard .
they even sell notebook monitor protectors for upwards of 10 bucks if you look around the net.after turning it on , you get asked to register some products such as symantec antivirus and other stuff .
i just bypassed any registrations .
i popped in a dvd to make sure it worked and it did like a charm .
second thing to test was the wireless connectivity .
i had just setup a wireless network the previous day and the wireless connectivity also worked like a charm .
heck , it even got the neighbor 's wireless network named `` precious . ''
if she 's female , i should drop by and borrow some sugar sometime .
i did n't have much time to play with the laptop since i was entertaining a lady friend that evening and had to go to work the next day therefore my playtime with the notebook was only a few hours .
i did n't want to customize the laptop too much from factory condition since i was still unsure if i was to keep it .
overnight i decided to let the battery calibrate .
this took several hours as i slept.the next day , i threw my notebook into the leather briefcase and drove to work .
at work , the first order of the day was to calibration the fan which took about 20 minutes .
something still bothered me about the averatec which was windows xp home edition .
i work in it so having some components missing found in the pro edition like remote desktop and other features had me itching to upgrade.i still was n't committed yet and did n't want to upgrade to xp pro unless this machine passed one final hurdle .
i installed the latest photoshop cs2 .
photoshop installed and performed better than i had expected .
i was concerned about the rated 1.6mhz and only 528mb ram but it 's true to the model number of the chip ( amd 2800+ ) - similar to that of a p4 2.8ghz .
another deal sealer was running a program that converts raw images from my canon slr to jpgs .
this little laptop is faster at performing functions than my it desktop computer at work running a p4 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram .
of course , my desktop multitasks better because of more ram but this laptop runs like a mini champ.that sealed the deal for me to keep this av3270 and i decided to upgrade to xp pro that next morning after receiving the notebook .
i first crossed my fingers , downloaded all the drivers from the averatec website , installed xp pro , then installed each driver one by one .
it went without a hitch.the next semi-major task was partitioning the hard drive since photoshop and windows likes a separate drive for cache .
i installed partition magic and now i 'm working with a c : \ drive of 12gb for the os and an e : \ drive of 40gb for data .
what happened to the rest of the gigabytes ?
i 'm told it 's on a hidden partition to restore this laptop to factory condition .
unfortunately partition magic did n't detect it so i could n't assimilate it for more space.that night , i decided to test the wireless after meeting up with yet another girlfriend .
around her neighborhood , i found several unsecured wireless hot spots .
i would just park on the side of the road and connect .
it 's that easy though possibly illegal .
i did n't steal any credit cards or tap into anyone 's computer or anything , just responded to some instant messges from my other women.one thing i 'm noticing with the keyboard is that it 's silent !
it 's great for taking to class if i ever decide to go back to school .
also , i remember my girlfriend always getting angry at me if she heard me typing away on the keyboard while talking to her on the phone .
she had a right to be mad knowing i was flirting via instant message with other girls on the net .
with the silent keyboard , i can multi-task and flirt with a girl via phone and instant message at the same time !
anyhow , to complete my test of all functions i needed to burn a dvd .
i have full seasons video of television programs filling up my desktop hard drivei burned 4.2 gigabytes of files to dvd over the wireless network .
granted , it took just under an hour but i guess using a network cable would be better next time for faster transfer speeds to my notebook dvd burner.pros : light , speedy , respectable ram and hard drive size , slient keyboard , good wireless reception , dvd-rw +/- , good monitorcons : keyboard kinda cramped especially number keys up top .
i need to look at the keys more often than normal to avoid fat fingering.tips : i upgraded to 1gb ram a couple weeks after purchase which made multitasking much easier .
this should also save battery power with less accesses to the hard drive .

1
i had been reluctant to adapt to notebook pcs due to the small keyboards and most laptops/notebooks are not really either small nor light.i bought mine as if by love at first sight , beautifull siver , 1 '' thick and 4.5 lbs in weight , it stood out on the shelf.the averatec is fast enough so that you really wo n't miss ultra fast processing ( would n't make sense to expect workstation or gamestation ultra speed in a notebook for the road ) i would think.it 's a problem of definition , for me a `` portable pc '' is just what averatec packages in the 3270 , the best performance you can get economically.with a 60/80 gb hd , dvd burner , wireless card , small and light frame , 2.5 hour battery , great screen , 512 mb memory ... i watch dvd 's , browse , work with photoshop , listen to music and get asked frequently `` what pc is that ... for how much.. ?
it does perfectly well all that is not `` extreme '' , but then again , how much extreme do you need.. ?
makes me feel great.i dumped my toshiba satellite and would n't pay 2000 bucks for a replacement , i tell you.but got mine for $ 900.00 and got a $ 150 bucks rebate.need to have the fastestes or most expensive.. ?
do n't look here.need a portable pc ... ?
get an averatec !

1
i 've had several laptops , including brands like toshiba , compaq and hp ... and this one has the same or more arguments to compete against all of them , but at half the price ... .i 've always been an intel guy , this is the very first time i ever had a computer with amd processor .
let me tell you that i 'm falling in love with this one , because when i bought this little rocket , i still had my last laptop , a toshiba with intel pentium 4 running at 2 mhz ... .
my new laptop beated the toshiba in every way .
first , it loads programs faster , heats way lower than the toshiba and battery lasts one more hour ... i would recommend this laptop to anyone ... .
do n't pay the double for a `` premium brand '' , because the only thing you will get is that ... the brand .

1
i could n't be happier with my new averatec av3270 eh1 .
hard drive is huge at 80 mg , if i need more i will just move the hidden partition to a dvd that i burned on the included dvd burner .
the batteries have run for 3.5 hours before giving up with no problems whatsoever .
the monitor is great and the 4.5 lbs makes this my best purchase ever .
beats my 15.1 '' toshiba all to heck .
the sempron is just as fast to me as the toshibas p4 and runs much cooler .
i have had no problems with my wireless connections and it is running great .
sound is mediocre , but what do you expect .
keyboard is tight , but again , what do you expect ?
( ... )

1
in december 2004 i bought this laptop , sight unseen , based upon its excellent reviews on other websites .
it has lived up to expectations .
because of wi-fi and the computer 's light weight , i now prefer to use it instead of my desk top computer for most tasks .
for the past 9 months , this laptop has been used daily and always taken on trips without a single problem.i ca n't comment on averatec 's customer service as i have never needed it .
while i 'm sorry to read that some other buyers have had less favorable experiences , i 'm very pleased with my decision to buy this laptop - at a price far less than many better known brands .

1
la mejor laptop que he tenido en mi vida ... ya esta obsoleta por su capacidad , pero en su epoca fue lo maximo y al menos aun sigue funcionando ... luego de mas de 6 o 7 a & ntilde ; os jaja ; )

1
this is the best laptop hp makes ( imho ) .
it is loaded with features that are unavailable on some other laptops , yet it is so affordiable !
this laptop is best used as a desktop replacement as it is a bit heafty to haul around busy airports for the businessman .
from the moment you first boot it up you can tell that this is the best quality laptop on the market .
you 'll love its snappy keyboard feel and layout , and its brightscreen display .
i recommend that you get the athlon 64 3500+ over the 3200+ if your are looking for improved multi-tasking speeds .
also , spend the extra bucks to get the 128mb graphics card if you want to get the most from games and pictures .
the hp pavilion zv6000 laptop is simply awesome .

1
best in terms of speed , reliability ( no freezing ) and wifi access !
about the `` keys of the keyboard problem '' ... if you have owned a toshiba before that , it will feel unusual the first 2-3 times , after that you get used to the feel of the buttons ... but honestly , after a sony vaio vgnb 100bd and a toshiba m35-s405 ... this notebook is a monster !
: ) ) )

1
i received my laptop in excellent condition and i found it to work in every way , as advertised .
what a find !
sony did it right !
!
!

1
i bought this on refurbished , but it has not died on me yet .
i am quite satisfied , though it has been slowing starting up .
truly a stable and wonderful machine .
no glitches on delivery as well .

1
i really have enjoyed my new laptop .
it has everything i could want .
the only thing i would like is a 9-1 card reader .

1
i have the fs635 which basically means i have the 60 gb hdd and the cd-rw/dvd not dvd-rw ... no big deal , as a student , i do n't have much use for them .
i got it because costco canada was offerend the whole system for a discounted price.i 'm very pleased with the system , the initial onset of euphoric amazement draws itself from the vivid beauty of the screen when sony 's screensaver plays ... this xbrite-eco screen is truly wonderfuly , bright , sharp , and easy on the eyes ... glare does n't bother me at all ... i have n't even noticed any until i overtly think about it.the system speed is fine , i have 512 mb x 1 stick of ram , upgrading to 1 gb would make it more smooth .
graphics are quite decent for a built in video card .
keyboard has little bounce , trackpad is good , external usb mouse an obvious upgrade.battery life for my system is 2.5-2.75 hours with full brightness , wi-fi on , browsing net and word processing , ( standard battery ) , i 'd take it to be greater than 3 hrs with brightness low and wifi off ( as i 'd use it in class ) .the system does lag quite a bit while burning cd-r 's ... but i would n't expect anyone to be doing much during that time period in any case.placement of usb ports is quite nice , for right-handed persons .
speakers are adequeate , decent sound , not too loud , but reproduction is amiable for laptop speakers .
the wi-fi reception is just phenomenal on this system , solid connectivity , picks up my wireless from 3 storey 's up at nearly full strength !
!
!
it should also be noted that the system is a true beauty to look at .
aesthetic appeal is most definitely a part of an expensive system.value-wise , there are better systems out there ... but i would recommend this system for anyone who gets it on sale , or willing to shell out a couple hundred extra dollars .

1
this notebook is by far the best one i 've ever had .
its athlon 64 3200+ processor is really powerful and reliable .
128mb of dedicated video on a ati radeon card gives you very decent 3d gaming , that is more than enough for me .
you can burn dvd 's , listen to music with some very powerful speakers ( they are very good for a notebook ) , and on top of that , a 6-in-1 media card reader to check out the pics from your camera .
wireless lan , bluetooth , what else do you want ?
if you 're looking for a reliable , yet afordable multimedia powerhouse , then the hp pavilion zv6005us is the notebook for you .

1
great cpu with the athlon 64 3200 ... .the brightview screen is outstanding and can be run at less than 100 % brightness in the battery mode without a problem .
my former laptop was a presario 2500 and the screen was n't bright enough without having it maxed out which reduces battery time.good keyboard , sound is very good , only negative is the cpu fan runs constantly but not real loud .
also the coolest running notebook i have owned .
my machine came with 15.4 brightview screen ,512 ram,128mb ati radeon ( r ) xpress 200m video , double layer dvd drive , built in wireless , 80 gb hd .
note there is only one ram slot so if you want to go to 1gb of memory 2 512 's wo n't work .
great value for the money .

1
this remanufactured imb thinkpad was a great investment !
i received a `` looks new '' computer for half the price of a new one .
you can not even tell that it is used .
the computer speed is fast and it is compact and light .
it is in excellent shape .
the only downside is that the battery that should have a 4 hour charge only holds a charge for 1 hour .
but another $ 55 for a new battery and i 'm ready to go ~~ and well worth the money .
still a bargin !
!

1
i bought a used one and i absolutely love it .
only have one problem .
ca n't find a user manual for it .
there is a lot on it that i do n't know how to use .
i would like to know what software is compatible and can i download excel and power point etc ?
anyone knows of a way to get a user manual please e-mail me at az50schick @ yahoo.com .
thanks for reading this .

1
i got the thinkpad t22 on craig 's list for $ 31 , added a wireless card , and installed ubuntu 9.04 .
it works fine .
at present , i have not gotten the microphone to work and i can not play encrypted dvds ( though i think i will eventually overcome this with a few tweaks when i figure this out ) .
i can play youtube videos with no problem .
the speakers work well on this unit too .
i am running all this with 256mb ram .
ubuntu comes with its own drivers , so i did not need to do anything other than follow the directions on the install program , which were simple .
ubuntu runs a bit faster than the previous windows 98 se that was on there before .
for those who do not know about linux , they are free downloads or they can be ordered for the cost of mailing the cd or dvd rom .
i am very happy with this computer and was not surprised when all the other reviews were favorable .
i am mainly wanted to add this review to give some feedback for the linux users .

1
i was using thinkpad t21 for six years , and was extremely satisfied with quality of that laptop ( especially its keyboard , which worked like new after all those years ) .
in sep-2006 i started looking for a replacement laptop - but not because t21 died - and could n't find anything better than t23 .
i hate touch pads ( and all t-series models , starting with t30 , come with both trackpoint *and* touch pad ) , i need three mouse buttons , serial port and both cd-rom and floppy disk .
the best fit for my requirements came in the form of thinkpad t23 ( 2647-n22 ) .
mine has 40 gb hard drive ( it boots in either windows xp , or red hat linux ) , and 1 gigabyte of ram , the maximum amount this model can be upgraded to .
would recommend t23 - and any other thinkpad laptop in general - over anything hp/compaq or dell can offer !

1
i was initially hesitant to buy this laptop because of the heat and fan complaints .
however i 'm glad i did .
it does get hot , and the fan does turn on frequently , but it 's nothing unbearable .
but then again i do n't put it directly on my lap much .
what do you expect when you have a fast processor and graphics card in such a small unit .
i love the display ( bright , crisp ) and the build quality .
the size and weight are great except for the giant ac adapter .
my only really complaint is that the battery only lasts 2.5 hours , which is not great for a light and thin model .
additionally sony is proprietary with regards to parts , so it 's hard to find a cheap extended battery .
overall i very pleased though .

1
after visiting my local best buy store we had narrowed it down to the sony vaio and had placed the order .
i 'm a very inpatient person so we had it send overnight .
i came home only to be disappointed by some of the reviews i found online .
everyone rates this machine bad because it runs hot and the fan is annoying.the reviews from consumers were quite distasteful in my mouth and i almost wanted to cancel my order for the vaio .
i must say i 'm glad i did not cancel my order.i love my new vaio .
as far as the notebook running hot ; it does n't run any warmer than my previous hp pavilion notebook .
per the annoying fan ; it turns on and off a lot but it 's almost silent.other reviewers criticized sony marketing this notebook as a notebook verse a laptop .
what are they smoking ?
i use this notebook as a laptop on my legs for hours at a time and it does n't cause me any discomfort.i 've never written a review before but i felt the vaio received an unjust review by several consumers .
installing the 2gb memory upgrades only took about five minutes .
best-looking lcd notebook screen i 've ever seen .
neat options and slick design .

1
i love this machine .
fantastic performance and gorgeous display at 4.3 pounds .
power and elegance together in one .
the reflective screen is a real plus as well .
longer battery life would certainly be an improvement ( i get just over 2 hours playing dvds ) but that 's about the only negative thing i have to say so far .
as far as the heat i do not see this as being a problem .
my machine does not overheat - it feels a bit warm on the right undersurface but by no means hot - compared to my averatech 3200 the sony is a meat locker ( you can fry an egg on the averatech ) .
as for noise the sony is silent .
another plus for this laptop is the speaker volume .
you can actually pump the volume up loud enough to listen to the soundtrack on a plane or a noisy airport without using earphones - every other laptop i 've used or seen you 'd have to put your ears right up to the speakers even on maximum volume .
three cheers for sony and 5 stars for this gem !

1
i got this notebook july 2005 .
i love it and anyone who sees it with me adores its sleekness , compactness and xbright screen .
i had my worries when i bought it regarding the heating issue , sony told me this is a notebook and not a laptop .
anyways , i have been a vaio user ever since i started using laptops , so i was kind of used to the heating thing .
it is quick , light , very easy to use..the drawback that i see is the lack of enough ports .
no infra red , no bluetooth , no video outlet , only two usb ports , kind if frustrating , till you get used to it..but.. you ca n't ask for everything .
tell you what ?
?
?
?
it is a vaio .
you ca n't compare anything with it .

1
this is a sleek and well designed laptop , its amazing !
before buying this i read the specs ( and reviews by experts ) of many laptops .
also looked at it in 3d to get visual feel for it and others.at 4.3 lbs lcd 13.3 inches 740 pentium centrino ( 1.73ghz ) with a high tech nvidia card ( 128mb dedicated memory ) and dvd+double layer writer ... ..you ca n't go wrong.the size is perfect not too small and not too big .
cant fit neatly in your bag/ backpac.it does get a lttle warm but its tolerable .
it does n't burn .
can still keep it on my thighs with no problem .
have no problem with the fan .
its amazingly quiet , but occasionally it cuts in or should i say speeds up to cool the laptop then gets silent again .
trust me , you do n't notice the fan .
mine is in silent mode .
as one review says , you can change the speed !
my only two regrets ( but minor ) are the battery life ... .i 'm only getting 2 1/2 hours !
!
!
and the battery fits slightly loose .
again its not a real issue , i 'm just being a perfectionist here.secondly , i would have loved built in bluetooth .
settled this problem by getting the zoom bluetooth pc card adapter .
it fits perfect !
performance of this machine is better than my sony vaio pentium 4 1.3 ghz desktop .
this machine is fast !
ca n't wait to see how it performs when i expand my memory to 2gb tomorrow ... will you you inform !
!
no other brand of laptop comes close to producing the sharpness and life-like colour compare to this sony vaio s460 !
oh sony is lucky though that i did n't remove a star !
the s460 is 5 star but i give sony a 3star for not providing a recovery disc ... have to make your own .
not kool sony !
!
also limited accessories ... they only provide a power adapter .
for $ 1899.00 come guys , give a least the recovery disc.all in all , you ca n't go wrong with this laptop .
its beautifully crafted ( makes others envious ) , its truly mobile and functional with great performance .

1
i got my vaio s460 10 days ago , i 've been playing around with it a lot and am very satisfied with it .
about the heat issue , i kind of expected it to be hot after reading some reviews in this site , but to my surprise i found out that it is not that hot .
ok , it gets warm , but not being able to place it on your lap is an exaggeration .
i have spent many hours with this laptop on my lap without any discomfort .
i 've read that most heat is produced by the video card gpu , and there is an option available for reducing heat production and fan noise by decreasing the gpu speed , but i bought this laptop because of the dedicated video card so i do n't see myself using that option.about the fan issue , it is not even an issue ; it is not at all noisy .
it gets on and off repeatedly but is not by any means annoying .
the dvd drive does get noisy when reading some data dvds but then again , it is not annoying.the keyboard is just perfect sized , you wont have any trouble using it , the computer is really fast and the screen is awesome , very bright , i usually use it in brightness 6 when on ac power and in 3 when on battery to extend battery life .
the laptop size is very convenient ; i just get it in my backpack and i 'm gone .
it weights less than the books i used to carry around and it looks really sleek and fancy .
i 'm getting around 3 hours 30 min of battery life , maybe not the best around , but it is ok for my needs .
the only thing that bothered me was to create my own recovery kit , sony should include recovery discs with the laptop.so , it is a very fast , sleek and eye catching little machine , and i would definitely buy it again if i had to buy another laptop .

1
small , faster , efective , i use 4 architecture sketches , digital editions , home movies , and everything , have no trouble to `` drive '' this spectacular `` ferrari '' , so buy it.tnks .

1
the shipping was quick .
i got it before the estimated arrival date .
i 'm very happy with the laptop .

1
hi , i am a 15 year old girl who enjoys spending her time on the computer learning about the latest technologies.right now i am typing on the very computer to whom i am writing the review .
i have had this laptop for 3 weeks now .
it is amazing .
since i am just a student i do not need any heavy duty power consuming software , everything i tell it to do it does with percision and exellence .
iam so happy i waited and researched this for a year and a half .
time surely paid off.everything i have is sony , so my computer works perfectly with my other gadgets .
sony overall is a great company and i certainly hope to purchase from them sometime soon.this is an excellent laptop for students .

1
compared to the other sony series , it is unbeatable .
it has the perfect screen , keyboard , and weight .
the s series has too many cons including heat dissipation and the fan noise .
if you want to buy a sony laptop for a student or home use , get the fs660 .
the t series is perfect for business but please stay away from the sony s460 .
the s360 is better for heat reasons but lacks essential features such as dual-layer dvd burner .

1
great laptop .
very pricy , obviously intended for people willing to shell out a few extra hundred dollars for a good looking brand name laptop .
it has shortcomings such as no built in mic , no external volume control , and lack of s-video out.however , i need this laptop for school , and those features mean little to me .
battery life ( i have the x-brite eco technology , not x-brite ) is 2.5-2.75 hours on full brightness , with wireless on , doing word processing and internet browsing .
i 'd assume with wireless off and low brightness the battery goes beyond 3 hours easily .
i have the standard battery.i 'd attribute the extended battery life to the x-brite eco v. the x-brite technology , it prob drains less battery life , and the screen is just beautiful , very vivid .
the laptop also looks great , why not get something that is pleasing to the eye when shellin out so many hard earned dollars ?
i have 512 x 1 stick of ram , so can easily upgrade to 1 gb for smooth performance ... you should n't need more than that.keyboard is phenomenal , no bounce , low depth of keystroke ... trackpad is simple and responsive .
external usb mouse is a must ... any good old usb mouse will do , nothing fancy needed .
i like the position of the three usb slots ( good for right handed persons ) , they are on the right hand side ... great for that usb mouse.speakers ... not sure how they mach up to toshiba 's harmon-kardons ... but they reproduce sound failry well , not hollow ... but not too loud either.should be noted the fs series at the back has a gap between the screen and the base to make it looks nicer ... i doubt this will break..but just be forewarned ... it does add to its looks though.i would recommend this product .
try to get the x-brite eco screen for the sake of battery life .

1
so it is n't sleek and streamlined like your modern laptops .
not like i plan on racing the thing .
i do find the black matte metal case incredibly appealing , like i could run over it and it would still work , or perhaps use it to bash apart a fancy new laptop.the main reason i bought this computer was because i needed to free up some hard drive space on my pc so the games had to go .
i got a free memory/hard drive upgrade with my thinkpad so i 've been merrily cramming it with resource-hog games and they play loads better than i 'd expected .
i may load a few graphics programs to see how well they work.like older laptops it does get quite hot which makes the dvd/cd drive a bit cranky sometimes but my last desktop pc did the same thing so i can deal with it .
the fan is a bit loud but not distracting .
i probably have the original battery because it 's only good for about two hours but since i normally use the power cord anyhow it has n't been a problem .
i may order a new battery if i start carrying it around.big `` meh '' on the nipple mouse .
i have n't gotten the hang of it and for the moment it 's disabled but i 'll give it another go since it is staring at me with that baleful red eye .

1
i ordered two of these and they both work great .
it 's a good deal as the price was only around $ 150 .
i recommend this product .

1
the condition was good and the order arrived on time ... the notebook had plenty of storage .
fair graphics ... clear and big display .

1
1st , let me start by saying , i 've never really been the biggest fan of laptops in general but for this i have to make an exception .
windows xp will always be better than all other operating systems .
yeah i said it !
from my experience with the more advanced windows such as windows 7/vista they have always been too faulty with all sorts of random errors : slow starting up , trouble/slow connecting , freezing , blank outs screens , the list just goes on & on .
so random , its annoying .
i find that they over-do it with the more advanced systems , i really do n't think most laptops are designed to handle all that .
i much prefer this in windows xp ( pro ) !
i find its more concrete , more sturdy , & i can turn them on with no surprises waiting for me .
i have had very few troubles with it so far : its fast , large screen , nice to look at , reliable , easy to customize .
it even connected to my wireless internet right away & with no prompt .
the battery life is decent as well though i always keep it plugged anyway .
the only problem is this tea kettle whistling noise the battery occasionally makes when plugged but i hardly notice it most of the time .
this is a win win for me in terms of price & quality esp since i find this better than any of the more expensive brands .
what a steal .
ofcourse the ram , free space & memory is pretty small but that does n't matter for me since i do n't plan on downloading or saving much of anything at all .
i 'm sure i 'll have to be very careful with this thing .
i just hope the computer never crashes on me , that 's my only concern .
but good so far .
highly recommended it .
: )

1
i bought this for my two grade-school children to play educational mathematics games on line .
i did simultaneously order a 1-gb memory card to increase memory size , which was easy enough to install ( remove 512 mg chip by unscrewing hatch on bottom of computer ; insert replacement chip .
done ) .
that only added $ 12 to the total.it works fine for the limited tasks i want it to do .
cosmetically in perfect condition .
screen is in good shape.the one odd thing that caught my attention had to do with one software program that was installed , which i had not expected to be installed : powerpoint .
i was glad to have it , but there were a few fragments of old powerpoint presentations still on the machine , from some business that had owned the computer before .
it was n't much , but usually refurbished computers wo n't have anyone 's old data at all.keep in mind that by current standards , the disk drive is small and the processor is slow .
still , my two kids love it .
they had wanted a & # 34 ; real computer & # 34 ; of their own , and now they have one .

1
product arrived quickly and works as guaranteed .
i almost spent $ 400 on a piece of junk from a box store .
for $ 130 i got a better laptop , and the thing is built like a tank .
fantastic -- one of the best purchases i 've ever made on amazon .

1
omg !
!
this is the best computer for the price .
if you have children that need a starter computer this is it .
i mean it works great t for everything but is doesnt have the newest operating system .
it is also a great computer to give to your older parents that are not computer users .
it is a great deal .

1
i use this laptop for my weather station software , so it runs 24/7 and it is on wi-fi network .
i did place cooling pad under the unit to keep cool for 24 hr operation .
my unit came with extended battery which worked great after suffering two 45 minute power outages .
a refurbished unit that is well worth the cost .

1
i received the laptop in a short period of time .
the unit was in great shape and works just as i would expect .
i am very pleased with the purchase and would suggest it to anyone .

1
i was taken aback by the very good condition of the think pad .
i will be purchasing more items in the near future

1
i love this laptop !
i purchased it for work and it runs great , it does everything that i need it to do .
the only thing i do n't like is it is a little noisy at times .
however for the awesome deal i got ... i can ignore that .

1
had it for a week now , for less than 200 $ , it worked great.i installed windows 7 , arrived with 1.5gb ram , so it operates all tasks as net , office and movies .
everything works well

1
ibm thinkpad was purchased for emailing and surfing the web .
but there is so much more that it does .
the price was unbeatable and the purchaser was very good .
i had a question and i called the support line they provided and they were very responsive and helpful.. definetly worth the money and more

1
wonderful laptop , works beautifully for me .
i 'm online all the time and its strong and takes it .
i love the extra mouse option .
fast .
and the touch sense mouse is perfect .
i have tiny hands and the keypad is perfect .
my only complaint is i wish i could download skype without it bluescreening .
but i could always by softwear to help with that .
: )

1
i love this hardy little computer .
now , if you 're looking for something sleek and futuristic this laptop is not for you , but if you want to listen to music , stream videos , do some word-processing and browse the web this computer is perfect .
the wireless also works great .
i ca n't believe it was under $ 200 .
it was worth every penny .
i bought this when my hp laptop crapped out .
it was a little over three years old .
i ca n't afford a new computer right now and needed something just for those basic functions i listed above .
the computer 's old so the battery does n't really hold a charge .
it 's also not the lightest so i do n't leave home with it very often .
it runs windows xp , so you ca n't install some recent and complicated software ( ex .
i could n't install the software for my zune mp3 player , but i had no problem with spotify ) .
these are the only minor complaints that i have .
the only thing that i wish it had is a webcam , but that 's not a big deal .
i do n't really skype that much anyway .
this laptop gives you more than enough bang for your buck .
i would recommend it to anyone who wants a cheap and simple machine that they 're going to mostly keep in the house .

1
this computer does everything i need -- surf the web , write e-mails , watch movies , create backup dvds of data , and synchronize with my smartphone .
the keyboard is great , screen is good and overall quality is very good .

1
i got this laptop and have been playing around for a whole day now .
i will have to still see how it plays out in a few months.. but i was surprised to get a refurbished one for this price .
even though this product is now lenovo , ibm laptop 's have always been a reliable product .
really good deal for the price.. go for it..

1
great product in ( almost ) mint condition , everything is functioning well so far and i 'm more than glad l bought it .
it was at a very cheap price so l didnt know what to expect , but l ca n't even find a flaw to point out ; even the delivery came earlier that it should have .
i will definitely enjoy this laptop for a long time .

1
when i first saw it was just a laptop but it had the best pictures better than a mac book and then you die

1
i did n't realize how nice it is to take a little computer like this to the waiting rooms at drs & auto service .
i purchased some head phones with a little microphone for $ 20 and play movies or a `` learn spanish '' program i have .
it finds the internet where ever i go but i do n't use it for internet .
it is a low end laptop which means the graphics card wo n't run the battlefield series of games and may not run some of the other i do n't know because i do n't those type of games on it .
it has done everything i want it to do .

1
i have had this computer for about a month now.and it is great.at first i said i would not buy a gateway when they first came out because i owned one a long time ago and it was not nice.thats when windows 98se was out and that was the worse operating system i have ever noticed .
ever !
but now you have vista to take it 's place.so i decided to go ahead after years of thinking and i bought this gateway and it is by far the best looking and the best working one i have seen today.i work on computers and i would normally by a dell are a ibm around 5 years of age because they last forever.they new model computers i do n't care what model they are will last you for a year tops if you use them enough.as you can see this laptop is still around and still working !
get it !
how many can say that when they go to besy buy and buy a laptop new !
how many times did you go back and if your warranty was up you were screwed !
its a great laptop with a full keyboard i mean a full keyboard like you have on a desktop.not squeezed together like the newer model laptops !
all kind of buttons for your every need.i give this laptop rave reviews and its still going and count the years when it first came out and then count the years of the newer model laptop you have and does it still work.for this laptop to still work after 8 years i am please with no problems so how about that !
cant say that for many laptops now a days.you get 1 year with all that junk in it and it will last 1 year.now i ask you whats better a laptop working for a long time are a suped up one that last a year.i got my money worth plus and this laptop still works without a hitch.upgraded to 2gb of memory and 100gb hardrive.and now i can add up to 500 gigs with the new ide pata drives.man i have no complaints take it from me it will last you for ever !
and i can put any operating system on it including windows 7 .
hows that for a laptop 8 years old and still can hang better than the new laptops haaaa !
haaa !
!
i bet you understand me now !
good luck cause this laptop rocks !

1
i am an it professional with 7 degrees and certifications .
in fact i am working on 3 more now .
i have had the m675 since 2004 .
it is still going strong .
i also have a gateway m685 ( 2007 ) that has bit the dust hard .
it needs a new laptop screen .
and i have a gateway nw78 ( 2010 ) .
obviously i like gateway and their full size keyboards .
the m675 is as solid as can be .
it has had some work done on it but it still works .
i am going to upgrade it to windows 7 in the next two weeks .
it does get hot but i am sure it will be around for years .
it just works .
it has 4 tb of external drives attached and just has no issues at all .
wireless works great .

1
over the last 5 to 6 years i have had a range of different brands of laptops .
for the last two years i have had a portege that has proven superb for my type of use .
i travel a lot and use my computer almost daily .
the portege is proven to be hugely reliable with fast perfromance .
two important features for me have been ; its light weight and very good battery life ( up to 8 hours plus ) .
i strongly reccomend it for some with user needs such as mine .

1
toshiba 's always done it up right , and this is no different !
only issue i 've found with it is sometimes people with not so great eyesight have got to literally use a magnifying glass on this one .
enlarging the text through other means tends to cause blurring that can give you a headache ... however , for small and portable , this baby rocks .

1
i was not expected such performance from this lap..i install windows 7 on it and it works very good , without hanging.. thanks to seller

1
this is a beautifully designed system .
nice blend of a high powered computer together with a fabulous display and extra controls ( remote as well as on-board volume control dial , etc . )
tv tuner , dvd and cd player can be used without booting system or boot up and use it as a tivo with window media .
sweet !
this is the direction the world is going .
: o )

1
pros : great for ms office work and word processingcons : do n't try to to cad work on this thing- it does n't have a graphics card worth anything other than office workbottom line : if you need a disposable computer for word processing / highschool / college / harsh environment use- this is it.some times you just need a disposable computer to handle admin stuff and then destroy / ditch - expendable.this is that type of computer .
it is great for the internet / word processor / office .
past that - it is expendable .

1
long live mac !
it easy to use ; the software is pragmatic and fun ; i hook it up to my printer and e-mac without any problems .
i 'm now using a wireless router for e-mail and internet and it 's great .
i 'm already preparing presentations for school in the fall.my only complaint is that some of the software that was bundled for a free-trial offer has already expired.i 've used both mac and pc and all i 've got to say is , why would anyone want a pc when they couldf have a mac ?

1
this is definitely one of the best notebook computers on the market .
i really like the long battery life and how quickly it goes in and out of sleep mode .
it 's very fast and intuitive , and best of all it comes with just about all of the software that you 'd ever need so you do n't need to buy any .
( i did purchase m $ office 2004 for mac and it is perfectly compatible with the pc version .
i 'm a student so i need office . )
all and all i think that apple is where it 's at as far as notebook computers are concerned because it 's so well designed .
on the apple notebooks the ports are all on the side , no need to climb around the screen to plug stuff in , also the ventilation is in the back as opposed to on the bottom , no more dust in your cpu fan and no need to worry about a blocked vent when it sits in your lap .
wonderful product !
!

1
i do n't make a habit of reviewing items , this is my first .
had to put my 2 cents in.i bought one of these when they first came out and i have been using it daily ever since .
i upgraded to mac os x 10.5 but other then that , i have n't had to do anything to the computer .
it has absolutely been a great machine .
also , my wife has one and she loves hers .

1
this is my third apple laptop and am pleased by the ease of use and the features included on this computer .

1
finally this just came through and i am honestly amazed by this machine .
let me discuss dirst why i went for this machine : ( i have 3 xp desktops and 1 notebook from the office ) 1 .
i just enrolled in a distance learning course and wanted an independent light machine to work on for school only2 .
this was perfectly priced for my budget3 .
needed to easliy connect in my apartment 's wireless network4 .
i love the zoom feature in mac ( i have vision problems looking @ small fonts .
in windows this is not a standard featre and u cant enlarge eveything on all applications ) 4 .
mac is still virus free !
i honestly do n't care what they say about the viruses situation .
let the truth be told : so even if mac viruses picked up in the last few months , it can never compare to the ongoing agony on xp machines ( if anyone is counting on numbers of spy-wear , viruses , registry corrupters etc on xp .
please check the stats with nsa ! )
i frankly just want a pc that works and does n't require infamous : dll error fixers !
buying more registry cleaning programsbuying more antivirus junkbuying more anti spy wear junketcthis little machine is perfect for anyone who wants to work on internet/word processing/presentations/spreadsheets ( although u might want to pickup an ms office for mac . )

1
my recent purchase of the apple ibook notebook with superdrive is very usier friendly .
i am not a genius when it comes to computers and the ibook was the perfect fit for me .
it was easy to setup and in my opinion an excellant value .

1
i hate computers , it always seems that if there is any possibility for me to do something wrong i do .
but , i am a student and had to get something mobile to work on so i picked up this lovely item and all my computer prejudices melted away.let others debate the mac v. pc issues .
all i have ever wanted to do is the basic computer stuff : e-mail , word processing , listen to some music , maybe load some pictures from my digital camera .
.
.
so far this lap top has made life a breeze for this technological moron.it arrives in an attractive box ready to go .
i literally opend up the box and was on the internet in a matter of minutes .
the small keyboard has taken some time to get used to but i can not think of anything bad about this computer.additionally , once you own a mac you are privy to the benefits of a kind of subculture .
.
.
all kinds of people tell me that they admire my ibook 's sleek design and glowing apple in the cover , or long time mac owners volunteer info on shortcuts etc.so in short .
.
.
buy the ibook because it is a all around solid investment and it 'll even make you new friends .
what more can you want !
?

1
all i can say is that this is the perfect laptop , my track record along with all thepositive reviews here must say something .
i must make note of the one reviewerwho could n't understand why his hard drive had 20gb 's filled up .
this goesto show that apple offers plenty of extras loaded on the hd and the factthat trouble free osx uses a little more space than windows .
plug in almostany camera , printer , scaner or anything and chances are your ibook will loadwithout adding software , all these drivers save much time and frustrationand well worth the little space on the hd .
yes , if your picky about this or thatanyone can find fault with anything but try to find a better laptop for themoney you 'll be hard pressed to come close to the ibook.pc users with an open mind will soon discover why mac 's are lovedaround the world , join the family of happy ibook owners and enjoy !

1
i love this laptop .
i am blown away by its speed , agility and ease of use .
as someone who now uses a computer mainly to manage email and family photos/movies , there is now better system than a mac .
i bought mine at the apple store , [ ... ] a+ to the apple .

1
-- -- -- -six months later -- -- -- i have upgraded to 1 gb ram .
still works flawless .
i have maybe had to restart it 2 or 3 times in 6 months .
i can not wait to upgrade my home computer to a new mac.
-- -- -- -old review -- -- -- -- -- like other reviewers , this is my first mac .
i got turned on to the mac brand with the 20gb ipod i bought 6 months ago .
within a month of buying my ipod , i knew my next computer would be a mac.i was amazed at the simplicity of the intial boot process .
i was impressed with the ease of conectivity to my wireless network , and to the pc 's on my network .
this machine has not consumed my time like new windows boxes do .
i struggled with `` hot-keys '' on my pc 's , here they are a cinch and a joy to use .
i also bought the ms office for this , and i love it !
the quicken that came with this machine is not some cheap 3 month `` demo '' , but a full on version .
the super-drive rules , making cd burns simple .
the 512 mb is enough for me , although i likely will add more .
many of my friends are mac fans , and i have made fun of them for years .
i have eaten my words .

1
what can i say ?
?
?
?
best hardware and software for the price !
!
sorry microsoft but as a user since dos , i can honestly say you are about another 20 years from matching os x !
!
!
!
has n't crashed once with heavy use !
!
comes with excellent software so there is n't much to buy !
!
!
!
if you do n't want to deal with windows problems or if you are sick of windows problems , this is the machine for you !
!
!
!
!
!

1
i admit that i do n't know a lot about computers , so this review will be all about my feelings !
i have never owned any type of computer other than a mac , although at school i sometimes am required to use a pc .
using the pc is always depressing and counter-intuitive to me and i am always happy when i am back on a mac .
i have owned apple computers since 1990 or so , and i can truthfully say that i have never needed to get any of them repaired or serviced !
is n't that amazing !
i 've never had a virus .
i 've never had a crash .
these are experiences i have read and heard about , like unicorns and ufos , but never experienced for myself.sometimes , however , i need to know how to do something obscure and i ca n't quite figure it out .
in such cases i call the apple-care hotline .
now anyone who has ever called , say , the microsoft hotline knows how awful calling a computer-related support number can be ... you 're on hold forever right ?
and then you end up saying your name 20 times to someone in bangladesh who does n't really know the product , right ?
well , if this sounds like something you would like to avoid with a computer product , get a mac .
i have never been on hold more than 5 minutes and then i get a friendly , knowledgeable and often funny person who is located in the us !
i know !
impossible right ?
!
?
but it 's true !
!
!
it is a real joy !
and i very much love tiger osx and on this computer in particular .
it is so fast and you can have 20 programs open with no problems at all !
you can burn dvds and cds on it with such ease .
i have never had to read a manual to use a mac .
most of the time i think `` how would i design the computer to work if it were up to me ? ''
and guess what ?
it works the way you would think it would.also , i do n't know if this is the case for all computers now , but i love the search feature where i can type in the most obscure word or term from an undergraduate paper i wrote 5 years ago , like `` teleological suspension of the ethical '' and it will show me every single thing on my computer what has that sentence *anywhere* in it .
in a 20 page paper i did n't even remember writing !
that 's amazing.i am very much an apple advocate .
it is the one product i can think of that i will actually tout the merits of , and defend against lame pc advocates in public .
i just think the mac is one of the last well-made products in this sorry , war-ridden and weary world of ours .

1
my old g3 ibook died ( which i had bought second hand ) due to a defective motherboard .
i sent the computer to apple for repair , but supplies were on back order and would take more than a month to arrive .
apple subsequently sent me a brand new ibook g4 `` 14 as a replacement , free of charge .
not only was my original g3 3 years old , but i was not even the original owner .
it did n't matter .
apple treated me like a valuable customer .
the ibook g4 is a great computer , and it 's nice to have a company backing their products up with great customer service .
though i only used pcs before i got my original g3 , i am now a lifelong apple user .

1
i love my ibook so much .
not only is it easy to use , but its really cute .
i 've always been a mac user , but have had to use pcs a lot for school and can honestly say macs make so much more sense .
plus , my mac has never crashed on my or ate any of my papers , etc .
i have convinced some of my pc friends to switch to mac and none of them regret it .
i know the price is a little more , but the quality and constumer servies are just so much better then what you get in the pc world .
so , buy a mac and carry it around with you !

1
now that i know that we ( i ) are stuck with os x for better ( mostly ) then a new mac is the only way to go .
there are many things this low-tech mac pilot likes about all things mac , but the loss of some really fine features by the intro of os x is hard to take .
not being able to just go into a `` control panel '' and uncheck an unwanted program for example , or knowing how much you are dumping in the trash for another .
the idea of `` crash proofing '' the system is a good trade off i will admit , but sometimes i wish the programmers had n't been so quick to do away with the easy to use stuff just to create a new and better system !
!
!
!
sometimes the price of progress is a bit steep .
that said , i would n't touch a pc with a ten foot firewire cord , so i 'm happy to have a superdrive and all the other goodies the ibook has , though i really doubt i will use half of them .
iphoto is a cute gimmick , but i prefer photoshop , itunes are nice to have , but with a dial-up causing all things like this to load slowly and often , i 'm just not going to get into it .
and there 's not that much worth listening to on radio ... ... and etc.
, etc.
, etc .
still !
even a curmudgion will like an ibook .
this one does .

1
love it , it was in great condition for a used computer .
perfect for school , i 'm in high school and it lets me complete all my assignments !
would definitely recommend !
!

1
the apple ibook is the best computer that i 've ever had.. not only is it beautiful but its very efficient and easy to use .
i have not had any problems with it in the 2 months that ive owned it , unlike other computers i have .
i have an hp desktop that i purchased last year and ive already had to get a new monitor and the tower turns off on its own .
hp gave me the run around about fixing it , even though i was still in warranty .
after countless hours on the phone with a foreign country i gave up and purchased this ibook .
the programs that are preinstalled are wonderful and the customer service specialist are friendly and easy to understand .
if your in the market to buy a computer i would definitely recommend that you purchase an ibook .

1
i have owned various computers since 1991 : mac 128kcalssic iilc 520mac portablepowerbook 160duo 2300cpowerbook 5300cibook tangerinepowerbook g4 12 indell desktop-my only mistake ... : - ( after developing somne vision problems , i finally decided it was time to retire `` little al , '' my powerbook g4 12 inch model .
the purchase of this ibook would qualify as the best purchase of a computer in my long and illustrious computer career .
it spanks the dells i have to use at school , both in terms of usability and in terms of raw power .
i would recommend getting the biggest hd you can afford .
also , since memory is relatively cheap , max it out .
i do the web ppage for the school where i teach , and i usually have the following apps open simultaneously : netscape , safari , firefox , interarchy , word , graphic converter , and preview.all in all , a great purchase.ted

1
i am so happy and amazed with this computer .
it 's elegant , powerful , and loaded with all kinds of nice features .
it 's really an amazing step up from anything i 've owned before.the wireless pulls down signals much more strongly than any laptop i 've used before ( my previous laptops were top-of-the-line dells ) , and the screen is big and bright with deep , rich colors.dvd viewing and multimedia files are pretty phenomenal on this machine , as well.if you 're in the market for a laptop , it honestly does n't get any better than this .

1
i 've been on a look out for a notebook for about 6 months , so you can be sure i 've researched the subject thoroughly.at first i have skipped acer ferrari as marketing ploy , but having finalized my requirements and matching the existing models i 've come to conclusion that ( at least on paper ) ferrari 4005 is the worthy contender.my requirements were : -64 bit capability-powerful video card with dedicated memory ( at least 128mb ) -wide screen-at least 80gb hdd and at least 1gb of ram-be light enough to be portable-good durability , looks and ergonomicshere 's how acer ferrari 4005 fits the bill : - it 's one of the 1st notebooks to use amd 's turion , 64 bit processor designed for mobility- x700 mobile radeon ( yes ! )
- wide 15.4 '' screen ( check !
but read the cons bellow ) - fast 100gb hdd and 1gb ram- carbon fiber casing - light !
- durable - i actually dropped it once from about a feet - no trace/problem whatsoever- looks stylish , but not too flashy- love the keyboardok , so there are notebooks out there that match some of this : - you can get asus barebone and stick _almost_ all you want in there , which is what i seriously considered , but if you match the features closely asus becomes more expensive , while delivering less ( and it 's harder to get ) .- dell 's are just too expensive.- toshiba , sony , lg do n't use amd 's processors ( silly buggers ) and while pentium m is close in performance area and goes easier on the power/heat it 's not 64 bit , and p4 is way worse in that respect than even non-mobile amd 64.now the disappointments : - i worked for a bit on an hp notebook and i have to say , its screen performed better in terms of color reproduction .
for example looking at hotmail inbox you ca n't distinguish unread emails by the line color.- it warms up noticeably during normal use .
it can grow uncomfortable in heavy use - cpu and graphics card are the main contributors.- the headphones volume is quite low ( what 's up with that ?
! )
- no advanced wireless config utility for built-in broadcom 11g.and that 's all !
now back to the good : - amazing viewing angle - if you can see the surface you gon na see the image.- drivers for 64 bit windows xp are available now.- speakers positioning and sound are awesome.- sockets positioning is very good .
4 usb ports !
- videocard will run bf2 and/or longhorn/vista equally well.- if you 're wondering about the speed - run some tests , do n't just rely on your feelings , you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
- you ca n't see it on the pictures , but the finish is nicely soft to touch on the working surface : ) in short , i think this notebook is worth every dime !
this review has been typed using it .

1
i got my medion akoya notebook last june as a gift from my husband and i absolutely love it .
we got it for less than $ 1,000 including tax at bestbuy .
i love the white color and i like the fact that it is so thin and light .
it only weighs about 5 lbs with the battery .
the only downside was it took us some time to figure out how to connect to the internet because it has an internal cable .
you have to push a certain button on the top to connect every time you start the computer .
other than that , it is really convenient and easy to use .
it is small , light , has all the features you need in a desktop and the price really , is cheaper than most .

-1
i bought this for my mother about 2 weeks ago and its still not set up .
you call the 800 number and have to leave a message .
no one has called back .
the one time i got a human to answer the phone , she just said to leave a name , number and a message .
i explained that i had and i would like to speak to someone .
she hung up on me : ( support is only monday - friday 8-5 pacific time .

-1
purchased the mail bug in april of 2012 for my mother .
worked just fine .
price was fair .
mother moved out of facility where she was staying and no longer needed the mail bug .
so i canceled it around may of 2013 shortly after i had paid for a year in april of 2013. mail bug indicated they would send me a refund of i believe $ 51 and change .
to date i have not seen this money .
so my assessment of this company is they do not have good business practices if they can not take care of the customers that followed all of the rules .
it 's not even the money as much is it 's the principle .

-1
so far the mailbug has proven to be totally unreliable .
i tried for more than 1/2 hour monday night to log in and i was refused .
with no customer support available at night , you waste an evening twidling your thumbs waiting for them to get back to you .
and there 's no help on the weekends , either .
i guess the old saying is true : you get what you pay for .
pay little , get little .
it 's toobad , too .
the machine itself is a good machine but the human factor is what screws it up .
i was hoping to use this in my work as a freelance writer , emailing stories on deadline to news organizations but i do n't think it 's reliable enough for that .

-1
i ordered this machine for my 75 year old mom who is very hard of hearing .
she has a mailstation that has just recently died .
she loves emailing everyone and since i live in another state , it 's a good way to check on her every day by the emails she sends .
i just got off the phone with landel ( the company that makes these machines ) to go a head and set up the account for her .
i was informed that she had to do it with the machine there .
when i explained she ca n't hear , they suggested i have her return the one i ordered from amazon and buy it from them .
i 'm sure amazon would find that statement interesting .
i was informed i could n't set it up and she would have to do it or find someone who can help her .
what her 80 year old friend ?
so i am appalled at the lack of thought that went into this set up as i 'm sure there are plenty of people in my situation .
so just be aware this is the case before you purchase this product .

-1
i am extremely disappointed and feel cheated .
the computer turned on for all of 10 minutes and i have not been able to turn it on since then !
what a waste of my hard earned limited income !
i will never buy another used electronic item .
i feel like i just gave my money away !

-1
not satisfied withnthis product at all .
can not access the internet no matter what i try and have not been able to get any help from the seller nor a refund for the product

-1
i really do not like the product that i got .
it is not willing to connect to the internet , i 've tried numerous ways .
the screen does not want to turn on unless its in a certain position which makes it impossible to type and read at the same time .
i am really disappointed in this product .

-1
it is one thing to have various problems with a computer , but another to have incompetent and indifferent tech support.i had my compaq presario 1200 notebook for 3 months before i lost the first hard drive .
first i had problems with the sound drivers , then i had problems with windows me program and finally with the hard drive.when the hard drive totally crashed ( only 3 months old ) i spent almost two hours trying to get help from technical support .
4 individuals ( one brain dead , one total indifferent , one telling my that my year warranty did not include the hard drive and one that disconnected me , ) the last tech told me to send it back and it would be two weeks before i would get the machine back .
two weeks for a person that works on the road is untenable.the second hard drive lasted three months .
the machine locked up and was not restorable when i was in south america .
i was without a computer for 2 more months .
when i returned to the usa i went through [ a lot ] again with the customer service ( oxymoron with compaq ) .
the service representative and supervisor are from india or pakistan and their english is very difficult to understand .
they have to have me read and reread and reread again the basic information to them ( serial number , etc. )
.
another sad state of affairs at compaq/hp .
finally they sent me the box to return the machine and assured me that i would get top priority ( as i was to return to s.a. ) .
two weeks passed and when i called ( five days before leaving for s.a. ) they said they could not find my computer .
un ... believable !
i can not stress strong enough ... avoid compaq .
the quality is poor and the service is nonexistent.now i am stranded without a computer .
i lament the day i bought this computer .

-1
i purchased this computer on august 5th and it came in on august 11th .
it did not work .
i contacted dell and they told me i needed more memory , even though this computer should have had enough memory .
they refused to send it to me and i was forced to purchase more memory on my own .
the computer still did not work correctly i was hit by hurricane charley and was without power for a week , followed in six weeks ' time by hurricanes frances , ivan and jeanne .
these hurricanes left me without power and internet connection for a total of almost four weeks .
when i finally got to the point where i could deal with this computer again , i contacted dell to return it .
they refused to allow me to return it because i had n't returned it within their 15-day time period .
i explained what happened with the hurricanes and they still refused to grant an exception .
i am now stuck with a computer that does not work .
please do not purchase a dell computer .
you will have nothing but headaches .

-1
i wish i had read his review ( and the first review ) before i bought one .
this is the perfect machine - except for that lousy hard drive .
made that click every time it accessed the disk .
drove me crazy .
the system lasted only 15 minutes before i took it back .
checked the demo in a retail store and it did it too .
if you care about noise at all , stay away from this computer .
broke my heart to return it .
ca n't find a thing with similar specs .
if only compaq would put 16mb of video ram into their 1720 instead of 8mb , that would do it .
or if toshiba put a intel-m instead of a regular intel into the 5005 .
oh , well .
guess i 'll wait for the next wave of laptops ...

-1
i did receive the laptop tiger enterprise is a big rip off .
they were going to take the money and run .
please do not order anything off them .
you will never receive your item .

-1
you get what you pay for , which is n't much .
it 's a good enough laptop , but i ultimately returned it and got a mac .

-1
i had a horrible time with this seller , i ordered a laptop from him for my son for christmas , it worked for a day , i contacted leo systems and he said he was on vacation and not feeling well , he said to have it shipped to his address by january 3rd 2011 , i did as he asked and it took 3 weeks to get a replacement after he said he would make sure it was a good working laptop , and he said he felt bad for my son having a bad laptop , and it was his promise to send a new refurbished laptop , or he would fix the one i sent back to him , he sent one back it worked for a few days , after paying for the product and shipping , and then paying the shipping to send it back to him and then getting another one that did n't work , i am very unhappy with this seller !
!

-1
it came with a broken usb port and the computer is so old that is the only usb port there is .
i bought this for my daughter for christmas and she cant even charge her ipod of download her pictures from her camera ... very unsatisfied ...

-1
from the packaging , it was obvious that this laptop was broken when it shipped .
it looked like it had been dropped on its corner , the case was broken , it was difficult to open the screen and there is a loose piece of something rattling around inside .
it wo n't even complete the post , it starts and then shuts off .
i bought this as a gift , now i 'm empty-handed .
i would never buy from this group again .

-1
i hope the person who cheated me got in big trouble for this .
i have to be careful in what i order for amazon .

-1
this laptop is a piece of junk .
very little in the way of memory expansion and the hinges are pitiful -- i have to prop the screen up against something so it does n't flop over .

-1
two major flaws .
1 .
video is very poor , unwatchable , due to video card problems , which hp knows about but refused to fix .
2 .
the keyboard will quit working .
this problem hp knows about but yet again refused to address .
so if you do not want to use your laptop for video or typing this is the perfect machine .

-1
if your are looking for a good used laptop ... ... ... .look elsehwere .
the fxa47 is loaded with software and problems and very poor customer support .
in the 2 years we have had it , it has stayed in the case most of the time because of lockups .
i have restored it several times to original configurations with no help .
sony is clueless and wants to charge for phone supoport and has only responded to 1 of my e-mails .
it seems that everytime we install software the computer wants to lock up .
my compaq 2715us works great with out any problems .
i will never by another sony product .

-1
firts of all - never buy this computer - new or used !
it gets so warm at the bottom , you can not hold it at all.in addition it switches to 800mhz by himslef and there is no way you can switch it back to 1.2ghz .
imagine you render your home movie , you do not touch the keyboard or mouse for a few hours , and the cpu gets to the half of the speed !
how nice !
!
!
also it eats the battery so fast , that you will not believe .
stated & quot ; up to 1.5 & quot ; hour is ok , if you do not run any application and screen is off , and you do n't do any keyboard or touch pad work .
otherwise it lasts less then 45 min of normal work .
i bought mine new in best buy .
in 14 month it gets broken -power switch does n't power up the laptop up .
i waited 53 days !
!
!
until i 've got it back from the & quot ; best buy -- & gt ; compaq -- & gt ; best buy & quot ; repair center .
and guess what !
!
!
in few days i 've got similar problem again .
to switch the laptop on , you have to wait until its completely cool down ( approximately an hour after you switching it off ) .
in addition they replaced the dvd drive ( i did n't complain about fixing old one at all ) .
now drive gets stuck from time to time and do not lead out .
compaq says now that i have to contact best buy .
best buy says : & quot ; bring it in and wait for another few months & quot ; .
they thought me a good lesson never ever buy extended warranty from retailer.the only good thing about this laptop - it has a cool design !
but i better go for sony for my next laptop .

-1
i will never buy another compaq notebook .
this one i barely used for about 20-30 hours , and compaq will do nothing to help me other than send me to a service center .
they want 100 bucks an hour just to diagnose it .
ha - never again compaq !

-1
with a little searching , i 'm finding that i 'm not alone with having a complete lemon of a computer !
do not buy !
do some research first , it 's very easy !
; ) in summary : i bought this in june 03 from compusa.com as 'refurbished ' ( note : never buy refurbished computers ! )
thus it has no warranty ... too bad , cause 6 months later , turns out i have the same overheating/shut off problem as others have detailed .
i discovered this last wk , early feb '04 .
since then , i 've spent about 6hrs talking to hp support ... with nothing to show for it .
absolutely worthless !
!
!
finally , i called hp hq in ca ... and they were very unsympathetic !
needless to say , they say & quot ; tough sh*t & quot ; and wo n't drop a dime for it .
i would n't be so pissed off if this were n't obviously a defective model !
!
!
( this was told to me by seattlelaptop , who 've repaired & quot ; over a dozen in the last 7 months & quot ; .
i 'm currently collecting other similar experiences .
if you have any , please share : lclaroche at hotmail dot com

-1
i totally agree with hardware fan from ny and california and more .
first a little background-my first laptop was a toshiba 2850 cdt .
it was a disaster but i managed to sell it at half the price .
i guess i failed to learn from experience and bought 5105-s607 last year .
initially i used it very sparingly but as i started using it regularly this year i found:1 .
the hard drive was making all kinds of noises2 .
the famous toshiba amr modem went grom 50k to 37k to 28k and finally 7-9kbps3 .
the machine was getting extremely hot and4 .
the battery life was miserable ( 1.5 hours ) i promptly called their tech support .
they seem to full of asians and hispanics who barely speak english ( if you can call that english ) .
initially they jerk you off & quot ; it is a software problem .
reload the cd's.
& quot ; after hours of explaining they sent a box for this thing to be sent to their world-renowned depot in memphis .
to make a long story short , i have returned it 5 times .
what the & quot ; depot & quot ; does it reformat the hard drive and ship it back the same day .
never mind that machine is like a heater or modem does nor work-just reformat it .
i have been told that hard drive and modem was replaced .
lies !
the hard drive after & quot ; replacement & quot ; has the same serial number and it is the same old defective modem ( though they replaced the phone jack ! )
.
i discussed with then replacement or exchange of the computer- & quot ; thats not our policy & quot ; .
so i am left with a hot piece of plastic , toshiba has now stopped even reformatting the hard drive though they are willing to send again a box to take this this back to memphis- where i already know what they do.the one star is for audio/video if you want to listen to music or watch movies.i think i have a lost cause but i am posting this review so that people who buy toshibas with their hard-earned money know what they are facing .
buyer beware .

-1
first , customer service for hewlett packard is deplorable .
within one year of owning this laptop , the modem broke and the lcd screen started to flicker .
even with a one year warranty , hp would not fix the problem .
by the 18th month , the hard-drive crashed completely - beyond repair .
this was a computer that was used mainly for e-mail and dvd viewing only .
avoid this notebook ( and any other hp products for that matter ) .

-1
this has been a horrible computer compared to the others that i/my dad have had ( about 10 i think between us ) .
i have had it for four years , to the day in two days .
it seems to have gone into failure .
different parts have broken down since i 've had it .
first the battery and ac adaper within the first year and hp was utterly no help .
i had to wait 8 months for my supplimental warranty to replace them because hp would not .
then just after the first year the hard drive crashed for no reason , just stopped spinning .
this happened again two years late and they were both the ones that hp sent out for the laptop .
also the keyboard had been unresponsive , even though it has been examned and there is no mechanical problem .
same with the sound .
it has been intermittent for a couple of years and there is no known mechanicl or software cause for this .
over all i have decided never to buy hp again ( or compaq ) , which is too bad because they used to be a decent brand .

-1
... windows xp is apparently so new that almost no software or hardware works with it -- including an epson scanner which is supposed to .
i am about to try to reload the entire system for the ?
?
?
( i 've forgotten how many times now ) to bring it back to factory settings and hopefully get this machine to work ...

-1
this is the worst computer i have ever had !
had problems from the start !
would constantly over-heat with very little use .
sound never worked properly , very choppy .
on month 13 , the screen died out .
customer care was a joke !
they wanted me to pay to ship it to kentucky and then pay for them to diagnose the problem and then pay for them to fix the problem and pay to ship it back to me .
i was told a replacement screen would run upwards of $ 600 .
it 's been sitting useless since .
i will never buy a sony product ever again and strongly warn against buying this notebook .

-1
this computer is very heavy .
the screen is cheap .
battery life is an insult ( 90 min at best ) .
the computer gets so hot , it puts my oven to shame .
as others noted , the fan rarely turns off and is as loud as a leaf blower ( i ca n't take a nap with laptop on ) .
and of course it is always shutting down , or shuts down when you try to power it out of hibernation .
i used to think it was a problem with one of my drivers , but from reading these reviews and seeing how ubiquitous the problem is , its obvious compaq dropped the ball on this one .

-1
i have an aunt and an uncle that work for compaq , so i got this computer relatively cheap .
i was very excited when i got it because at the time it was one of the fastest on the market .
about three months after i got it , it started shutting off whenever it wanted , more and more frequently , and the fan will not stop , even when the cpu usage is below 3 % !
!
!
i sent it back , not once , but twice !
same problem over and over again .
now my warranty is up , same problem ... do you think that compaq 's customer service would help me or my family members that worked for them ?
?
no .
not only does it still shut off all the time , but the cd-drive is burnt to hell ... cant even read a cd-rom .
guess what else ?
the floppy drive wont work either .
all i can do is type in ms word for about an hour , thats it .
i would never reccomend this computer to even my worst enemies .
get a dell .
seriously .

-1
i bought this computer in december of 2002 .
i had no problems at all with the computer.goods : the computer ran fast with 2.0 ghz pentium 4 processor and 256 mb of ram .
the hard drive has plenty of space to hold music , movies , pictures , etc .
i love the dvd/cd+rw drive , and built in 3.5 floppy.bads : the fan can be a bit noisy if you plan on leaving your computer on overnight .
the video card is small although a radeon .
the size of the computer is terrible it weighs almost 10 pounds , so dont play on taking it anywhere before working out .
and worst of all , the fans are not strong enough for the big processor that toshiba put in the computer .
you will be in the middle of a game about to finish , or watching a movie , or in-my-case finishing your html website when boom it shuts off .
you wait a minute , turn the computer back on , and it is normal running fine .
but make sure not to run to many programs or open too many windows or you will find yourself staring at a blank screen.because of this major problem i called toshiba .
i talked to an indian who i could barely understand and all she told me was that the only thing she could think it would be was a defective processor ... great !
i was told to send it to toshiba .
so i did .
last friday morning i sent my computer to toshiba .
i am still waiting for it to return hopefully fixed .
because of this major problem i would not advise anyone to buy this computer .
you will definitely be dissatisfied .

-1
i bought this laptop and we used it for one week and it died on us .
thankfully it was only $ 260 and now we know to buy a new one .
guess i should have researched it better .
buyer beware is all i can say .

-1
do not buy this machine .
i got my 1955-s803 for graphics and travel and have regretted it ever since .
although the screen is large , the resolution is less than many 15 & quot ; screens .
the keyboard feels nice , but it simply quit working after about 4 months of lower-than-average use .
in addition , wireless networking died .
when i took the machine to a toshiba-authorized repair center , they replaced the motherboard and keyboard , but put the ( previously working ) mousepad in upside down and never got it to work again .
after three weeks , i demanded my computer back .
three weeks after that , the keyboard died again .
i took the machine to a different repair shop .
they replaced the motherboard again , but the machine only lasted another couple of weeks before the keyboard went again .
this time , i wiped the hard drive to eliminate any unseen driver conflicts .
unfortunately , the repair disks that toshiba sent me were bad and , after 1/2 hour of babysitting a system install , i discovered the machine would n't boot at all .
toshiba made me pay $ 10 for another set of boot disks , then shipped them to the wrong address .
two weeks later , i got them and reinstalled the system , took the machine back to the repairshop , and had the keyboard itself replaced .
at least this time , they figured out the mouse pad .
after just a week now , the keyboard is again dead .
( i 'm writing this on a mac . )
do not buy this machine .
i 'm looking at four repair tickets on a machine that frankly gets light use .
and did i mention that toshiba support is chiefly stonewalling ?
two months of non-productivity from a machine i bought for work .
the 1955 a lemon .
shame on toshiba for deceiving consumers with it .
shame on magazine reviewers for blindly reciting specs without noting the many , many unhapy user reports like this one .

-1
i have owned a sony vaio vgn-sz330p for a couple of years .
i bought it with winxp pro on it .
the machine ran hot and loud all the time but things were great , otherwise ... though the heat and noise bothered me .
then i updated to vista as part of the sales pitch that vista would be a free upgrade .
the disc took forever to arrive .
it was not a normal bootable dvd , was only 32-bit ( retail discs offer both 32-bit and 64-bit installers ) and it installed a few old-dated drivers to make the sony features vista-compatible ... but that did n't work .
sony updated software twice since the dvd , but nothing of note .
the updates were mostly their own stupid bundled software , not drivers or bios .
the problems began to grow worse with time : - hotter running.- noisier fan , as a consequence.- the wireless network interface would randomly shut off ( i 've read this happens to the minipci intel wireless card used in this and a few other machines - an update from microsoft temporarily relieved the problem , but it started up again ) .- the web cam was invisible to vista in all ways except being listed in the device manager as `` working properly . ''
aim and msn messenger would use it , but none of vista 's features would , though xp had handled it beautifully.- the fan started rattling .
the design of the machine means that all dust , hair , dirt etc .
gets sucked into the machine , clogs the fan and the heat sinks and increases heat and causes cooling problems .
there are lots of places for air to get in , but they 're all unprotected for dust and there are no filters.- the battery lifespan decreased suddenly .
15 minutes and i 'd have to plug back in .
the battery always ran very hot , too.there 's been no support from sony for this laptop since the vista dvd came .
nothing .
no driver updates , no firmware updates , no bios updates ... yet , there have been new drivers and software for other vaio machines that came out after mine , using the same chipsets .
there 's no reason why they can not add these updates to my model .
if i attempt to download and install these updates for other machines , the installer tells me that i have the wrong machine and aborts .
thanks , sony.sony clearly has no interest in supporting their users beyond `` capture customer for purchase .
`` - often the sleep mode would fail and i 'd have to remove the battery to get the machine to either power off or start up again.i tried replacement drivers for the network interface that had been provided by other manufacturers who used the same components .
nothing helped .
random shut offs of the wireless continued.- sometimes networking would still be `` active '' and windows would indicate there were networks available but would not locate any when asked .
half the os did one thing and half did another , depending on the sony drivers vs. the microsoft software.- the wireless switch utility did not function properly with vista 's built in wireless management .
google it.i do audio/graphics work and a noisy machine with a tiny hard drive was a hindrance .
between the small 100gb drive , random loss of networking and the rattling and vibrating fan , i desperately disassembled the unit to clean the fan and install a new hard drive.laptops are not meant to be serviced .
by anyone .
it took forever .
parts broke , even with a service manual .
the fan was pristine and clean , the machine was reassembled ( albeit missing a ribbon connection , which i fixed after disassembling it again ) , but the fan runs full speed constantly .
no heat is coming out of the vent and the drive is cool .
the whole unit is cooler than i 'm used to , yet ... after all of that hassle , i have a machine that spontaneously shuts off after about 30 minutes .
i can not even install windows .
if the machine does n't spontaneously shut off , windows `` detects a problem '' and `` shuts down to prevent damage to your computer .
`` it 's a wash .
the machine lasted a while , but only because i stopped using it for much , have two other machines to use and because i tolerated the problems for so long .
i wont do that again .
i wont buy another sony laptop .
my macbook pro has been just fine .
it went through an os upgrade without a blink .
apple beats sony in my book .
sadly , most of my pro audio and graphics software investment is windows-based , not mac-based.i found this page you 're reading right now by searching google for `` sony vaio vgn sz shuts off spontaneously '' ... and i found the other reviews here stating the same things as i 've stated ( granted i am more wordy ) .
but look around and you will see ... sony laptops are hot , loud and temperamental .
there have been several battery recalls in the past for heat problems ( the apple batteries with the same problems were apparently manufactured by sony ) , but i did not have this problem ( just ridiculous heat that seemed dangerous but never started a fire ) .the machine was so hot in general use ( general use ) that it was uncomfortable on my lap .
it is not a `` laptop '' at all.stay away .

-1
pros : *huge screencons : *pathetic battery life ( 1-1.5 hours ) *extremely noisy ( equivalent noise to most servers ) *poor speakers ( inexcusable for a sony ) *may be true of all new machines but a lot of junk software included , some of which had expired by the time i 1st turned on the machine .
others could not be deleted .
*huge ac adapter with short cable ( just not well thought out components ) *no floppy driveoverall : since i first wrote this i experienced the same problem someone else had .
my laptop shuts off due to overheating .
this machine is a joke .
i have read sooooo many complaints about this same issue i can not believe a class action has not been filed yet .
i would stay away from all vaios !
!

-1
this laptop is horrendous .
about after a year using this , it started to continously shut down spontaneously ( usually when running many processes at the same time or a process that takes more cpu ) .
it is also very loud , the speakers are horrible ; keep away at all costs !

-1
considering this is a laptop computer , it 's very fragile .
when it worked , it was fine ; however , it quickly broke down , and because sharp wo n't sell parts directly to the public , you have to send the computer in to a service center where you pay an arm and a leg for a simple repair.first , i would not recommend this computer .
second , i would n't recommend purchasing a sharp product which you expect to last more than the warranty period .

-1
it seems that some people like this computer and they were lucky .
my parents purcahsed this latop for me so i could work on my college assignments in the privacy of my dorm room.six months after owning this computer i had to send it in to be repaired because the screen blacked out .
they returned it to me and it worked fine until the ac adpater suffered a short circut and died two months after i had gotten my screen fixed.since then i have had the screen replaced 4 times and dvd/cd drive replaced twice , and my touch pad repaired , and the mother board repaired three times , and the ac adapter replaced seven times and i am still have problems with this computer.this computer was purchased from circuit city .
and they have done a horrible job with repairing this `` computer '' .
and the warrenty manufactuer ge will not honor their warrenties and will try to accuse you of purposely causing damage to your computer .
this item was a lemon and they refuse to replace it .
i will never buy another computer from hp/compaq or do business with circuit city again.if you read this please save yourself the trouble and purcahse from another company .

-1
i agree with the others who complain that this laptop has more cons than pros .
it comes loaded with too many software programs that you 'll never use .
the floppy drive and cd drive are very flimsy .
( the cd drive makes an uncomfortable grinding sound . )
the touchpad is extremely difficult to use .
and , sadly , i must join the list of owners who had one just die -- completely die -- on them soon after the warranty expired .
i was livid .
for a couple of hundred dollars more , i could easily have purchased a more durable and reliable laptop .

-1
i bought this computer about a year and a half ago .
it worked great at first .
after a few months of basic use , it began running louder and slower .
the mouse touch pad does n't work properly and when i type , some letters do n't register .
i have to keep backing up and retyping words .
the battery died after 13 months .
i have used many utility programs to try and resolve some of these issues but to no avail .

-1
i have always been a big fan of sony , but not anymore .
first of all this laptop weighs a ton .
carrying it in the airport is a pain the thing pratically breaks my wrist .
also after less then a year the hard drive breaks , not to mention it gets very hot very quickly .
i paid almost 3000.00 when this was new and its a pile of junk now .
sony says they will look at it but i need to pay shipping to send it to them and a 50.00 fee just for them to analize the problem , thats not including repairs.also i have had my second sony cybershot break on me .
i figured the first one was almost 3 years old no big deal that it broke , but this one is less then a year old .
i have a warranty but now i am without my camera for the holidays ( 4-6 weeks for repairs ) i do not reccomend this or any sony product !

-1
this computer has big problems after a year of ownership .
sony will fix it for $ 700 dollars !
!
!
i have a very old ibm and a very old hp that are in better shape .
i have other sony products that are fine , but this is a lemon .
i 'm sure some of the folks who gave this a high rating have changed their opinion.the biggest disappointment was lack of sony service and lack of responsibility for all the latent defects .

-1
i own this laptop and after 13 months , it now is a $ 2,400 paperweight !
one month after my warrenty expired , this model kept over-heating and crashing .
i called sony and received the worst customer service ever .
they wanted me to pay $ 800 for a new motherboard !
i refused .
since then , i 've researched this model and other sony models on the net and found that lots of people have the same issue and sony expects them to pay $ 800 for new motherboards .
someone needs to get a group lawsuit against them .
i 'll never buy another sony laptop again .

-1
i bought vaio pcg-grv680 in nov 2003 .
within few months , i noticed that cooling fan was always on , i contacted sony customer service they told me that i had a set up problem.since last 6 months , laptop was getting overheated and crashed so many times .
lately , i can not recharge battery , it seems to me that due to heating , connection melt down .
i tried to contactsony customer service , it is worst .
i wasted $ 2000 .
i willnot recommand anyone to buy vaio laptop .

-1
my machine is a little over one year old and it crashes constantly .
it has had the hd replaced , the ram replaced and been in for repairs 3 times .
this machine is a lemon .
run away fast from toshiba products .

-1
the lowdown : was sold a lemon by toshiba .
motherboard/hard drive crashed after 6 months , was `` fixed '' by toshiba , then broke down again w/ the same problem after 2 months .
countless phone conversations and letters to customer service and got the runaround big-time .
will never buy a toshiba notebook , computer product and probably anything with toshiba brand on it ever again .
i should 've bought an ibm or sony.the details : i and other members of my family and co-owners purchased this and 8 other toshiba notebooks of different models for my small business and family use b/c we heard that these were the best selling notebooks ( which i later researched and found to be dubious and just hype ) .
of these 8 , 3 had serious hardware problems .
yes that 's right , i said 3 out of 8 .
and i bought them directly from toshiba .
i 've owned 3 notebooks ( dell , ibm ) and countless desktops in the past , and while i 've had software problems , software glitches and the like , none ever had hardware problems.but 6 months after use , the computer would start whirring very loud and vibrating , then it crashed .
a few of my friends who are support experts looked at it , said they 've never seen anything like it .
i called toshiba , they said to try to reinstall windows .
i lost all my data as my friends could n't even copy the info .
b/c they said the hard drive or motherboard was so damaged .
i sent it in to their depot department ( which repairs borken computers ) , and while my experience was horrible just like many others i 've heard , it was sort of the opposite - i got it back too quickly .
ups picked it up on friday , they got it on monday morning , had it `` fixed '' by monday afternoon ( which is what the invoice said ) and i got it back on tuesday .
and the only explanation i got was from that one page invoice which said `` bad hard drive/motherboard '' .i felt wary about this , but had no choice and used it anyway .
after a few days , i got the same whirring sound , called customer service and they said they did n't know what the problem was and that i could send it in and have it looked at , but even if they did that , that if there was a problem i would have to pay for it as the 1 year warranty expires after your first problem .
they also said that since it expired i would have to give them a $ 200 deposit just to have them look at it , and that just to look at it would cost a good chunk of the deposit .
yeah , i 'll do that ... not .
my budget not being able to afford buying an ibm or dell , i was forced to use this .
although it whirred and vibrated constantly , no major problems until , again , 2 months went by and it crashed again , with same symptoms and errors.i called toshiba 's `` customer '' customer service dept.
, which is based in india , they said that since warranty expired , ca n't do anything about it .
i tell them i bought a lemon , and at the very least they should fix it ( not sure i would 've used it , but wanted this as a courtesy at very least ) and after being forwarded to the depot dept .
and back to `` customer '' customer service , and back to depot , getting hanged up on , back to depot , ad nauseum ... they basically tell me they ca n't do anything for me .
when i ask to speak to manager , they said they ca n't do that , that the manager would tell me the exact same thing .
when i then say i just want the manager 's name so i could write a letter of complaint , they said they can not do that !
when i then ask for a mailing address , they give me one in the us , and i ask but you are in india right ?
but they say not to worry , it will get to them .
so i write a long but detailed letter.6 weeks go by w/ no response to my letter and i call up , give my case number .
they at first said there 's no record of my lettter .
when i insist i sent it , they put me on hold for like 30 mintues , then say that the address that i sent it to was the `` corporate '' customer service , and that they are `` customer '' customer service .
huh ?
they then say that `` corporate '' cs probably received it but that they can not confirm this b/c they are on different computer systems , and that they can not give me their contact number but not to worry , someone will get back to me.needless to say , no one ever did.oh , and about the computer 's performance ?
okay , i guess .
the battery mysteriously started out at 5 ( or 6 , cant ' remember for sure ) hour capacity , then went down progressively to 3.5 maximum capacity for some reason , even tho i followed the manual and properly depleted it every month .
( when i sent in my notebook for the hd problems , i asked them to look at it but they said i could n't send my battery in . )
the wireless device inside was pitifully slow , not much faster than dial-up , so i had to shell out more money for a real wireless card .
best thing i can say is you can have many apps running and speed only slowed significantly if you have way too many apps running.all in all , a horrible experience with this lemon .
like i said before , i 'll never do business with toshiba again .
i suggest to stay away , or at least do proper research before buying this or any other toshiba notebook .

-1
my first and last toshiba product.i was happy with this computer when i got it and i recommended it to everyone who asked my opinion about laptops .
after a few months , it started to crash on me very often .
i did clean installs of the operating system but that did n't help .
it would crash repeatedly and then finally it would n't boot at all .
it would crash when the computer was moved or the screen angle was adjusted , or for no reason at all .
i brought it to the local toshiba service center .
15 minutes after i got it back it started crashing again , and the problem continued .
there was some additional damage caused by the service center , in that a piece was loose and the computer would crash if the piece was wiggled ( the plate that goes over the power switch ) .
it was n't doing that before i brought it to the service center.toshiba had me ship it to a larger service center .
i told them that i did n't want the same computer back because it was an obvious lemon , and especially after the additional damage caused by the service center .
after about 10 days i got the same computer back .
it had greasy finger smears on the plate that covers the power switch , and a big new scratch .
i turned on the computer and the operating system would n't even boot .
i just got a blank screen .
the second time i turned it on , the computer booted , but before i was finished configuring windows , the computer started crashing again .
now , several weeks later -- an *immense* amount of wasted time , and with unfinished projects that i could n't work on without my computer -- i still have a non-functioning computer .
how many more days or weeks is it going to be before they fix this problem ?
i heard that toshiba had great laptops and great service but this was a terrible disappointment .
i am very unhappy with toshiba .
i wish i had bought a dell .

-1
i own a toshiba notebook and whether it runs well is not an issue .
the issue will be that when you need warranty service or just service , the customer service is terrible.my laptop had a problem .
tech support 's answer was send it in to the depot through ups .
i did .
the depot sent it back as refused .
no reason .
costumer support gave me 10 days and 45 phone calls worth of run around .
they will call me back !
i 'm still waiting.average phone wait for costumer service , 45- 90 minutes according to the young lady at 1-800-457-7777 , ext .
7053 .
yes , that is toshiba 's official statement !
i have a $ 2,200.00 laptop with extended warranties that i bought in 1/2007 that does not work .
i can not get anyone through toshiba to service it .
what 's wrong with it , they do n't know .
how will they find out ?
i 'm still waiting for a return phone call to find out , because no one is authorized to give me a shipping number.save you money , buy anything else !
mary allison wallhigh school teacher

-1
i purchased one of these computers only six weeks ago .
on the second time out i detected black spots on the screen , where there should have been pixels .
pressing the screen brought some of them back , but as the day progressed the marks became cracks in the lcd screen itself .
i reported the matter to hp the next day and they agreed to collect the unit for warranty repair .
some 10 days later they called me up demanding $ 650 to replace the screen , saying they were not prepared to honor the warranty for a crack.the lid is totally too flimsy to take the stress of holding the closed unit and lifting it from a carry bag .
there is a connector right where you grasp the case , and this can dig in and crack the screen .
for a portable laptop the design is not fit for purpose.nb the electronics work great but without a screen are of little value !

-1
i 've had the notebook about 7 years now and it was bought to be a desktop replacement , but i rarely use it - i use my desktops instead.exactly one month after the warranty ended ( and after numerous system restores ) , the hard drive crashed .
i replaced the hard drive and the next thing to go was the keyboard .
the new hard drive has been in just over a year and it has crashed again and i only recently started using the notebook ( about two weeks ) after not touching it for about 6 months.the wireless card does n't seem to work even if the notebook is in the same room as the router .
i used to use the network cable instead.the battery lasts about 1 hour if you use your machine as an e-book reader.this has to be one of the worst notebooks i 've ever had/used .
i 've been very disappointed in its performance and will not even take a new hp notebook if it was being given away.updatei discovered about two years ago that overheating was the cause of all the problems with this laptop .
i have since put it on a raised metal grid with a 3 '' fan underneath and no problems !
i have had it running for 12 hours and more for the last year and it works perfectly !
i bought a usb wireless adapter which gives connectivity of 54 mbps , so that solves the network card issue.i tried some of the vista laptops and this seems to be faster !
it looks like i 'll be keeping it longer now that i know what makes it work !
the laptop coolers they sell will help , but just by putting it on a raised metal grid keeps it fairly cool .

-1
at my school , we have many of these apple notebooks .
mabey i got the wrong impression , but these ibooks are horrible .
they take litteraly 9 minuts to turn on.they are slow and unreliable .
im stiken with my new hp .
rock on/

-1
first let me just say a few word on the review this pc fellow make !
1 .
just about every $ have modem/ethernet/usb-2/firewire build in , wireless network is `` not '' include on ibook , you have to pay for the airport card !
which by the way cost as much as any pcmcia 802.11g !
g ?
?
oh , there is no 802.11g airport extreme available from apple !
wonder why !
ok , lets talk about my ibook !
the model i have is 800mhz with cdrw/dvd drive , it is a fairly nice machine except !
1 .
very easily scratch !
2 .
does n't matter what apple say , a 800mhz running osx with 640m feel as fast as a pc 800mhz running win xp , not any faster or slower !
but in 2003 !
where can you found a 800mhz window machine ?
3 .
very slow cd burning , need to buy toast to do any `` real '' burning !
4 .
do n't know about the latest version , but my 800mhz does n't have audio in , flexy keyboard !
5 .
software is limited and development tend to be behind wintel machine .good point1 .
good battery life2 .
great sleep feature !
would i buy another one , osx is great , i will buy another one if the price stay at the same level , but with 1.5ghz+ g4/512m !
for this price , unless u have to have a mac , you can do much much better with a window machine !
just a honest option from a window/mac user !

-1
i would give it a 0 or negative if i could rate anything lower that 1 star.i put about $ 3k into a vaio v505-bck , 2.4ghz cpu , 1g ram , 60g hd + wifi/firewire etc , it is fancy , stylish , all i can say is wow ... but soon it turn out to be the worst investment in my life , first the touchpad , it pauses during the movement , and then jumps to no where .
using an external mouse does n't helps at all .
and the cursor frequently jumps somewhere when typing a document .
i need a machine to do what i tell it to do , not a christmas elf to help me messing up everything.then the keyboard , the poor design of combine the up/down/left/right cursor key to the pageup/pagedown/home/end keys .
just figure how many times you may use pageup/pagedown/home/end keys when you writing a paper , now you have to press fn and the cursor key .
the ctrl-home to ctrl-pageup now become a 3 key combination .
you may say it is just a matter of time to get used to it .
well if you prefers black coffee , and from today on you have no choice but have to have coffee with sugar , what 's your reaction ?
3 .
the video/audio play back , it pauses likes the mouse , not even a smooth play , everything plays smoothly on a $ 300 machine , but not on this $ 3k baby .
the audio chokes , the video jumps ... 4 .
the battery , remember it only lasts 1 hr .
if you went on a 30 minutes presentation , be prepare for run out of battery in the middle of the presentation , if you take the preparation & amp ; answering questions into account .
a double capcity battery is $ 500 , which is abosultely a rip off.a little research found that there 's more than 10 devices were attached irq 9 , while many other irqs are free .
i guess this is the source of the problem , and there 's no place to manually assign an irq to a specific device.although english is poor , guess you 've already unstand what i am talking .
stay away from this vaio v505 .

-1
same problems as everyone else only we 've got two of these in our company .
we both had to buy an external mouse as the trackpad is next to unusable , the cursor jumps when you 're typing away , wireless card is unreliable .
it looks nice but that 's all it 's got going for it .

-1
i bought this one from amazon.com 4 months ago .
here are the problems i had to deal with:1 .
yes , unsurprisingly i am having the same touchpad problems .
it is erratic !
!
!
it sometimes does not work and sometimes jumps from one corner to the other corner of the screen.2 .
battery life is too short.3 .
this notebook does not include recovery cd 's .
so , if you have a problem with your software you have nothing to do !
!
!
customer support will tell you to order and pay for recovery cd 's !
!
!
?
do n't go for the style and the name and buy an ibm t40 .

-1
the v505bx randomly closes windows such as the web browser , outlook , control panel window , etc .
i 'd be working on something and it would just close .
no error messages or anything.so , i took it back to circuit city with no problems .
they were out of stock on another one .
so , i went to best buy and purchased one with the exact same problem .
the problems started before i installed anything or connected to the internet.best buy charged a 15 % restocking fee which i am trying to fight .
but , until sony gets this worked out , i would stay away from this computer .

-1
emachines is a company that clearly considers their service department primarily as a secondary income stream .
emachine is a company , which demonstrates no intention of standing behind their products .
i bought one of their laptops less than a year ago .
within less than six months i had problems with the power port .
after another three months the power port burned up .
by phone i asked to buy a replacement port from emachine , they refused to provide it .
they said they would only offer to repair it for 40 % of the purchase price of a unit , which worked correctly for at the most six months .
i simple want a power port replacement for my laptop , which has been inoperable for almost six months .
emachines is a company , which chooses to negligent it 's obligation to support its product .

-1
with good features for an it department .
your mileage may vary , but it is not really suitable for consumer use .
yes , the keyboard is surpisingly good , the screen sharp , the time to load screaming fast , and it has a good suite of features .
on the other hand , for this very experienced user , it took an inordinate amount of time to get it to synchronize with the desktop or connect to at & t worldnet .
once connected , however , i could n't get the unit to resolve domain names ( i.e.
, i could n't actually connect to the world wide web ) .
the straw , however , was that two programs would not terminate , and nec support confirmed that my only alternative was to remove the batteries and do a hard reset .
it 's a shame , and my experience may not be typical , but you 're warned -- do n't try this at home .

-1
i purchased this laptop 1 year ago next month .
it is nothing but trouble .
looks ok , but operates horrible .
this is not a laptop designed for your lap .
it has a sticker on the bottom saying that it will burn bare skin .
it gets really hot , really quick .
not to mention , 3 days ago my motherboard randomly went out .
i reasearched this problem and found that many toshiba laptops have this problem .
toshiba will do nothing for you .
i 've tryed .
if you buy this laptop , i promise you you will not be happy after awhile .
pay about $ 200 more and get a nice ibm .

-1
i will never buy another toshiba computer again .
i 've owned 3 laptops made by toshiba ( p25-s607 , m30 and p25-s676 ) and am impressed with the machines .
however , toshiba 's support is by far the worst that i 've ever encountered ; in fact , i would go so far as to say that they have no support !
one day i was working on my p25-s676 and i shut the lid of the computer , which would obviously put the system on standby .
when i opened the lid again and tried to turn the computer on , it would n't give me anything but a blank , black screen .
i found out that the motherboard was fried ( ?
?
? )
and that it needed to be sent into the toshiba support depot .
i sent my laptop to toshiba on 1/15/2005 and here it is 2/25/2005 and it is still not fixed .
it 's not the fact that i 've been without my laptop for over a month that bothers me ; it 's that i was promised eight different e.t.a.s !
if i was told that it would take two months to fix my laptop , i would 've been disappointed , but respected the honesty .
however , it really ticks me off when a company lies to me eight times and counting !
!
!
i have no faith that i will receive my laptop back in the next month , or maybe even this year .
i 've contacted the better business bureau and i 'm hoping that they can light a fire under toshiba , since toshiba 's customers can't.when shopping for a laptop , shop for support first and performance second .

-1
the 2575us is a capable desktop replacement for doing just that - using on a desktop only .
the many features such as a cd-rw drive and a nice large screen make it a worthy upgrade from an old pokey desktop.however , the processor and perihperals use entirely too much battery power to be practical portable ( to be expected in a fast pentium iv ) .
plus the cooling fans ( at least three that i can account for ) make a tremendous amount of noise , which is distracting in quiet office or meeting settings.the biggest strike against this laptop is its physical design .
the 2575us has a large plastic 'bulge ' in the design of the top case where the compaq logo sits .
this roughly 3 '' diameter round 'bulge ' sticks out from the surrounding surface of the lid about 1/4 '' to 5/16 '' or so .
when the laptop is in a shoulder-carried or roller briefcase with anything else flat snug against the laptop 's lid ( like a large book or another laptop ) , the plastic 'bulge ' presses inward on the back of the lcd .
this stress against the display caused it to crack on my laptop.this defect in design , allowing flat objects resting against the laptop case to break the screen , is definitely something that would have caused me not to purchase this model laptop , or any similar models from compaq/hp , if i had recognized the problem at the store.of course , compaq/hp are completely denying warranty coverage for such `` damage '' .
they say that a broken lcd is absolutely not covered under warranty , no matter what the cause.this after spending 2 hours on the phone with three different offshore support center operators that were beyond difficult to understand .
it 's painful to have to take *20* minutes just to get through the identifying information of who i am and what model i am calling about - i kid you not.hp bills their support as `` total support '' , but i would rate it as anything *but*.do yourself a favor - closely check the support availability and warranty policies before buying any computer .
the offshoring of support for us-based buyers is completely abysmal , so find a company with local support if you can.i would hesitate to buy another compaq or hp laptop given this experience .

-1
this was without a doubt the worst investment i have ever made.within sixth months of my initial purchase the cd writer stopped working .
sony 's tech support was horrible ( even while this laptop was under warrenty . )
i sent the laptop in 3 times to have the cd writer replaced and each time it came back in non working condition .
this back and forth lasted until the laptop was no longer under warrenty .
i took the writer as a loss and continued to use this laptop.it 's about a year and a few months after my purchase and now i 'm having problems with it overheating .
it gets so hot it just shuts off randomly .
the fans still work so i 'm not sure what the problem is .
i did some searching on the net to find out about these laptops overheating and it turns out this is a very common problem .
if i had done research before my purchase i would n't be in this situation .
the fact that you 're reading this means you 're smarter than i was.even if i was able to look past sony 's extremley high service repair prices , i would never send another item in to them again based on their horrible offshored customer service ( i could n't even understand them . )
the customer service staff also is n't very knowledgable .
they could n't understand my problem and made me jump through hoops for 10+ hours of 5+ phone calls making me do all sorts of troubleshooting when i knew exactly what the problem was .
they just do n't listen.the only good thing about sony was the turnaround time when my laptop was serviced ... but i suppose anyone can have fast turnaround times when they do n't actually fix anything.on a side note , this laptop also did n't come with any discs .
no winxp disc , not even any vaio recovery discs .
if you have to reinstall windows your screwed.i 'll never purchase a sony computer product again .

-1
i purchased a sony grx500 as a graduating present for my daughter .
initially , it was fine but started to fail after the warranty ran out ( of course ) .
this seems to be a manufacturing flaw , ... there are hundreds of people complaining about the same symptoms ( does not boot , fails ) .
the real disappointment is sony 's reaction to this : we have never seen this before ( a lie ) and it will cost you $ 700.- for a new motherboard .
i will not purchase any sony products in the future in general and would recommend dell for laptops - their service is good .

-1
never ever a buy a sony laptop .
they provide you a a cd-rw for freeeeeeeeee !
!
the trick behind is that they do n't need to provide you a recovery cd.what all you get in the box is the trash aol cd !
!
they have a program that will create 10 coasters in order to recover the applications and os !
!
i will never ever rely on this !
!
so , please stay away !
!
that is billion dollar advice i can give .

-1
this notebook is trash , not so much because of it 's operation but because of the insulting way sony treats you.1 .
you will get no cds whatsoever with the notebook , only aol .
( no windows cd , no restore cd , no powerdvd or nero , nothing ) , some preinstalled softwares for the functions .
mostly spyware inclusive .
no headset .
nothing.2 .
sony has a restore program installed that does not work and they know it , it trashed 9 cds by quitting the image writing twice , after 5 and then 4 cds .
there is no update either for the software at the site , just their advice for you to purchase the cds from sony.3 .
sony 's idea of update is an ambulance icon sitting in the tray .
but their web update by directly connecting to sony does n't work either .
sony needs to go learn how to do this at ibm.in short if you do n't want to be insulted by what is not mentioned in the price details , buy either an ibm , micron ( buymypc ? )
or dell in that order .
i have tried all 3 and sony is not worth your money .

-1
there is nowhere you can go for any repairing support in us .
gericom has forgotten all the customers who bought their products .
they do n't even provide the basic drivers when purcheasing .

-1
this is a great laptop , works like a desktop , a tad loud but bearable .
unfortunately the power jack has come lose and it means i ca n't power it on anymore .
read more about this problem at : [ ... ] or [ ... ] from reading forums this problem goes back to 2002 and affects other makes of latop where the dc jack design does n't take in enough of the power cable leaving it open to user abuse .
when i say abuse i do n't mean chucking it around , i think catching it a few times is enough to dislodge it from the pcb - sooner or later this will result in a blown motherboard ( from what i 've read online ) .i 've not used other hp products but i would advise anybody spending 1000 plus on any laptop to search online for any potential design issues as well as take out an extended cover .

-1
i bought a pavilion 7015 thinking i got a great machine at a great price .
what i got was an enormous headache with hardware and software problems within 2 weeks ( e.g .
i could not load photoshop version 7 on the machine or use my 19 & quot ; viewsonic monitor with the laptop .
their tech support is & quot ; beyond a joke.
& quot ; it 's been 30 days and the new software they promised three times to send has n't arrived .
and their & quot ; customer advocate & quot ; was downright rude and unprofessional .
in all my years of owning apples and dells , i never experienced any thing approaching bad tech support as i have with hp .
buy a dell , a sony vaio , an apple ... .
or buy a machine put together ( out of spare parts ) by a pimply high school kid , but don't.. do n't get an hp computer .
i love their printers .
buy them .
also , when you put their bulky laptop next to my elegant apple 17 & quot ; powerbook , it looks & quot ; cheesy & quot ; in design and quality ( cheap plastic case on the hp versus the cool aluminum of my apple.i made the worst buying decision and am angry at myself as much as i am at hp .

-1
i also had the problem of the `` blown motherboard '' .
as i read now , this is a common problem with this hp.i live in argentina and hp-argentina wo n't even try to fix it .
i have to buy a new notebook.rating : 1 star for the hp pavilion zd7010 and 1 star for hp customer service .
i would rate them with a zero , but amazon does n't give that option .

-1
i had this laptop for almost 2 years and its money down the drain .
i got the `` os not found '' issue within 8 months and gateway sent me a new hd .
the new hd crashed promptly after my warranty expired .
it now looks like there are many folks who have the same problem with this particular laptop .
is there a way that all of us can get together to sue gateway ?

-1
i have been the unhappy owner of this laptop for around two and a half years now .
and have ( by the looks of user 's complaints ) experienced every single one in the book .
so it works for the first 10 months , in which time it has a bug in the bios software , where if the volume is raised too suddenly , it will freeze the system .
gateway , a year later , released a fix for the problem .
then the harddrive started powering down at random points .
i found that pressing really hard down on the lid of the unit gave me about 30 seconds to save what i was doing , and shut the thing down .
i thought that it was the hard drive , so i bought a new drive , and within two weeks , it had fried the controller board of that drive due to the cable being misaligned ( i *did* have the hdd auto recognition on ) , so i put the old drive back in , and continued with it 's unreliability , until it just got ridiculous .
so i emailed them , and they emailed me back saying i needed this free drive connector replacement kit , and i had to do it myself .
i was like ok , please send it .
so they replied saying i needed to include some customer service number , they included several numbers , so i just attached the email , they refused to even read it until i had emailed them about 8 times with different numbers .
then i included my address and serial number so they could send it to them ( at this time i was living in canada ) , and they sent a confirmation email that it was going to someone with a different name who lived on the other side of the city .
i wrote back saying they had got it wrong .
no reply .
so i try again in a few weeks time , they get it right in the confirmation email , but i wait 3 months , nothing arrives .
at this point i move back to europe , and no , they ca n't send it there .
so i have some friends agree to take delivery of this thing , and it never arrives either - after i have ordered it the second time .
so i look on the internet , and people are trying to sell these things off like crazy , and the replacement drive cables sold by independant retaillers cost 50 us $ .
no way !
other problems i 've had with the laptop , the display lid no longer supports itself , it will just flop backwards unless supported against something .
it was dim all along - a cheap lcd they put in there .
the headphone jacks broke off , so i had to solder them back on myself - after which , the touchpad and power lights no longer work .
to sum it up , this laptop sucks .
gateway should be sued for their negligance , lack of service and refusing to replace faulty products .
they do not even publically admit that there is a problem in the design of this line of laptops .
do not get yourself into this mess by buying one of these terrible computers .

-1
customer support is very poor .
it will only work for 6month if you are lucky .
then gateway will fix something to work for another six months .
then after one year they will say your warrentty is over they ca n't help you .
pl go for some other vendor .

-1
about a year ago , when researching the market for a computer system for my photography business , 9 out of 10 photography / graphics professionals highly recommended that i buy a mac for my business .
so i did .
what a big mistake !
i bought a g4 powerbook , and since taking it out of the box , i have had nothing but problems .
i am on my third disc drive , have a severe overheating problem ( powerbooks have a history of this , including melting keyboards ) , continuously have to deal with software issues , and now have a screen defect .
and to make matters worse , apple 's customer service is , by far , the most appalling of its kind.
( ... )

-1
although i did n't buy this computer through amazon.com , i feel that i need to let others know about this cheap piece of trash .
i needed this computer to write papers and email .
i am not rough with it and it never even left my house .
i have had to replace or fix the following in order : internet port came out ( i replaced it with a removable card ) $ 100 , cd rom quit working ( have n't fixed ) , motherboard replaced ( $ 500 ) , hard drive crashed ( $ 700 ) .
currently , my screen is going out and pieces have fallen out of my printer port .
needless to say i have ordered another computer from dell .
also , you need to be warned about hp customer service-which is pretty much non-existant .
for the motherboard and the hard drive i was on the phone several times a day for a month and still got no response from them .
i had the computer for under a year when i had to get these fixed and i had a 2 year warranty .
hp consistantly said that my warranty expired .
i had to remind them that i had the computer for 11 months and the warranty was good for 24 months .
i even threatened a lawsuit !
nothing .
i took it in to the repair shop to get it fixed ( out of my own pocket ) and the guy there called hp and got an immediate response that they would pay for everything .
this happened twice .
i 'm begining to think that the boys at hp have n't arrived to the 21st century .
i highly recommend that you run as fast as you can from not only this computer , but also hp .
i 've had the computer for 18 months and i 'm already buying another .
it has been a waste of my time and money .

-1
do n't buy the p25 if you want mobile computing .
the battery life is short and the screen will be too dim to work comfortably unless you use the high power setting which really eats up the battery.there is no way to operate the p25 in a car or plane .
power inverters do not work with the p25 ( i have tried 4 ) and the 19 volt input requirement rules out cigarette lighteradapters.tech support is in turkey .
very pleasant people but it takes a long time to get a problem resolved .
they do n't seem to know this product very well .
you will need them however because the on-board documentation ( pdf ) is awful .
example - i still have n't found the instructions for burning a cd.i expected much more from toshiba !

-1
send to toshiba ( submitted it to amazon ) i 've never been as disappointed with a computer as with this one .
the worst thing about it : i 'm in the middle of typing a paragraph , and suddenly my cursor has magically transported itself two paragraphs up the page -- unbeknowst to me .
so the last two sentences i 've typed are now in the middle of the wrong paragraph .
or , i 'm in the middle of typing something and all of a sudden the last three sentences i 've typed highlight themselves automatically and disappear in a cloud of smoke .
this can happen over and over again in as little as a five-minute period.toshiba said i could prevent this by pressing the fn key and the f9 key whenever i type anything .
but what that does is disable the cursor -- so that you 're completely prevented from moving it from one place to another on any internet page .
even in a word processing document , it 's a real slow-down to have to have nothing but the arrow keys to move your cursor to various places in the document.also : even with the cursor enabled , it 's difficult sometimes to get it to go where i want it to go .
whether i 'm trying to move the cursor with the touch pad , the pgup and pgdn keys , or the arrow keys , the cursor just does n't move sometimes -- unless i take the time to stop , move it around on the desktop , and then try again to move it .

-1
my toshiba notebook broke and they claim they fixed it because they sent it back within a day , but they did n't send back my power cord .
so , i do n't even know if it 's been fixed or not .
i 've opened 3 trouble calls in the last 3 1/2 weeks and received no response or power cord .
seems like a simple task to complete .
major failure in customer service .
spare yourselves the same frustration with toshiba .

-1
screen is cracked.not working condtion , only can be used for parts as the letter stated inside the box.i had cacel this item and she send it anyway .
this item will not do me any good.this is junk .

-1
my husband spent close to $ 3000.00 for the vaio notebook - it was my christmas present 12/03 .
now the video card does not function at all .
the notebook is 15 months old and useless .
i will never buy another sony product .
the part is $ 274.33 - i will use my reliable desktop , we have three compaq computers that have funtioned fine for years .
i have had it with sony .
when it did work i would ask for help with some of the programs , they always directed me to on line help .
i give up the notebook is sitting on the desk , i keep it dusted - can you imagine how disappointed i am with the entire sony corporation .
fool me once shame on me , fool me twice shame on them.mrs .
donna robertsondonnaleecr @ aol.com

-1
when i first ordered this computer i thought that it was going to fit all of my needs .
one of which is being able to carry it from place to place , which is not posible because it weighs in at justunder eleven pounds , and when you factor in the bag which you have to carry it in because you definitly dont want to break such an expensive computer it weighs about seventeen pounds .
for your own satisfaction get another computer .

-1
i rate this laptop highly in all areas except the dvd-rw drive has never worked .
i have tried everything including contacting sony support and nothing works .
this problem seems to be a widely known issue with no answer.i would definitely buy another product with another burner in it if you are interested in burning or backing up data to a dvd .

-1
we are sending this back for the 4th time in the span of a year for the same problem .
they refuse to consider replacing the unit although it has clearly not worked throughout its working life .
customer service inflexible .
it has shut down without consent of user for no reason whatsoever , repeatedly .
when it works , it 's okay .

-1
i sincerely wish i had read the reviews here before i bought my toshiba p15-s409 notebook pc.almost immediately after purchase on 2/4/04 , the dvd multi drive failed , and unfortunately i was just over the 14-day best buy return period .
faced with getting it fixed , i was promised by support ( in istanbul turkey ) that with & quot ; depot & quot ; repair -- promised that i would have it back , fixed , within 5 days .
as of today , 12 days , later , it sits in depot repair and the web status report says the repair is & quot ; on hold & quot ; waiting for a backordered replacement dvd/cd drive .
complaints to their service people ( also in turkey ) yield & quot ; canned & quot ; replies on the phone , polite , but completely unable to & quot ; escalate & quot ; to a us-based supervisor .
they absolutely refuse to replace this brand-new machine with another one.upon repair , i will put this machine up on e-bay and chalk it up as a bad mistake .
never again , will i ever , i repeat , ever buy a toshiba product ever again .
why do n't these companies have a clue ?
not only do they remove jobs from the us but they get really negative customer feelings , from poor support .
my next letter will be to pc world & quot ; on your side & quot ; .

-1
warning : please note the following , toshiba laptops have a design flaw with their dc power plug on the motherboard .
the back pin of the power plug tends to get a hairline fracture that forces consumers to `` wiggle '' the power cord on the back of the laptop.in most cases , all power connectivity is lost , and the laptop will have to be sent in for repairs.this usually occurs after 1 - 2 years of ownership of the device .
you will most likely be out of warranty when it occurs ; however , if you are still in warranty , there are toshiba service centers available.out of warranty repair costs : $ 300.00+

-1
in late november , i purchased a toshiba satellite p25-s509 because this is an innovative computer with many features for the money .
at the time of purchase , my only concern was whether i would be able to upgrade the operating system .
this computer comes with microsoft windows xp home edition .
for many advanced uses of computers , such as web and database development work requiring iis , the home edition will not work .
my plan was to upgrade the home edition to microsoft windows xp professional.to my shock , this computer comes only with a rescue disk .
toshiba does not supply the microsoft xp home edition operating system disk .
the toshiba factory-installed image on the rescue disk includes service pack 1 .
neither the toshiba nor the microsoft web sites provide any supported upgrade paths or workarounds for this toshiba model.even if you do not need to have microsoft windows xp professional , buying this computer would be a mistake .
if you ever have any operating system problems , your only solution would be to use the rescue disk to re-install toshiba 's factory-installed image .
doing this would require you to re-install any software you installed after purchasing the computer.i telephoned toshiba to ask if they sell any toshiba laptop computer with microsoft operating system disks .
the toshiba employee informed me that toshiba is supplying only a rescue disk for all of its laptop computers .
my response to toshiba was that this is an unacceptable practice and that i would never buy any toshiba computer as long as they continue to supply only a rescue disk.it is a terrible shame that a company that has been so innovative in manufacturing full-featured laptop computers at competitive prices would resort to finding a way to destroy the value of its computers to users .
no one should purchase any toshiba laptop computer until toshiba ends this practice of supplying only a rescue disk .

-1
this thing broke after a year of use .
bad motherboard , turns on but no boot .
its a common toshiba feature .
so i bought a new toshiba core2duo laptop and 3rd day , the hard drive broke , returned it .
bought a macbook , been happy ever since !

-1
1 ) like everyone else - battery life sucks .
i have to drag my power adapter with me everywhere i go .
makes it virtuously useless for wireless capability.2 ) no way to get parts unless someone on e-bay happens to be parting one out.3 ) sony claims there is no way to reinstall drivers after you put in new hard drive or do clean install of new os .
of course , the hard drive quit after 1.1 years ... so i bought a bigger one .
this is after four hours on the phone trying to find out what connection it uses ( ultra ata , etc ) so i can buy the right one .
the six people i talked to ( including two managers ) were convinced that the only thing i could do was send it to sony for repair .
right , like i 'm going to do that .
i 'm a+ certified along with many other things , why pay for what i can do better myself ?
?
?
4 ) so after i do a clean install of windows 2000 pro ( because i like it better ) , i have no drivers for the keyboard , touchpad , memory stick , modem , lan port , audio , or vga capabilities beyond 16 million colors on 800x600 .
so i call sony again - they are convinced that there is no way to even install another os besides xp , and no way to install drivers .
after messing around for weeks , i finally figure out that if you download the sony shared library off of the site , you can use the recovery cd/dvd kit to install the drivers you need as well as applications you might actually find useful.5 ) just do n't buy anything from sony .
they will refuse to help you , they are convinced their machines can not run anything but windows xp , and basically it 's a useless piece of junk that would be better suited as a paperweight in your home office .

-1
this is more a review for jr music then the product bewcasue its kind of hard to review a product i never recived .
i am in the military and during my last deployment to iraq i orderd this product from them and never recived it .
i followed up when i returned to the states and was told to wait becasue they had not recived it back and that is was probably still in route .
i was told time and again to continue to wait untill one day close to my next deployment , whcich is where i am now , back in iraq , they said it was too late and i waited to long and there was nothing they could do .
1200 dollars is alot of money for me to be wasteing on something i never recived .
beware of jr music .

-1
go here to see the full story [ ... ] there is a class action suit in the making .

-1
i ordered my ibook on the 5th of dec.2003 received it on the 10th .
right out of the box it malfunctioned so they offered to repair it .
that was the 10th of dec. now its jan , 5/2004 still not fixed .
i 've talked to so many diff customer service represents , they are all courteous but none of them know whats going on .
for about 15 days in dec. the laptop was lost !
!
!
they had no idea where it was .
they are always trying to transfer you to another person who is just as unhelpful and would put me on hold hours at a time .
i even spoke to one person who kept on refering to apple as phillips and i would correct him every now and then asking him , dont you mean apple ?
i mean come on !
!
at least know what company you work for .
i tried returning it but they wont let me on technicality and i had it for less than 2 days .
talk about frustrating experience..go get a dellterrific customer service and you actually get to talk to people who know the name of their own company .

-1
i purchased a used or refurbished laptop from this company and noticed that it was a very slow computer .
start up takes entirely too long , the internet is slow and everything you click on is slow .
i brought it for my husband last year he used it a few times and it just sat since he got irritated every time he tried to use it .
its been about a year so i contacted them and told them that the computer has always been slow and tried to see if they were willing to take it off my hands toward the purchase of another newer mac and i could n't believe how rude the person was that emailed me back .
i mean he insulted my husband and really got me upset .
i would not ever do business with this company again !

-1
this laptop is a piece of junk .
i bought two of these one for me and one for my dad for his birthday .
these machines are utterly terrible .
they take forever to boot up if you can even get them to turn on and once they 're on you ca n't even get on the internet .
if you actually achieved internet capabilities with this device it takes ten minutes for a page to load and even then its just lines of highlighted text where logos and buttons should be .
i even tried getting them replaced and the two i got where just as bad.i would n't recommend this product whatso ever !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!

-1
i put this rate because you said it was great for school and other things but if you cant even get on it because you did n't give the pass world to the buyer being me its just like a rock cant do any thing with it but hold paper down

-1
i purchased this computer as a christmas gift for my 9 year old daughter.once this item arrived to my house it was gift wrap and placed under the christmas tree.she opened the gift on christmas day , the computer work for 1 week only and died .
this product will not charge up at all.i have been contacting amazon about this situation and the end result is there is nothing to be done .
why is that , no acceptions for the holidays.this is not good customer services at all .
therefore i have been advising soldiers who are deployed with me to never order from amazon again and this for i have convinced well over 200 and countingapple ibook laptop 12.1 '' m9164ll/a ( 800-mhz powerpc g4 , 256 mb ram , 30 gb hard drive , dvd/cd-rw drive )

-1
not worth a rating , , , , , ,after trying to covert from windows to apple what a disappointment with nothing logical or user-friendly with the ibook which was my entry level into the world of mac , no programs like adobe would load , with comment like 'not compatible with this os ' hey this is supposed to be a panther 10.3 os and they keep referring to needing 10.5 or later .
then the larger mac pro , what a waste of money , , , every application is arse about front compared to the windows programs and apps..i immediately sold it to some other sucker , ,and reverted back to windows friendlier planet..i was crooked by amazon in not telling me the ibook was a refurbished unit sold as new , the case was scratched and the charger overheats..not sure it is the right one for this s***ty notebook , ,not even my kids wanted it , donated to a shelter who may find a use for it , even a doorstop possibly.hey amazon customers , ,when ordering any electronic gadget make use it is a new one ... and consider migrating from windows to apple / mac long and hard , , , can not believe americans are so naive to buy the mac computers , ,but then again they think the usa is the world , and dont have a clue about things in the real world that matter ... except gates ' windows which for sure blows the apple/mac wan na bees out the water ...

-1
the ibook g4 powerpc stinks !
i ca n't download flash player or html5 or antything !
i ca n't watch videos or do anything that requires flash plugins !
the internet goes slow and i ca n't get anything else because it has a powerpc processor and here 's one thing you readers should know : do n't ever get a powerpc processor , you ca n't get chrome , flash or anything .
this is crazy !
the best internet you can get is firefox 3.0 and it goes really slow .
if you plan on watching videos on your computer do not get this , it wo n't let you and you ca n't download the plugins because it 's not for powerpcs and the archived flash players for powerpcs do n't work .
do not get this !

-1
this was a waste of my time and money !
it did not work right , never connected to the internet could n't stay charged without being hooked up to the wall charger !

-1
i need a start up disk ... took long to boot up .
does not have garageband or imovie .
this mac was made in 2003 so its very old .
this is really an on the go type of computer .

-1
i was wanting a laptop that i could use for my school work .
this computer runs extremely slow .
it was a huge let down .
it was a complete waste of my money .

-1
this was outdated and could n't get it running on the internet .
so i just sent it back .
do n't recommend it .

-1
when i bought the laptop play for a few days with a full why i never get to play dvd last minute it was broken i give it to my little brother ?
... ... ... ... .

-1
so i purchased this an ibook from this seller and was excited , because it was suppose to be a gift for my fiance .
however , when the item did arrived , my fiance took a good look at it and tried to go on the web .
the sad thing is it took forever juswt for the web page to load .
after that , he tried youtube and youtube can not even load .
he tried transferring all his items from his old laptop to this one ( the ibook ) , however it would not read .
so he did some research and turns out that this ibook ran at a 133 mhz .
he tried downloading the latest version but found out that the ibook could not handle it because it ran way too slow .
i remembered that the description said 800mhz too .
so we returned the item due to failure and false advertisement .
sad ...

-1
i bought my ibook and for three days was happy as a clam .
on the third day my hard drive completely failed .
this was confirmed by the support team at the game development company where i work .
the ibook was sent to a service center where they tried to charge me 50 dollars to look at it .
i refused and the ibook sat unlooked at for three more days until finally under pressure from both me and the support team , the performed the five minute hard drive diagnosis and pronouced it dead .
then the ordered a new hard disk and told me it would be a week until it arrived .
so far my ibook experience has been1 ) defective product2 ) attempt to charge for repair of product3 ) late diagnosis4 ) late repairif you 're thinking about getting a mac , get a powerbook .
they 're 2cnd generation and wo n't have nearly as many quality issues as the ibooks .
apple always tries to fix computers , never replace them .
dig around and you 'll find a lot of people with ibooks and failed hard disks on forums .
if i had a chance to do it again , i would n't have bought this computer .
i 'd have got the 12 inch powerbook instead

-1
i am upset he lied and the laptop is worst than he explained i am so mad now i have to pay money to send it back and the internet wont load do not trust this man

-1
i am an it person for a midsized company .
back in 2002 i decided to buy about 12 of these pcg v505 's .
they have been the unmitigated bane of my existence for almost 5 years .
as you can see by other reviews the hard drives ( which are made by toshiba ) go bad .
that is the least of the troubles .
the biggest problem with these units is the pcmcia slot that is almost guaranteed to go bad- especially using 32 bit verizon cards .
of the 12 we bought 8 of them within as little as a year had bad slots which make them unusable for portable use- as the slot does n't work .
i found a company called elan digital systems that sold me 5 pcm to usb card converters that , with some tweaking can get you back on line- but for the $ 249.00 i 'm not sure if its worth it .
also the keybaords have flimsy keys which have very often broken off , save for the fact that i have a few on the junkpile to pick from , a new keybaord is $ 95 from which you must carefully pick off the bad keys and replace your keyboard .
in addition , sony in all its brilliance , designed the spare ram chip slot so that its too close to the back and is not always fully protected fron static electricity .
of course you 'll find this out after sitting the laptop on staticy pants or a hotel bedspread and shortly thereafter the computer locks up .
this again has happened with at least 6 of 12 computers we own .
new chips at sometimes 100.00 a pop add up quickly .
i have n't even mentioned the clueless people at sony who claim they know nothing about bad pcm slots and of which there is no mention of the problem on the search part of their tech support.all in all everyone who thinks this these are great beacuse of size and weight well , take my advice : think twice .
they are and have been my nightmare and truly the happiest day of my life will be when the last one hits the scrap heap .
try averatec 's 2150 half the price and non of the bs with sony .

-1
never trust sony laptops , you lose functionality if you ever make the mistake of upgrading and the laptop is pretty much useless .

-1
user lie about item ... the laptop was drop very hard because it was crack .
i received the item on time .
i really love the itembut lcd screen is going bad and keyboard is bad .

-1
toshiba has the worst customer support system i have ever been involved with .
i have had to send my computer into their repair depot 4 times for the same problem ( backlight failure ) .
they refuse to replace the computer .
the last time the hard drive failed and i lost everything i had stored in the computer .
they still tell me & quot ; your only option is to have it repaired & quot ; .there are difficulties reaching their helpline .
the wait times start at 10 minutes and go up to 30 mins .
i 've given up on several occasions .
even when you do get to talk to a technician , they are difficult to understand as english is obviously their second language .
several times i was talking to people in india.i would caution everyone reading this to buy a different make of laptop .

-1
e machine laptop heats up and shuts off and the monitor flickers .
i have sent it back three times and today is the fourth time , as it continues to shut off and flickers .
i have it for less than a year , and i can not get my money back .
i have written the attorney general at their irvine , california headquarters to try to get my money back .
let 's hope that works .
ed in philadelphia

-1
i have been having intermittent wifi problems .
meaning the connection drops and does not reacquire .
this is a known problem with the lan-express as 802.11g component that is used ( check a google search for sony laptop intermittent wireless failure ) in the machinebut sony will not acknowledge that there is a problem .
they invite me to send in my laptop for a month but i ca n't do without it for a month .
i 'm stuck .

-1
i repair computers for a living and i can honestly say that this is the worst piece of junk i 've ever worked on .
everything is designed to be difficult to get at , sony offers very little help or support or downloads on their website for the unit , and if it breaks down , the parts are about 5 times as expensive than any other computer out there .
its very heavy to move around , and in person it is quite ugly .
it looks like something from the early 80 's .
avoid this computer .

-1
sony vaios came highly recommended by many of my friends ; i had heard nothing but good things about their notebooks .
( the desktops ... not so much .
but the notebooks were supposedly great . )
my tr3ap1 worked fantastically for about two weeks , until it completely stopped working -- xp pro would n't start at all , system restore would n't work , and i could n't even get it back to a point where i could get any data off of it.turns out they sent me a unit with a bad hard drive .
instead of being apologetic , they attempted to charge me to replace it ( never mind that i purchased an extended warranty and had owned the computer for less than a month ! )
and insisted that i give them a credit card number to 'secure the repair , in case the warranty was n't valid . '
it took 2 hours on the phone and three supervisors to get the warranty-covered repair authorized.when it was working , the computer ran much more slowly than one would normally expect , even taking into account slower-than-average processor than is usually found in notebooks now .
while the small size and sharp screen are great , i think i would have been much better off buying an apple or a dell , two brands i 've always had great luck with .

-1
hi all , i made an order for this notebook & quot ; toshiba satellite p25-s670 & quot ; .and this was from a third party seller.and i received a confirmation mail for my order from amzon.and when i mail to the seller , i did not get any reply from him.also the customer service person from amazon , is saying my order was not complete .
( even after amazon had sent a confirmation mail to me about my order . )
seems like some thing is fishy ... .please be carefull while bying any stuff from here.regardsashok

-1
i am a web developer and have owned an acer 1710 for slightly over one year .
it has performed everything that i have asked of it with flying colors .
i have been incredibly pleased with its reliability and speed .
in many ways it has outperformed many desktop pc 's .
portability is not an issue ; ocassionally i can take this thing anywhere i must and grab even a weak signal and use it effectively and go where other laptops can not think of going .
my problem with this acer laptop is that the screen suddenly burned out after about 1000-1200 hours of use - slighly beyond the one year warranty - in ten years of computer use i have never had a screen burn out .
the manufacturer was adamant about charging nearly $ 500 to replace the light source .
apparantly the back light is an integral compontent of the screen .
now , light bulbs are consumable but why does the design so restrict replacing the light source that it must cost me an arm and a leg to replace it ?
thus , it is my feeling that acer screens suffers from unintelligent industrial design .
i will not purchase another acer product because of this hidden undisclosed design-performance flaw .
what else will this company build that will cost me unexpectedly down the road ?
my personal feeling is that poor design is the burden of the manufacturer and they want me to pay up and bear the burned of their design problem .
too bad .
never again .

-1
this review is n't just about the machine but the company also .
i have had terrible luck with this machine .
i have had two power supplies go bad .
i bought the worthless extended warranty on it .
when i bought the machine i bought the $ 200 extra long life battery .
it died just outside the 12 month warranty and low and behold they do not cover it under the extended warranty .
that cost me $ 179.00 to replace .
then when the power supply died it took them almost two weeks to get it to me .
i had to call mundocorp and order one and pay for it out of my own pocket so i could use my laptop that week for school.the hard drive was replaced twice .
it randomly would n't boot and would say that it could n't find the hard drive .
i sent it in , they would n't fix it .
i took it out of the box when they sent it back and it would n't boot.i 'm a system administrator and this thing has frustrated me to no end .
they wo n't ship me parts like dell , so i have to ship it off each time .
it 's never been reliable.even when i first ordered it , i called to make sure that i would get it within three weeks so i could use it for a flash class i was taking .
they assured me i would get it .
it took 2 months !
i think with all the upgrades and warranties i paid just under $ 2500 for this machine.i will never buy a gateway computer again .
i support dells in my job and have never had so many problems with one machine .
not only that , but gateway wastes your time .
i called in about my battery and they had me jumping through all sorts of hoops and doing all sorts of stuff over a period of three days , calling back several times ... .
and then after all of this they told me the battery was n't even covered under the warranty .
all that , and they could have told me before.i really recommend you look at another brand before you buy a gateway .

-1
we bought this computer in 2004 and had it repaired for a loose power jack in 2006 ( symptoms : loses power either sporadically or completely ; eventually destroys the motherboard due to arcing at the power source and simply wo n't start ) .
it took months to repair because it came back with a faulty keyboard and had to be sent back .
now , again , the power jack is loose .
looking online , i see this is fairly common for hp notebooks ( as well as for several other brands ) .
but hp does n't `` recognize '' this problem and therefore wo n't recall it or offer free repair or a work-around solution .
it 's common for manufacturers to attempt to blame the consumer for moving the notebook around too much or for pulling out the adapter at an angle , or whatever .
but we did n't even move this hp zv5120us notebook/laptop since it was last repaired , except for maybe once .
hey , you should be able to move the darn thing ; it 's a laptop !
if people want something to be done about this , they need to contact hp and complain .
i did ; unfortunately , they are just parrots that can only repeat that the problem is not recognized as an issue and that i can pay for a repair ( hundreds of dollars and weeks of time lost . )
the one work-around that i saw people talking about online , an all-in-one media entertainment cable , is said by hp technicians not to be a real solution , as the power supply still arcs inside and will eventually cause damage/failure .
even if you want to try it , this cable is currently not to be found , at least not at the retail price of $ 40 .
you might find it on ebay for many times that - probably because of all the hp owners trying to get around the loose jack problem , not realizing or caring that it 's a temporary fix at best.thanks for letting me express my frustration .
maybe it will help to caution potential buyers , and maybe some people who are experiencing the same issue will contact hp to let them know it is a `` recognized '' problem , at least among many of their customers .
i 'm big on consumer rights , and i feel it 's just not right for hp to be in denial at the consumer 's expense !
( other weaknesses that we have noticed : the paint finish wears off very quickly ; the dvd player stops sometimes while watching . )

-1
power cord failure , wo n't last .
eventually you wo n't be able to turn on your laptop , thats if the mother board do n't fry first .
hp could care less , the 'll fixed it alright for big $ $ $

-1
at the right beginning of my purchasing this laptop , it works ok .
however , the body of the computer is so hot that is completely unacceptible .
after used for couple of months , problems came out gradually : the battery completely died out , the body became very hot after you used for just half hour .
the cdrom did not work any more .
to my impression , averatec product=cheap=bad quality .

-1
we bought two averatec computers .
both have had to go in for service .
their service department is a nightmare .
expect three to four weeks for a simple repair and do not expect to get a straight answer about the status of your rma repair .

-1
i will never buy another toshiba laptop again .
my laptop got sent back to depot for repairs for more than 8 times -- each repair taking between 4 days to 3 weeks !
buyers beware !

-1
if you read no more of my lengthy diatribe , read this : do not waste your precious and/or hard-earned money on this `` high '' ( that 's a laugh !
!
! )
performance piece of junk ; it is incredibly overpriced and overrated .
i 've had three of these things because they all crashed when brand new ( the warranty gave me new ones , thank god ) ; all the `` talk '' about mac lately boggles the mind .
i 've had it for 16 months , taken care of it as well as an overwhelmed phd student could possibly manage and i 've experienced nothing but problems ( ones that are quite pricey now that the warranty is up ) .
the care plans should be included , moreover , instead of mac 's relentless price gouging for even the slightest of upgrades .
an example ?
i paid just under $ 140 for mac osx tiger ( v. 10.4.02 ) and all it did was clog my hard drive with more of mac 's trendy , flashy and largely useless `` widgets '' and other useless programs and things that are , to be frank , nothing but cyber-status symbols .
`` multitasking '' is impossible ; `` the color wheel '' ( the equivalent of the hourglass in windows ) comes on constantly even when you ask it to do the simplest tasks , like use word ( which is [ for mac ] slow , sloppy and incompatible with people who like to get work done ) and play itunes simultaneously .
it constantly needs its `` force quit '' application used because it can not handle more than a trio of `` major '' programs running at once ; it will just simply stop responding .
moreover , the `` stylish '' metal-plated design causes the exterior to become dented and , on another note , the lcd display is damaged if put under even the lightest of rigor ( if you have a hectic professional life , or school life , etc.
, avoid this computer like the avian flu ) .
readers , you 're intelligent people who want the most for your money : do you really want to spend thousands of dollars on something like this ?
be sensible with a dell , toshibo ( that 's the best brand i 've worked with ) or sony for less money and an infinitely better performance all-around .
it is supposed to be this eminent , sterling state of the art machine and all it is really is a very photogenic , good-looking fashion item , plain and simple .
all people do is say `` that 's pretty nice ; smooth design '' or something to that effect ... if they ever asked me about the function , i would not have nice replies in hand .
to be frank , mac creates things ( ipod excluded ) that look good and perform poorly most of the time .
bottom line : do not buy this computer if you are a professional person who likes to finish things , have a user-friendly experience , do not like an inanimate object to make you angry with its constant , unending problems and , finally , waste so much money .
the ipod is good but the laptop is utterly useless and/or dreadfully slow about two-thirds of the time .

-1
do not buy this model because apple has just come out with the next generation ibook which sports hefty hardware upgrades including a 1.33ghz processor and integrated aiport express .
it sports the same price .

-1
this computer was not compatible with my wireless network and i needed to buy an upgrade in order to do it , so i just returned it

-1
this thing is absolute junk hep .
the only reason that i bought this damn thing , is that allot of youtube ads say that it was virus proof and it 's clearly not .
it suckered me in saying that you can go to the most ronchiest x rated site and not worry about viruses or spyware .
well now the damn thing wo n't even go online anymore .
and when i first bought this mistake , i had to jump threw hoops to get to where it can play clips and so on .
you have to download this , that , the other and something else too , before you even get it to play and one damn clip .
so do n't buy this worthless pos if all you want is to watch porn on it .
it 's not worth it .

-1
i bought this machine principally because of the unix interface as i am usually disappointed with portable pc linux installations .
well this is worse .
it worked fine for about a month then i did a routine software upgrade a recommended by apple .
now everytime i use the mail utility or ssh to another machine , all open programs crash.in short , the concept is good but the execution stinks.other design issues .
unix users need a three button mouse .
no excuse for the single button on this machine.it is too heavy.it runs too hot .
it will burn your lap after about 15 minutes.i will shortly be sending this back to surplus and have my lab buy me a ( much lighter ) windows machine .
maybe i will try a dual xp/linux boot again ...

-1
this acer ferrari beside the nice design it does not deserve any penny , i will never buy such item like acer ferrari ever , acer are one of the most low quality computers , i got one 1 year ago and crashed when i was recover the system operating , it is down and acer are not able to help me , they ask for more than a half of the computer value to replace the motherboard when the problem was with the bios flash ... ...

-1
just walk away .
i do n't think acer brand is ready for the usa .
someday , your going to need support , and acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
so , my opinion is to shop elsewhere .

-1
i purchased this computer in september and have already had numerous problems with it .
after owning it for a few weeks , it started acting up .
everytime i turned it own , it would go into a loop and just keep rebooting itself .
i called support ( the person was very rude ) and he told me it sounded like i had a virus - even though i have norton anti-virus and zone alarm pro for a firewall .
after spending an hour with the rude support person , we managed to get it to start acting right again .
he then proceeded to scold me about how i have to be careful about downloading software off the internet ( which i never do ) and how i need to be better about updated my software.a couple of weeks later , i try to turn on the computer , and it wo n't turn on .
well , the indicator lights on the front of the computer would turn on , but the screen would n't turn on .
called support again and after another hour or so , he decided that the computer had to be shipped to california for repair .
when i complained that i really needed this computer for my business , the support guy said , `` well that 's why i have two computers , in case one goes out . ''
so i guess sony computers are so awful that you have to buy two of them ?
anyway , they sent a fedex box and it was shipped and returned in a couple of days .
they apparently had to replace the entire motherboard .
i turned it on , and another error popped up on the screen .
called support again , they helped me fix that one.another couple of weeks later , turn on the computer and this time i get another error message - basically the computer ca n't find my hard drive .
called support again , and right now , it 's in california being `` repaired .
`` aside from the one rude support person , the service has been fine .
i have not paid for any of the repairs or shipments , but i use this computer for my business and it needs to be just a little bit more reliable.i 've owned this computer for a little over 2 months and have already had all these problems .
i 'm never buying another sony again !

-1
i thought i was ordering a computer for $ 750.00 , but when the order came back , its price was $ 1,764.96 .
i have tried to cancel this order , but do n't know if i was successful .
there is no way that i can see to contact amazon.com accounting department to clarify this portion of my otherwise book order .
my rights were taken away , and i did not have the information on the real price of this item until i got my confirmation .
if i do n't hear from amazon.com , i 'll have to cancel my order via my credit card .
does anybody know how to contact these people ?
?
?
helpless @ mehlman @ patmedia.net .

-1
i originally bought this for several reasons , and admittedly i was seduced by the screen and the relative style compared with other laptops available at the time.several thousand reboots later , and after spending many many hours trying to make sony 's proprietary pre-loaded crapware play nice or get off , i have given up .
this computer crashes all the time , does not play nice with firefox , itunes , or several security suites .
even after hours online and on the phone with tech support , no good- the beautiful screen is not worth it if all you see are error messages and reboot screens .
it runs *extremely hot* the fan operates all the time , it is noisy , the battery stopped taking a charge worthy of unplugging it about 6 months after i purchased it ( even with careful management to try to extend the battery life ) .
i would take my old dell p2 back in a heartbeat in trade for this thing .
because of my experience with this heap , i will never buy another sony product again .

-1
for all of you out there do not fall to this cheap product.i bought a sony notebook pcg-k13 last year and paid a lot of money thinking i am getting a sony quality and it turned out it has a major problem that all notebooks of sony have .
it overheats very fast and finally the hard drive died and even after buying a new hard drive the problem persisted .
so for those who are lucky enough to check this do not buy this product .
i am sad : (

-1
i purchased this computer in july , and on december 5th the hard drive broke .
it will not mount and makes grinding and clattering noises .
i have lost data .
this is not a quality product .
i am now returning it to sony ( event # e26545346 ) .
i thought sony made quality products and i paid a premium for their notebook compared to other notebooks and look at what i get .
i am very unhappy .
i wonder if this is more than just an isolated incident .
i will never buy a sony product again and do everything i can to stop others from buying sony 's products.so if you like your hard drive unexpectingly crashing and like to lose data then go ahead and roll the dice and buy this computer .

-1
i bought this laptop in feb 05 from compusa .
it was dead in the april 05. i sent to toshiba service station .
i am putting this review on 06/29/05 .
since todate i did not receive my laptop .
when i called toshiba , they say my laptop motherboard , screen and processor died.its amazing that within 2 month all majour part of the laptop is dead !
!
!
!
above all toshiba is not able to fix this problem in 3 month !
!
!
how people can trust toshiba in future ?
?
?
i put negative infinity point for this laptop as well as toshiba.i 'll never buy any toshiba product in future ... .

-1
after a few short weeks of bliss-filled computing my toshiba decided that it was going on strike .
i was unable to even power my new laptop up ... ok , so began my first forray into repair hell .
i dropped it off at a local toshiba service partner .
after 3 weeks of `` waiting for a part '' i finally had my `` new '' new laptop back ... it worked great and i wrote the entire incident off as a fluke .
how very wrong i was !
... even as i type this the keyboard is tweeking !
going on ... .
1 month after i got this piece of garbage back from repair the dvd crapped out !
, i called toshiba hoping for a quick fix ... no such luck ... their answer ?
you guessed it ... '' take it to the local service center '' ..for as long as i live i will never buy another toshiba anything !
!
do yourself a big favor ... buy something else !
!

-1
this is a great laptop ... if you 're planning on using it for only two years .
if that 's the case , feel free to pick this one up .
it has great display and performance , though it 's a bit on the heavy side.but after two years of use , expect to see problems crop up everywhere .
the battery life is just the tip of the iceberg .
i 'm always very protective with my electronics , but this thing simply defies belief .
after two years , the hinges for the lid deteriorate and it was projected at $ 200 just to acquire the replacement parts ; repair would 've been another story .
the fans begin to work improperly , allowing the laptop to overheat , shut down , and -- if you happen to be working on a file saved on a flash drive -- you lose all your work .
the ac adapter will also arbitrarily decide to die , and the cheapest replacements i 've seen are $ 60 ( and do n't every buy those from toshiba ; they 're overpriced and have extremely poor perfomances ) .
by the time your ac adapter goes on the fritz , or your fans stop pulling their weight , your battery life should be down to about ten minutes -- if you have n't replaced yours yet.as i said before , if you plan on having a short-term stand-in for a desktop , this one is well-suited to the task .
beyond that , you 're better off saving your money .

-1
i thought to write my negative review but jeremy p. seda `` ceo of xms , inc. '' said it all !
in fact i do n't even have to change the dates !
i am experiencing exactly the same problms .
thanks jeremy .
now all i can do is to express my anger and frustration posting my negative reviews on all major websites.want to be as frustrated as i am ?
go ahead and buy toshiba laptops !

-1
mine heats up too .
it does this if i do anything intensive .
if it just sits there doing nothing it will stay on.piece of garbage .
i did clean out the air vent .
it was a real pain as i had to take the entire computer apart to do so .
1000 screws on the back to undo , undo hard drive , wireless card , memory , keyboard .
do n't do this because it aint worth the work and you will probably really mess up the inside of your computer because it is a very delicate operation.anyhow , it did n't work .
its not the air vent - mine was barely dusty .
put this laptop on a cold pak to use it , that 's all you can do .

-1
i have owned this computer for two months now .
a week ago the machine suddenly froze and the display changed resolution and gave me a message that the display driver had stopped functioning normally .
since then i have spent countless hours running recovery programs to restore the c drive to its original configuration , reinstalling drivers and reloading software .
the problem continues and has gotten worse .
three lengthy phone calls with sony have resulted in zero improvement and only shrugged shoulders as to what might be wrong with the unit .
now they want it sent back to them ( a process that will take one to two weeks with no assurance that they will be able to fix it ) .i purchased the unit because i travel a lot .
it was lightweight and small and could be used on an airplane even if the guy in front of you put his seat back .
the problem is that it does n't work anywhere .
i will never purchase another sony computer product and i recommend that none of you do either .

-1
xbrite screen technology means you will have annoying reflections and glare when used in an office environment .
you can see every light fixture and ceiling tile in the `` glossy '' screen reflection .
i have been a loyal sony customer and this is my 4th sony notebook .
this is my first and last xbrite screen !
!
!
!
!
!

-1
i saw a deal in skymall magazine , through tigerdirect to get this retractable cable kit for only $ 10 after rebate .
if i had n't spent so much on shipping , this would have gone back !
less than half of the pieces even work at all .
none of the adapters worked , which was what i really wanted it for .
the usb cables all worked ok ( do n't expect high-speed support ! )
, but none of the cable adapters worked at all !
!
for instance , i tried the usb `` a-male to b-male '' adapter that is supposed to allow you to use it as a device cable .
i plugged it into my scanner .
the scanner made some noise , which verified that it was plugged in .
but that was it - it would not scan .
i plugged in a regular usb 1.1 cable i had laying around , and the scanner worked perfectly - at usb 2.0 high-speed , even !
i tried the firewire adapter , to plug into a dv camera , and neither the computer , nor the camera could tell they were connected to each other .
the firewire cable itself works ok , although it does not include any power like other firewire cables do .
i tried both the `` usb-a to mini 4-pin adapter '' on my digital camera , and it did n't work .
i tried the `` usb-a to mini 5-pin adapter '' on my pda , and that did n't work either .
the headphones work ok , and so does the mouse .
i would not recommend this product .

-1
***warning : do not buy this laptop if you want to run linux !
!
!
***there are so many unresolved hardware issues with this laptop that installing linux is more pain than it is worth , especially if you want to run it in 64-bit native mode .
broadcom refuses to release specs on their hardware or an adequate driver for linux , so you will not be able to run the integrated wireless chip at all !
you will be forced to run in 32-bit mode only and use ndiswrapper and the winxp binary driver.there is also an issue with this laptop at the hardware level relating to the timer pin and irq routing .
due to a flaw in the design you will need to boot the kernel with option 'noapic ' and disable these features .
even in windows you will notice the issues due to this problem , like hard disk clicking and slow system response times in certain situations.the alps touchpad is also not supported out of the box on any distros and requires a kernel patch to obtain functionality .
the audio is pretty good overall , but some key features are missing under linux .
the firewire controller acts quirky .
the win modem onboard has no driver .
the pc cardbus slot needs an option to disable a memory range to get functionality .
acpi has issues , again due to the timing pin hardware issue .
and to top it off , the easy access keys on the face of the keyboard are not all implemented and supported under linux ( not really hp 's fault , right ? )
.
however , a majority of the issues with this laptop can be directly attributed to the fact that adequate design specifications and/or open source drivers were not made available for the components of this laptop .

-1
this is not a computer , feel free to contact me with details about the low quality of this computer ...

-1
i have owned over 4 laptops now and the ibm thinkpad is by far the cheapest and most unreliable laptop .
the computer has been unuseable every 4 months .
first the battery .
then the power source .
then the harddrive .
and now the motherboard , which by-the-way , has to be sent in to be replaced .
it will take approximately 2 weeks to get all that back to me .
i suggest a mac or toshiba .
their parts are not made in china , mexico , and malaysia like ibm-lenovo 's parts .
i should have never taken the advice of pc magazine .
they do not rate on reliability .

-1
it is a very good notebook .
slim but durable.my only problem with it is that the fan is always on.since i work at home , the noise level is simply too loud.i 'm returning it .

-1
i got this machine 10 months ago and recently its trackpad button lost its spring action .
the machine is under warranty but the ibm support says it happened because of the abuse .
i do not understand how you can abuse the trackpad button on a laptop.apart from that , the lcd started flickering when i open or close the lid and there is a crack on the palmrest which is propagating on its own .
the keyboard also wore out pretty fast .
i would not recommend this machine to anyone .
i have had dell , hp and sony laptops before and i must admit the best was the hp .

-1
it 's time ibm woke up and noticed that the market has caught up with its sole laurel of a spiffy keyboard .
this supposedly top-of-the-line desktop replacement , for nearly twice the price of a dell or a fujitsu lifebook , has plenty of gripes and very little to distinguish it from competition:1 .
the single biggest inconvenience is the tragic choice of a heat emitting exhaust on the left .
when we use a notebook , our hands naturally go to either side of the machine .
t42 is the only one i 've seen until now that was wise enough to put the cpu heat emissions on the left , so be prepared to have your left hand baked everytime , or start practicing one-handed typing.2 .
the second major annoyance is the insensitive touchpad .
ibm is good with nipples ( ok , the trackball ) but the touchpad requires about three to four touches to figure out that i am clicking.3 .
price point -- twice as much as a comparable dell latitude ( which you can completely customize ) or a fujitsu lifebook ( apart from the keyboard , the lifebook series just plain rocks ) .4 .
the legendary ibm keyboard ?
all dell latitude series these days have pretty much the same keyboard , and they come with better configs plus truly international support.5 .
speaking of keyboards , right above the back and forward arrow keys are two creative new keys which perform the function of back and forward in browsers .
these keys happen to quite eager to be accidentally pressed , which is supremely irritating .
what precise additional function they perform is unclear.6 .
and , what about the very , very , very convenient windows key on the keyboard ?
!
thinkpads still seem to think it 's ok to skip those .
come on now , we 're in 2004.7 .
the screen is horrible , what archaic technology are we using , tft from the 90s ?
almost every other manufacturer offers a brighter , sharper screen today than thinkpads.so , again , what was this & # 62 ; 3 grand us $ for ?

-1
i have had this computer for 2 years and from day 1 it 's been below average .
i should have returned it when it only worked for an hour on battery and was overheating .
i just ordered a new cpu which i cant wait for because i ca n't use this sony because the overheating causes the computer to turn off at random ... and i am on my 2nd cooling dock .
to be fair i will say that when it works it 's fine but it only works properly 15 % of the time , the remaining 85 % of the time i am waiting for a website to pull up staring at a blank screen.please do not buy this computer , you will regret it ... and oh by the way all of the decals on the top and bottom of the computer have melted off so i do n't know the serial number or anything about the cpu !

-1
i bought the vaio because all of my other electronics are from sony , and i 've been happy .
but they have n't quite gotten laptops down yet .
my comp is slower than i 'd expect , freezes at odd times and is generally unimpressive .
also , like someone else pointed out , it is a bit hefty to be carrying around .
i 'd reconsider buying this computer and i wish someone would have told me the same before i bought it ...

-1
this very expensive less than 2-year old laptop quit powering on after a spell of `` automatic-shut offs '' .
i had my it people look at it just before it quit working altogether .
they thought it was running hot .
turns out sony had a recall for s-series if your computer was still under warranty .
i do n't trust anything sony anymore .
customer service for such a widespread issue was horrible .
it is amazing that `` we the people '' still purchase junk of this nature .
i would strongly suggest any other computer .

-1
12 months and exactly the same thing has happenedthe screen is cracked with purple lines going downand of course i have to pay because they say it is abuse

-1
well i 've had this laptop for 3 years .
overall , the fan is loud and it is poorly constructed .
luckily i had purchased a 4 year accidental protection plan that shortly ended in 3 years because of the cost to replace the screen .
2 screen repairs and a couple bad keyboard keys meant that my warranty was fulfilled and buying a 4 year warranty was a stupid idea .
it seems any repair whether by defect ( 3 out of 4 ) or accidental ( 1 out of 4 ) counted towards your accidental warranty work .
because of those 3 manu .
defects in workmanship this ended my warranty early which just does n't sit right with me .
now i have a bad screen that supposedly has a crack that i do not see that and is not covered and they want $ 762 to fix it .
do not buy this laptop or you will get burned , i guarantee it .

-1
i bought it in nov 2005 .
in winter it gave me really good performance .
but in mid of march because of a little hit it started turning off it self .
it has really big problem with over heating .
one day smoke was coming from laptop keyboard .
before i react it was burnt out .
i sent it back to averatec and they return me after replacing motherboard .
it worked perfectly for an hour .
as soon as plugged it to chrge battery once again smoke was coming out of it .
this time i was fast enough to disconnect ac power supply .
averatec gave me a new rma and ( and ) returned my laptop after 1 month ( 1 whole month ) even though i sent it back my self without waiting for free shipping offered by averatec .
after getting it back i have got wired keyboard .
key board is really hard .
i am using computer for 8-10 hours in a day from last 6 years .
this is the worst keyboard i have ever used .
i thought `` i will get soft after using for couple of weeks '' .
but i was wrong .
i started lossing display .
lcd screen started turning off itself and i have to shake it so it comes up again .
what a laptop .
( is it from 80 's or before that ? )
i do n't know what to do with this piece of crap .

-1
this has been the most unreliable computer i have ever seen , and i have the joy of owning it .
at six months old , there 's something wrong with the hard drive connector , and it 's newest trick involves randomly shutting off , sometimes to reboot , sometimes to do nothing but power on , but not even start to boot up or turn the screen on .
hard not to feel had after shelling out over 2 grand on it .

-1
i bought a sony vaio pcg laptop for 1,350 in 2003 having chosen the machine mainly for its large , high-resolution screen ( 16inch , 1600 x 1200 ) and in the belief that sony laptops were some of the most reliable on the market .
however , when the computer was just over 14 months old ( not quite three months out of warranty ) , the keyboard failed completely , and i had to purchase an external usb keyboard to be able to continue using it .
i wrote to sony , arguing that such a major fault was unacceptable , and asked them to repair the product at their own expense .
their response was to offer me a derisory 10 % discount on the cost of repairs.then , about a month later , the screen flickered briefly and died completely !
i was left with an expensive laptop that was effectively reduced to a desktop machine that could only be used with an external keyboard and an external monitor.so , here was a laptop that had been used carefully for about five hours a day , in a benign environment , had never suffered any kind of physical damage , and had only been taken out of the house on a handful of occasions , and yet had developed two major faults in the space of just sixteen months !
sony 's response to my complaints was simply to argue that their machines `` are some of the most reliable available on the market '' .not one , but two major faults in just over a year .
reliable ?
judge for yourself .
my advice : think very carefully before purchasing a sony vaio laptop - unless , that is , you intend using it as a desktop machine .

-1
after less than 3 months of use , the battery of my vaio pcg-k37 died .
i contacted sony and they told me that the warranty on the battery was only 30 days and that i should buy a new battery .
new battery cost me $ 200 .

-1
this vendor is totally bogus .
the computer advertised and ordered was not the one received .
i sent several emails to attempt to rectify the situation and was ignored on the key item : received : toshiba portege m200 pm-1.5g 1g 60gb ( ppm20u-07ugr4 ) ordered : toshiba portege m200 pm-1.7g 512mb 60gb ( ppm21u-07uev8 ) the other equipment that was supposed to be included was received only after 2 other email complaints.i do not understand how amazon is supporting such crooked vendors .
plus , amazon deleted all my documenting emails from the amazon site !
you can bet your bottom dollar that i will never be ordering anything from amazon again !

-1
fan noise is killing me on this laptop .
its amazing .
it can be heard upto several feet away even when there is surrounding noise .
not to mention other issues like weight , _very_ low battery life ( its much lower than they advertise ) .
the only thing that stands out in this laptop is its screen .
i also have intermittent problems with the touchpad .
overall , i wouldnt recommend this laptop at all .
i want to reach out to sony and get it exchanged if possible , even if i have to pay some money .
the fan noise is very erratic also - goes up and down like nobody 's business .
i am also not happy with the performance of this laptop - not sure its windows or the hardware tho .
looks to me , its hardware since windows has less latency issues on my other desktop .

-1
hi all , i was very happy when i bought ( from amazon.com ) this but after few days i discovered it was making notice due to fan & never stops to takeoff heat .
later it was working very slowly and after that my dvd writer did n't work .
i sent for sony service , they repaired it in 10 days and sent me back .
after the service they replaced the hard disc and dvd writer .
it was working for few days and then it started giving trouble ... still making lot of notice , slow performance and hangs up for no reason and to pull file it takes lot of time ... i talked to sony costumer care they do n't care other than service , he told me to recover the system and he told that it should take 45 minutes to recover but it took me almost double the time what he told ... then after recovering it works for few minutes fine and hangs .
later i told him that i will try for another week and still i have problems and i am not at all satisfied with this `` my master piece of junk '' ... so , i have to send it aging to service ... i am not happy and i suggest do n't buy it ... .
problematic model and you know sony notebook computers are down in market ...

-1
great screen , battery life , nice keyboard , wireless is perfect.butthe cpu will not run faster than 797mhz on the one i bought , and hp admitted it is a flaw .
they claim a bios fix will solve the problem and the fix will be available `` soon '' - i would wait until the problem is fixed befor buying this otherwise very nice machine .

-1
i bought this laptop a year ago from circuit city as a present for my husband.in less than a year it had a hard drive and a cd/dvd drive replaced , and the batttery pack , ram , and the os and programs , removed , and installed over and over again.new year 's eve was spent talking to technical service people from india , and seattle , on the first day of the new year more of the same with india and finally with some spanish speaking people.last time i heard from a supervisor of the supervisor that i needed to fax the receipt for the purchase of the laptop in order to bring it to another supervisor to determine what to do .
i still have not heard from them.the laptop is an useless paperweight , sad reminder of money , time , and confidence in hp lost.bottom line , buy mac .

-1
i really do not rate this item at all !
i purchased this system in december 2004 and every six months a new problem surfaces .
in june 2005 it was returned to a authorized repair centre but returned with diminished performance .
in december 2005 , vertical pinstripes and eventually blackholes appeared on the screen .
in june 2006 the keyboard malfunctioned .
in november 2006 it went through toshiba 's `` systemboard enhancement program '' and was returned early december .
late december , the screen problems resurfaced and today , january 6th there is a vertical black hole about 2 1/2 inches on the screen and the screen 's resolution is fuzzy .
toshiba had extended the warranty on my system for one year after purchase .
originally , i thought that this was unique to my situation but i have subsequently learnt that other owners are having serious problems with this model .
this , along with the systemboard enhancement progam , i think is an under-the-radar product recall .
as recently as today , i searched for this product on toshiba 's website and it is no longer for sale !

-1
we bought this computer in 2005 and have had nothing but problems with it one after the other .
we recently took it in to best buy ( thank god we bought the extended warranty ) because the screen was malfunctioning .
i got a call today that this laptop has been recalled .
that 's funny , when i was on the phone with toshiba support a few weeks ago they did n't mention the recall .

-1
beware .
the computers ok .
i 've owned it less than a year and the motherboard already had to be replaced.but my main gripe is with the toshiba tech support people .
they seen to have only limited knowledge of their product.two examples : after replacing the motherboard and having problems connecting to the internet , two different reps assured me the operating system was corrupt and i would have to use the recovery disk .
before i copied 1000+ photos , 3000 emails and years of banking data , i thought i 'd go to the source , microsoft , pay their small fee , and see what they thought .
after about 45 minutes of tinkering , the problem was fixed .
most recently , i wanted to upgrade the ram .
one tech told me the computer was upgradable to 2gb .
after buying the memory , the computer would only recognize 1gb .
i called back and was told this unit will only accept a max of 1gb .
wonderful !
i went back the original order from amazon to reread the specs and it states the computer will in fact accept 2gb .
so , i will now call them back again as it looks like its a problem with the memory hardware and the computer will need to be serviced , again .
not looking fwd to that as they outsource the work and the last time i got a runaround until finally someone arrived ( a week late ) .i must admit the `` media '' features are not worth much .
you can watch tv on the computer as long as you run a wire from the cable box .
what good is that .
my error , i just assumed it would have wireless capability.finally , it has a lot of little quirks that i 've never seen before .
i just think you can do better elsewhere .
hope i saved you some future distress .

-1
it seemed like a great machine at first , but the power supply broke after several days of use ( the machine would not power up at all ) .i contacted hp tech support and was connected with someone who barely spoke english .
after reading from a script for nearly thirty minutes , i was advised to `` take it back to from where you purchased it .
`` i am horribly disappointed with this purchase..

-1
after five months the lcd stared leaking from the upper right hand corner .
averatec customer service indicated that if it was an lcd problem it probably would not be covered under warranty , to be determined by repair facility .
sure enough repair facility , fremontek in fremont ca .
charged me $ 355.00 dollars to repair and return .
it took 8 weeks to get a refurbished computer returned .
repair facility has no toll free number , i spent 5 hours on hold waiting for customer service and they do n't return calls .

-1
our laptop has been at the repair facility for 3 ( three ) months !
!
we 've been on the phone with them weekly , and as of last week , daily .
we were first told it usually takes 7-10 days for repairs .
now , we 've been told they had to order a part from china and the part is sitting in customs and they have no way of knowing how long it will take to get it .
i 've talked to `` supervisors '' and they tell us the same thing ... . ''
sorry , i understand your frustration , but that 's all we can do . ''
when i asked to talk to the main office , i was told that they would n't talk to customers .
the customer service supervisor is the limit of who you can talk to .
many of the reps we 've had have been extremely rude , and when something is said to the supervisor , we just get the typical , `` sorry , i understand your frustration .
`` as you can tell , i am beyond frustrated .
this is by far the worst service we 've ever dealt with .
my husband is going out of town and needs his laptop for business .
they do n't offer replacements ... only an `` i 'm sorry .
`` back to dell we go !

-1
this is my first time to review a product !
i can not believe this product has this much high rating !
do n't be deceived by the previous compliments to this product .
now i seriously regret that i spent my money on this shoddy laptop .
now i 'm searching for a new laptop just one year after i bought this product .
this laptop has tons of defects , but especially the ac adapter sucks !
it is really hot not in a good way , the battery life is short , the speaker sound is bad , the fan is very noisy , and the ac adapter stopped working because it melted the plastic around the connector .
if you have enough money to check whether my complains are true , buy it as you please .
otherwise , keep my warnings in mind !

-1
how does this averatec laptop can have many problems ?
i bought this laptop because it was a good deal and according to my necessities the computer was the perfect .
light with a good processor.after i bought i realize that i had a problem on the screen , so i brought back to the vendor and i got another , i started and i realized that also this had a problem on the screen .
i brought back again and well i persuaded my wife to try again with the same model and company , i started the computer and installing the programs i realized after several intents that the cpu was damaged , so i brought back again and got a compaq , more heavy , a little bit more expensive but it is working perfectly and smoothly.so do not buy , averatekor before buy please think about that : what is the probability that a computer model presents three different hardware defects and this occurs to the same buyer ?
i hope you take the right decision !
!
!
do not buy itthe one star is the lowest one but i think it does not deserve any star at all , too bad

-1
i return this product , they never give me my refund , therefore they have my $ and the notebook.i work pay check 2 pay check it would be nice to have my refund or credit .

-1
i bought it to be able to do my homework and i cant even download microsoft office or any other programs .
and its also very slow

-1
i 've had the computer for about 3 month now with nothing but trouble .
here 's a run down : - very noisy fan- laptop runs hot hot hot !
even in a a/c room- periodically shuts down without warning due to overheating ( they are currently being sued by class action on several laptop models , with more coming ! )
- the batter life is abysmal ( less than 60 minutes ) - very weighty & big- poor placement of cooling fan ; if you try to use the laptop on your lap , you often block the cooling fan causing a crash due to heat- screen : if you have something really bright or really dark on the screen , you can sometimes see dark lines running up the screen from the light/dark area.- awful power managment ; 90 % of the time the battery dies w/out any warning to plug in- worst tech support ever !
!
!
we bought the 36 hour guaranteed turn around support .
first time we sent it in for support , they `` lost '' the computer for a week .
when they finally found it , but returned it untouched saying there were n't any problems ( even though it regularly dies ) .do yourself a favor ... buy dell .
this is the last toshiba i 'll ever buy .

-1
i received this device and thought it was fantastic ... to begin with.then i began to notice the design problems .
there is no lcd catch !
so the lcd has some free play against the keyboard allowing things in your bag to fall between the keyboard and the display .
the display is very week in order to save weight ( no glass etc ) .
so combined it is a disaster waiting to happen .
other laptops made it around the world with me , whereas this laptop did not make it off the local metro without the lcd going because of the design fault.a key came loose , and since the screen had not catch it lodged between the keyboard and screen until it smashed the screen.sony intended to charge me in full for this , but later settled to 70 % .
yet i still do not have the machine back as sony fail to deliver it .
originally they also had many failed pick ups .
i 've been waiting nearly 2months to get it back.a further warning to others regarding the vaio range .
if the lcd hinge/s crack you would expect this to be covered by the warranty .
it is not the case .
sony will tell you that the hinges must have been too tight and that you failed to inform them .
so if buying this product contact [ ... ] and report that you wish for your hinges to be checked otherwise you will be liable if they crack .

-1
the computer was not in stock so my order was canceled , therefore i really do not have a review for this item .

-1
i bought this laptop .
less than a month later the sound stopped working because of a hardware failure .
tech support was an absolute nightmare .
for 3 days i argued with the company because they could not find my laptop and claimed i never sent it , despite being given the tracking number proclaiming its delivery .
the rma status on the website has been broken for the entire month ordeal , and the company takes on average a week and a half to return a phone call requesting warranty status and tracking numbers .
when they finally shipped out my computer , the customer service representative sent the package to his name , not mine , so the dormitory i lived at would not release the package .
the company refused to do anything at first , saying it was the dorms choice what to do with the laptop , but after 2 hours on the phone , twice , they decided to ship the laptop back to california from illinois to ship it back , which was going to add another 2 and a half weeks to the 3 already past .
i 'm still waiting .
do not buy from these people !

-1
despu & eacute ; s de 1 a & ntilde ; o 3 meses de tenerla un buen d & iacute ; a dej & oacute ; de funcionar .
3 pitidos y nada m & aacute ; s. la llev & eacute ; al centro de servicio y me cobran la mitad del precio de nueva ( 28 mil pesos ) por repararla ( 12 mil pesos ) .
obviamente no voy a gastar 12 mil pesos y s & oacute ; lo me queda comprar una laptop pc que sea r & aacute ; pida ( muy lentita esta compu ) , que pueda reparar fuera del car & iacute ; simo centro de servicio autorizado y que tenga refacciones .
un robo .
la voy a tirar a la basura o a vender en partes .
cualquier duda sobre la veracidad de esta informaci & oacute ; n escr & iacute ; banme a mi e-mail .
s & oacute ; lo como an & eacute ; cdota .
lo mismo le pas & oacute ; a mi ipod .
se descompuso y la & uacute ; nica opci & oacute ; n fue cambiarlo .
afortunadamente estaba en el a & ntilde ; o de garant & iacute ; a. ipod u2 .
apple = computadoras desechables .

-1
good for checking emails , and very light word/excel processing work .
otherwise it is really more a gadget than a real computer .
hard drive is too small for using it as a standard computer as you can not store much info/data .
processing power too slow and even airport does not pick up all signals .
nice gadget ... that 's all it is .
i do not recommend it .

-1
this laptop broke after just a few uses .
being the first time to choose a mac air , i was needless to say , very disappointed .
apple support , which i fortunately never needed to use for my ipod , was not the least bit helpful .
i would recommend a netbook or a dell laptop , save yourself the headache .

-1
i bought the machine about 6 months ago from amazon and hardly used it until now , since i already had two additional notebooks.this machine has serious performance issues and design flaws esp .
considering the premium price you pay.there are many flaws but i will point to the most glaring one ... .the machine heats up badly after you try to watch anything for 5 minutes which is graphic oriented like an online video on amazon on-demand .
fan starts running at 6200 rpm ( max speed ) and then everything slows drown drastically and you are forced to shutdown.i took my machine to the apple repair center and after keeping the machine for 1 week they said that there is nothing wrong with it and it is performing as per designed capabilities !
!
!
!
i came back and checked the internet and this seems to be ever present problem with all the 1st generation macbook air .
apple is -- after 8 months of launching the 1st generation -- making major revamps in hardware by adding an external graphic card to improve performance.knowing this , i feel cheated as apple sold me an 'experimental ' product and fooled to pay such a price for a junk i cant put to a meaningful use.and i plan to refrain from apple products ( although my old macbook did not give any major problems ) .

-1
the screen is crap .
i have had to replace it twice , not a problem since it is under warranty , but when the warranty runs out , i will have to spend around $ 500 for when the screen starts to go dim on one side again .
i have been a mac user my whole life , but i really feel screwed over by this product .
i am a professional web and graphic designer and every single program i run is slow ( because the programs have to be translated by rosetta ) this just shows how careless apple really is .
if the mac book pro were to be released june 2007 , it would be released around the same time as adobe cs2 which will be switched over to universal binary allowing to really capture how power the machine can be .
however , that is months away and you will have to put up with extremely slow graphics programs until then .
mac always has run graphics programs a little slower than pc , but not this much slower .
you like lynksys routers ?
forget them , a lot of people ( including myself ) have been having problems with the connection between the mac book pro and the lynksys router .
these problems cause the internet connection to constantly be dropped .
i contacted apple support about the problem and they linked me to a troubleshooting page stating the following steps:1 ) reset router2 ) if number 1 does not work , contact 3rd party router support.i guess i will have to go out and buy the mac express airport , which has all the same features as any other wireless router at twice the price .
another big problem with the router is that sometimes i have trouble even shutting it down ; i will have to do a `` force quit '' on finder just so it will shut off .
another problem is that sometimes the laptop will turn itself on while closed , this is n't normally a problem with most laptops , but the mac book pro runs extremely hot , and with that heat pressed directly against the screen , it can cause little gray spots on the screen .
so do n't forget to turn your mac book pros off everytime you want to carry them somewhere .
this is ridiculous , i used to love this company , but ever since the ipod has come out , they just do n't seem to care about their computers .
my company is running windows vista on all non-design platforms , and you know what , its good , its really good .
mac has lost themselves a customer , i am no longer impressed with mac os x which i feel is sluggish at best , it has problems reading advanced and sometimes even basic coding ( this is something macs have always struggled with [ hence why most web designers use pcs ] ) .the insight camera is really cool and so is the video chat ability , but very few people have the ability to do this video chat back , plus , it is usually very choppy.as i said , i have been a mac user since the 80s , but i am not biased .
if you are going to shell out $ 2500 on a laptop , you deserve something of quality ; the mac book pro is not it .

-1
i a going on y third repair .
please forgive the letters in words that are not there .
one of the proble s there are lots !
!
!
!
rarely works for ore than an ho r at a ti e. wasted a year , lost work , always in the shop .
terrible !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!

-1
hi , the batter performance is poor .
the salesman at circuity city will bs to get their product sold .
it hardly lasts more than 80 minutes .
the laptop is loaded with junk .
it sux !
!
!
!
i installed red hat linux 9.0 and xp pro with sp2.their are no network card drivers for linux , so i can easily say forget about your wireless working on linux .
shame on both toshiba and intel for not supporting the same.the system can not hibernate nor turn itself off even after installing battry saver options that accompanied the cd.so i have had a horrible experience .
pretty much whatever i want i do n't get.i will never ever buy toshiba .

-1
sleek notebook , but that & # 8217 ; s the only positive .
my absolute worst fears all came true only three weeks after i bought it.within three weeks the screen had died on me .
called the warranty service who advised me to send it to the toshiba depot for repair , as opposed to taking it to a local service center .
they assured me that the depot would have all the necessary parts , whereas a service center will have to order them and wait .
they also assured me that i & # 8217 ; ll have my notebook back in about a week.three weeks later , after countless phone calls , and many promises of delivery & # 8220 ; next week & # 8221 ; , they finally told me that parts are still not available and that it would take two additional weeks before they get them.i called customer relations several times ( get used to 45 minutes on hold , don & # 8217 ; t bother leaving messages , they never return calls despite the promise of & # 8220 ; within the hour & # 8221 ; ) .
every time i was assured that this time they & # 8217 ; ll get it right and that i & # 8217 ; ll get my notebook within days.needless to say , two weeks passed , and the assurances turned to be meaningless .
customer relations & # 8217 ; only job is to get you off the phone , not to solve your problem .
so here i am with a brand new notebook that spent twice as much time in the repair shop than on my desk .
i called customer relations again , and asked to speak to someone who will actually do something to solve my problem , perhaps send me a replacement unit .
i bought the notebook because i needed it , and i just can & # 8217 ; t defer using it indefinitely .
guess what they told me ?
there & # 8217 ; s not such thing as someone who could do something .
there is no replacement policy .
i & # 8217 ; ll just have to wait for the part until it arrives & # 8211 ; whenever that is.a new notebook is not supposed to break right out of the box , but if it does , a respectable manufacturer should stand by their product and make up for the inconvenience to the customer .
toshiba has been utterly disappointing on all counts .

-1
after months of research , i narrowed by search to this one and the sony fs550 .
this was looked better , the sony one had tacky white keyboard.spent 1700 and got it home .
it crashed the next day !
completly .
i lost everything on it..the toshiba costumer support was terrible ... after talking for hours..with someone in i think india !
i was put to someone i could actually understand ... he could not help me either..told me to take it back to store.at the store , more arguing later.got another one ... are you ready.got it home again ... it crashed again .
it was slow , the hard drive failed .
i am on to my third one..and the explorer on it crashed..yes..i am taking it back and i want my money back ... this time..i am fed up .
why dont staff at toshiba read these and realize their cosumter service is not good .
if they dont care about their costumers ... it will affect the product and the company 's reputation .

-1
i originally bought an hp pavilion zd7500 .
after sending it in five times for the power cord not working and all the wasted time sitting on hold , they finally replaced it .
they replaced it with this piece of garbage .
i do extensive work on my laptop and i am telling you if you want a personal space heater by this machine .
not only will it keep you warm it will overheat and crash on you while running your screen saver or a word document .
note to user , do n't place this unit on a table .
this is unfortunately inherited by a lot of laptops that run the intel pentium 4 with hyper threading .
i suggest looking for something better without intel ht .

-1
have owned laptop a little over 2 years .
it has been back to sony twice and has finally crashed with its third bad motherboard .
no help from sony and sony customer satisfaction has no interest in keeping me as a customer or resolving defective motheboard issue .
i buy several computers each year for business and will no longer consider a sony product .
they are great when they operate properly , but i 'm afraid that is a challenge for this product .

-1
i just bought this laptop in june .
in just five days after loading software and briefly using it the screen went bad .
so i called sony and explained the problem and the man at sony said it is a hardware problem and he would send a box to return it in for repair.i returned it in his box and waited .
after not hearing anything i called sony to find out the status .
he said the lcd inside the computer was broken and then he said it would cost me $ 783.00 to have it fixed .
i explained to him about how careful i had handled it and it was either a manufacture flaw or either best buy and poor handling by them.i explained to him that after paying $ 2,400 with extended warranty i was extra careful.he kept on pointing the finger at me.so the bottom line is i have to pay $ 783.00 for poor workmanship by sony .
i will never buy anything with a higher price tag from sony or best buy again as they do not value customers and take care of them .

-1
i bought one notebook , which worked for barely 20 days , lcd blacked out , the back illuminating device failed and now can not see or read anything.basically back illuminating lcd notebooks are big flops .
trying sony support teamfrom last 4 days .
i hear nothing except recording messages , pushing me from one looping phone to another with no result .
already wasted few calls each lasting 40 to 60 minutes .
solution suggested by some jerks at sony : '' pushing on off button '' , `` if i have connected battery or cable '' .
this product is made in china and nothing but garbage for which i paid 1725 $ .
there is nothing called on site warrnty though it is included for a year on documents .
their dealer `` best buy '' are another bunch of jokers who do not want to do anything unless i pay 89 $ plus i need to buy service plan or extended warranty plan.sony vaio- made in china really sucks and customer service is full of unprofessional jerks .
would never recommend anyone to buy sony vaio more because of non-existing customer service.being bounced from one drone to the next , hearing about policies and procedures , but never about them trying to do the right thing and take responsibility for their products or promises , then you 've got plenty of choices and say no to sony vaio .
would never ever think of using sony vaio even if it comes free .
i have lost my precious data , project and work sheets with this sucking chinese garbage .
and still holding these garbage without any hopes of getting exchange or refund .
the way out is to sue them for all the losses , mental agony , time waste and busienss losses .

-1
warning - do n't buy an averatec .
my laptop had a serious flaw with the hardware that caused it to crash and not restart , even in safe mode .
all the data was lost this way twice and i had to reinstall windows and all my software .
i was using the notebook as is , with no system tweaks when this happened .
the second time i sent it back to averatec ( i had to pay shipping ) they had it for 3 weeks 'fixing it ' , and when it came back , the keyboard was loose .
they will not replace the physical unit and so now it has to go back for another service .
they said they would 'rush ' it , which means that it will be out 10 days .
this computer feels like it 's about 5 years old now and anyway , what 's the point of owning it if it 's not ever around ?
i can understand that things go wrong but hp and dell would replace the physical unit .

-1
do not buy an averatec computer .
i have this laptop and i had to send it the repair facility twice for the same problem .
the cd drive was not functioning and i sent to their repair facility and after 2 weeks it came back ... with the same problem .
they replaced the cd drive but did not even bother to test it .
i have to resend to have this fixed and wait another 2 weeks.by the way , you are responsible for shippping them the computer and they return via ground !
!
!
considering reputable companies now have more affordable laptops ( ex .
dell , toshiba , etc ... ) i suggest you stay far away from averatec.happy shopping ; - )

-1
ti was in no condition close to the pitcher nore is it the same typ of compurer shown.it was packed in a box sidwayse with stirephome inside the computer and screws missing and in the rong places the cd drive was smashed in as well id i wanted to be riped off id buy stuff off ebay

-1
the power book came poorly packed it was dented and broken the power cord would not connect to the power book , i would ask for my money back , but i think all buyers should be aware of this store and i chalk it up to lessons learned .

-1
discription shows 15 inch model with cd drive on front i got a 12 inch with broken battery that can work without wall power and its been a week and the seller has yet to respond do not order from ezcorp

-1
hp products are horrible .
after about 2 months since purchasing the laptop , something broke and i could n't use it without the battery in it .
so the battery was depleted quickly .
then the power connector on the back went loose , so i had to put up with constant interruptions because i had to always jiggle the power connector in the back for the power to get back on .
after a while nothing was working .
so i sent it for repair just before the warranty expired .
they sent it back and they did n't do anything to fix it .
i called customer service again and they told me to send it back .
i also purchase a new extended warranty to keep them working on it .
i wasted about a month on their incompetence and deception before they called me and said i have to pay for the motherboard because the motherboard is not under warranty .
that was the first time i ever heard this .
so now i am trying to get the money back for the extended warranty i paid for nothing .
customer service was n't rude .
but the company engages in deceptive practices and makes bad products .
too bad i could n't give a 0 star .

-1
when i got it , the computer had scratches , and it took me 2 tries to turn it on .
when it finally turned on , the internet was not working well .
i restarted it and the internet connected fine , after 5 times of reconnecting and connecting again .
it could not have been my internet because i went to the library and it did the same thing .
also , i had to buy a new battery for it because i had to keep the charger in the laptop or it would shut off in 5 minutes , no matter how long i charged it .
another thing is that the charger jack was loose .
i got 3 chargers for it .
with all of them , i had to wiggle the charger around for 5 minutes just to use it .
and when i was typing an essay or something and not paying attention to the battery life , it would black out and i would not have saved any of my work , thus having to type it again .
after some time it just stopped working altogether !
this happened so many times .
i 'm very disappointed with this product because i spent so much money on not only it , but accessories for it , and i was hardly ever satisfied with it..

-1
run , my friends , run from dell 's line of laptop computers .
i 've owned two of them -- one from the latitude series and another from the inspiron series .
they 've all had the same problems -- motherboard issues .
as you may or may not know , motherboards are expensive , and in my case , the motherboard went twice in each computer.my usage was light -- simply for business applications -- no gaming , no mega streaming audio or video -- just applications .
and i see in the case of this model that you 're getting 256 mb ram -- you 'll need at least 512 mb , or your computer will crawl between applications.i know laptops will run hot -- but dell laptops seem to run exceptionally hot .
so hot that i had to park mine in front of an open window in january to cool down after 30 minutes of use .
perhaps this is why the motherboards in so many of their units bite the dust.i 've been twice disappointed with dell products .
as you can tell from the ratings on the dell computers that show up here on amazon , users do n't have a very high opinion of them .
and i wo n't get started on the whole dell customer service aspect .
it 's well known that it 's abysmal at best.after the second laptop motherboard issue , i 've learned my lesson -- and it cost me quite a few dollars .
hopefully they go back to the drawing board and redesign these things .
just be wary when purchasing a dell product .

-1
i purchased this laptop a year ago and it did n't last more than 2 months .
when i got the blue screen of death and all my data disappeared , the computer guys explained that these people had installed xp in a system only meant for windows 2000 or less .
the harddrive got bad sectors on it and now i can only use a linux live cd to boot up .
i 'm still trying to get rid of this piece of crap and i recommend no one ever buy this .
( i enjoyed the two months it worked by the way . )

-1
i have it but it isnt worth the click .
i regret buying it and it is a piece of doo doo .
only 1 usb port and can not get anything else installed because the windows xp is counterfit.dont fall for it

-1
i bought an averatec computer and within 4 months it crashed .
the customer service reps are not helpful in the least bit , i believe they have n't a clue about computers .
i would not recommend this product to anyone who wants a reliable computer .

-1
my first averatec had a defect in the power system , such that the battery could not charge .
i spent $ 20 shipping it back for a replacement , and a month later got a replacement.the replacement has a dead pixel , the case smudges easily , the card reader is defective and after 1 year of use , the casing around the screen is cracked , the sound does not work at less than half volume , and the hard drive is dead .
note that the hard drive died just after the warranty expired , as is typical with companies using very cheap hardware.the laptop also runs very hot , the fans are loud , battery life is about 1.5 hours , and the wireless is sketchy .
my next laptop will not be an averatec.if you do buy an averatec , expect to use it for about a year , with hardware problems now and then .
after your warranty expires , the laptop will fall apart .

-1
already had three rmas.the first time windows would n't boot up , `` disk read error , please restart .
`` sent it in for rma.3 weeks later they sent it back.exact same problem .
they did n't fix a thing .
no documentation nothing.2nd rma and they finally fixed it.couple weeks later , the screen developed bright vertical lines across it .
bending the flimsy screen develops other lines.tech support tells me to reinstall drivers or do a system restore .
they are utterly useless .
it 's obviously a hardware problem due to the flimsy screen.sent it in for third rma .
they tell me they need to do a system restore.they send it back.i boot up.windows error message : '' windows can not start because the file comdlg32.dll can not be found .
re-installing the application may fix this problem '' .and another one : '' the system is not fully installed .
please run setup again .
`` on top of that , the cd drive can not be detected so i ca n't even boot from the cd.buy their laptop only if you want to experience hell.~~additionally , their email support is horrendously disorganized .
firstly , a different person responds to your email each time .
i 've had tech support people tell me conflicting things .
one demanded an inquisition of questions and documents regarding my purchase before issuing an rma # .
after i strongly complained , the next guy finally issued me an rma # without the inquisition .
ridiculous .

-1
i purchased this computer only a short while ago , and it 's already started to malfunction .
the power jack is not fastened down properly and the soldering eventually melts away , which makes it impossible to charge up the battery .
what 's worse , averatec offers absolutely no customer support .
nearly every other brand offers in-store repairs at big chain places like bestbuy and circuit city , but not averatec .
instead , you have to send your computer across the country with barebones ground shipping for a month , all so it can have ten minutes worth of simple repairs .
plus they erase your entire hard disk , even though the hard disk has nothing to do with the problem .
it 's absurd !
and if you call their supposed 24/7 hotline number , you 'll get a busy signal .
even the cheapest hotline numbers at least of an `` all lines busy '' recording.the low price is enticing , but it 's really not worth it .
you 're bound to have some minor problem eventually , and averatec 's support and services are absolutely worthless .
i really regret wasting my money on this junk .

-1
this laptop computer may be sleek and thin , but i have had some serious problems with it .
for one , there is a major problem with the keyboard design .
after a couple of months , the spacebar imprints onto the computer screen- a complete design default .
i bought this computer with a couple of friends for college , and the same thing happened to every friend who owned this averatec computer .
it surprises me that a major computer company ca n't even design the laptop without a major defect such as this .
the large imprint on the screen was distracting and completely inacceptable.in addition , my wireless card times out every so often .
sometimes it works and other days it will cut off the internet every 10 minutes .
it is impossible to work when the wireless card is having a bad day .
we sent the computer in to the warranty service and they `` repaired '' it .
two weeks later , the wireless card wo n't work again , which makes me question if the repair center worked on the computer at all.the most unacceptable thing to me about averatec is the willingness of the customer service to help .
the warranty service seems like they want to give you as much trouble as they can if you want your computer fixed .
they were unwilling to help or compromise , and even refused to fix some of the other problems i had with this computer and insisted that i pay them shipping and $ 40 for the trouble they spent on a problem that they determined was the `` user 's fault . ''
( they did n't solve the problem , either . )
to me , customer service is not service at all if the company has an attitude of not wanting to help at all .
if anything goes wrong with your averatec computer , do n't expect the warranty service to give you an easy time about getting it fixed .

-1
purchased in july used maybe a total of 10 times .
modem dies they replaced shipping was at my expense , also replaced something else i had not a problem with , but then again it was returned filthy , with keyboard ware , scratched , not in original box , serial # taped over looking like not my machine !
!
sent back for battery replacement , and scratch & filth and returned without replacing the battery they switched out my machine with another .
battery died after 3 times it was turned on for 5-10 min .
they will not return any e-mails .
will not acknowledge.do not buy from this company !
!
wrote to best by where i purchased 2 xs now and no responce from them either .
posted on ebay with high buy it now price to get the word out and hope they buy it back from me which they will not respond to .
going to go through my credit card co. which you can request credit on purchase not what you expected .
i 'll try anything as i 'm out 1079.95 !
!
and months of lost time and back ups .
i have photos to show changed stickers on serial # and model # code differance and tape .
also saved all coorispondance from them to have if not repaired so i 'd have a case .
i think we all need to find someone to file class action law suit !
!

-1
got the laptop on thu.turned it on friday , cpu fan failed in a few hours , called tech support , their suggestion ; return it to amazon !
packed it up friday , got return authorization and took it to the ups store on saturday.i 'm 69 and still have n't learned ; '' you get what you pay for '' ordered an hp dv1000 from hp today.gvc

-1
this notebook is fine if you just want a cheapie machine to do email , surfing and word processing .
it runs awfully hot doing basic activities so do n't buy it for multimedia.my dvd player for this machine showed an error message that i thought could be taken care of by just upgrading the cyberlink software that came packaged with it .
no such luck .
i contacted customer service and they wanted me to restore it to the original factory settings ( without my xp pro upgrade ... etc . )
and ship it to them since it was defective .
i declined -- i knew there was a risk when i purchased it .
new company and new product ... you get what you pay for .
do not count on getting great help from averatec 's customer service.i would totally recommend a hewlett packard dv series notebook as an alternative .
they are priced very reasonably and the screen quality rocks .
a little more expensive than the averatec , but with rebates/specials well worth the price .
my other notebook is an hp dv1000 and i really can rave about that one .

-1
hp has the worst customer service of any company of any kind that i have ever dealt with .
i have never called without having spent at least one hour on the phone with them before the various extensions in india , none of whom are helpful .
and once the service is complete the computer is usually returned with more problems than they were origionally sent with .
i would never buy another hp again .

-1
this laptop model crashed two times within a year .
the first was the hard disk and now the motherboard .
i have a friend bought a newer model and the battery life decreases big time with in 2 months of usage.sony does not provide me with satisfactory service , even it is covered with a guarantee .
they wont agree to do the service unless i call the support million times.nice laptop but not reliable at all and bad maintenance support ... hope sony will improve its industry , as it used to be ...

-1
i loaded 64-bit linux fedora os on this.it is too slow in booting.basically i found that it sucks in many ways.1 ) it is too heavy , and2 ) it is damn slow

-1
i own the earlier version of this product .
vgn360-p/c and the customer support has been horrible .
from the first tier tech 's that know absolutely nothing to the supervisors that just plain do n't care.the worst customer service.i will never buy another sony product again .

-1
i just got mines and i totally agree that it gets pretty hot .
i am worried that it is going to overheat and burn out like other certain laptops .
i am going to try to return mine .
any comments , please email me at candymcb @ hotmail.com

-1
i have had this s460 for about a week and plan to return it because the right side is getting too hot and i ca n't put it on my lap for too long !
it 's not the exaggeration like some people believe .
i think this heat issue is from my fujitsu 80gb sata hard disk which apparently is getting really hot as someone mentioned before .
people who do n't have the heat issue could have different brand of 80gb sata hard disk and i 'd like to know if that is the case.i also do n't like the way sony putting `` incorrect '' info on their web site for s460 .
we should get 400mhz 512mb x 1 but in fact we all get robbed and getting 333mhz 256mb x 2 !
and sony is so cheap that the recovery cd 's are not even included with their ( expensive ) notebooks !

-1
follow-up ( 2005/7/16 ) : after a month of using my sony s460 , i have to say that the heat problem is still bothering me.i saw someone mentioned that his `` s260 '' does n't have heat issue and he believes people who have s460 exaggerate too much .
before i bought my s460 i have checked many laptops available at local stores and none of them generates that much heat like s460 does .
even the sony s430 , which comes with ata 60gb hard disk , has a lot less heat on the right hand side than s460 .
i asked the sales person about my concern and he believes that the extensive heat on the right hand side of the s460 is coming from the sata 80gb hard disk .
i really doubted his comment at that time until i determined to find out why the right hand side of my s460 is getting that hot .
at first i thought it was the intel wireless card since it 's sitting at the right hand side .
it is easy to be removed so i took it out and turned on the notebook but the heat was still there .
i finally took apart my s460 and indeed the sata 80gb fujitsu mht2080bh hard disk is also sitting at right hand side above the main board and intel wireless card which is getting really hot after it is spinning for a while !
if you have different sony s notebook or with different hard disk you heat issue may be less severe than my s460 .
but if you have fujitsu 80gb sata drive you definitely will feel the heat !
i also noticed that sony has put a pdf file at their website with partially correct info ( 256mbx2 ) on the s460 memory even though they still say 512mbx1 at everywhere else .
still we 're getting 333 mhz instead of 400 mhz ddr2 ram as the spec sheet specified.i hope people who have s460 and feel the heat on the right hand side is too excessive can keep calling sony support on this heat issue and pressure them to have recall on this hot fujitsu hard disk .
after all , even sony admitted on their service bulletin : `` do not use the notebook computer on your lap for an extended period of time . ''
and `` extended contact with the computer or adapter may cause discomfort . ''
-- -i agree with `` amazon fan '' almost 100 % .
i did n't believe what he said until i bought an s460 and tested by myself .
this unit is the `` hottest '' ( temperature wise of course ) notebook i 've ever used .
as amazon fan mentioned , `` this laptop gets heated up so much that you can not hold it , the meaning of `` lap '' top loses its meaning '' !
( i guess that 's why sony call it notebook instead of laptop . )
and i do n't know how many people can withstand that kind of temperature on their right hand without wearing a glove .
even sony `` admitted '' this heat problem ( got it from sony tech support ) : ( ... ) '' do not use the notebook computer on your lap for an extended period of time . ''
and '' extended contact with the computer or adapter may cause discomfort .
`` another big issue to me is sony 's false advertising on their web site and putting inferior parts in this notebook .
the specs at their web site for all s series ( vgn-s430/s460/s470 ) on memory : memory - 512mb pc-3200 400mhz ddr2 ( 512mbx1 ) but what i found that there are two samsung 's 256mb ( 333mhz according to bluedemon ) memory modules in my s460 .
as a matter of fact i 've checked many s460 's at local retail stores and they all come with the same 256mbx2 .
this will prevent users to add more memory without throwing away some existing memory since both memory slots have been occupied .
and if you notice that sony do charge additional $ 100 for a single 400 mhz 512mb memory module than two 400 mhz 256mb memory modules when you 're customizing s480 and s380 notebooks .
this is a rip off by sony and their tech support simply replied : `` it 's a misprint !
`` now i also believe amazon fan that `` do n't bet on sony customer service , they will not accept that it is their fault '' .

-1
before you buy a sony pc you had best ask yourself the following question : '' if sony is willing to distribute malware on their cds , could they have done the same thing to the pcs that they sell ?
`` i would suggest not buying anything from sony that has the ability to harbor or distribute any malware that they might call copy protection .
from their actions with the cds it 's obvious in my opinion that sony is more interested in their content business ( i.e .
music , movies , etc . )
than they are in protecting the good name of their equipment business.there is an inherent conflict of interest here between the content part of the business , which appears to be willing to do anything at all in order to protect their content including putting spyware/malware onto their customer 's pcs without their knowledge or consent , and the equipment side of the business whose goal should be to provide the best possible piece of equipment to the customer for the money .
sony 's actions , again in my opinion , have demonstrated that the content side of the business has the upper hand , and that i believe makes it dangerous to buy any equipment from sony which could potentially be deliberately infected with the content side 's malware .

-1
saben me falta mis discos de instalacion de mi computadora nesesito el sistema operativoporque esta infectada de virus y nesesito formatearlaporfavor espero su respuestaatte : enrique

-1
i ordered this sony vaio vgn-fs660 on-line .
i received a different model , instead i received a vgn-fs875p .
i was trying to replace a laptop .
i am just glad that all of my accessories still fit this model , but it is heavier , with different memory , speed , weight , etc .
i was disappointed that i was not notified if the company was out of stock , or if this was just shody company policy .
they must have assumed that this was an upgrade .
i want the choice , not to have the choice made for me .
poor , very poor .

-1
i did n't buy this laptop , but did buy a vaio laptop 2 years ago and have to say that their quality just is n't worth what you 're paying for .
i spent $ 3000 on my laptop and now have to spend another $ 500 to get it fixed after only 2 years .
the only authorized sony service center is over 100 miles away from me and i live in los angeles !
and if it 's that far from where you live you have spend money to ship it to them to get it fixed and their service prices are so expensive , you 're better off buying a new laptop from someone else .
so be very wary of buying a sony laptop .
i 've found it 's really not worth it .
i believe it 's just the name you 're paying for , nothing else .
i think it 's better to buy a $ 1000 laptop and then dump it if it has any real problems , which will probably save you money than to spend top dollar on a sony and have to spend top dollar on repairs.i 'm a disgusted ex-customer of sony .

-1
my laptop has completely broken down twice in the 1.5 years since purchase ( $ 2100 new !
!
!
! )
motherboard and hard disk replaced 6 months ago , and now motherboard needs to be replaced again .
stay away from these garbage-tops .
there is already a class-action lawsuit against sony vaio laptops filed in california , and will be one filed in new york soon .

-1
this is the worst computer i have ever owned .
after a week of use the hd crashed on me , and i constantly get memory dump blue screen of death errors .
upon reboot i receive os can not be found .
save your money and the hassle , dont buy a sony !
i dont know why i gave up my thinkpad for this piece of garbage !

-1
nice looking machine , but obviously nobody even looked to see if it worked before sending it to me .
# 1 - it would not boot up in xp , just froze at every attempt .
# 2 - the battery would not charge , as clearly shown by the indicator light .
i was able to fix the boot-up by going to safe mode and running defrag and scandisk .
the battery problem was not fixable - it is simply defective .
despite all the trouble , i 'd still like to keep the machine , but there is no option to replace the battery only .
there 's no & # 34 ; contact seller & # 34 ; button available for this transaction and all i am left to do is return it .
whole effort - waste of time .
i hate wastes of time !

-1
this device was a let down due to the problems in upgrading the hard drive .
do to buy this type in the future .

-1
only last 3 months , but not surprise since it was an old computer , hard disk needs to replace it + technical fees , i will just buy a new one

-1
i did not have any good affection for this item because since i received it i did not use it , it was full of virus and low memory , i requested a return label from the seller for replacement they replied me that they 're sorry they can not send me a replacement because the laptop was fixed and setup good before they ship it to me .
i am not very happy because it is like i trashed my money away , how can i buy something that i did not use and for the seller to replace to me and keep a customer they said no , i did not ask for a refound but it is ok , i will dump the laptop and god will be in charge .
thanks

-1
i just got this laptop back from the repair shop .
thank god i bought the warranty because the system board and the dvd drive needed replacement .
it no longer overheats , but the dvd drive still does not open .
the screen is beautiful and the machine is fast .
the headaches regarding this laptop are more than you 'd like .
do yourself a favor and shop around .
i thought toshiba was top of the line .
i still think highly of toshiba , just not this model .
good luck !

-1
i purchased my new gateway laptop and since i had not heard anything bad about the company , expected to have a satisfactory product .
my main complaint is the exceptionally slow time it takes to install a program .
the install goes along at a reasonable time frame copying the program to my hard drive from cd .
but at the final install step which it states will take two minutes , instead goes on and on for hours .
that was my spyware program .
a few days later , i tried to install programs which came with the computer and again , two hours later when i tried to stop the install , a message came up that 'program xxx is still installing , do you want to quit ? '
i responded 'no ' and the install contined for another two hours .
i finally stopped it and have not bothered to install any other programs .
my advice ?
do not buy a gateway .

-1
already had three rmas.the first happened about 2 months after purchase .
windows would n't boot up , `` disk read error , please restart .
`` sent it in for rma.3 weeks later they sent it back.exact same problem .
they did n't fix a thing .
no documentation nothing.complained a lot .
2nd rma and they finally fixed it.couple weeks later , the screen developed bright vertical lines across it .
bending the flimsy screen develops other lines.tech support tells me to reinstall drivers or do a system restore .
they are utterly useless .
it 's obviously a hardware problem due to the flimsy screen.sent it in for third rma .
they tell me they need to do a system restore.they send it back.i boot up.windows error message : '' windows can not start because the file comdlg32.dll can not be found .
re-installing the application may fix this problem '' .and another one : '' the system is not fully installed .
please run setup again .
`` on top of that , the cd drive can not be detected so i ca n't even boot from the cd.buy their laptop only if you want to experience hell.~~additionally , their email support is horrendously disorganized .
firstly , a different person responds to your email each time .
i 've had tech support people tell me conflicting things .
after i was issued my 3rd rma , i emailed again to warn them of another issue that developed .
in the email back , `` paul '' here renounced my rma and issued an inquisition of questions reguarding my purchase .
ridiculous .

-1
hi , i am writing about 17 '' screens in general for toshiba .
i have had bad experience with hinges becoming loose on one and breaking on another .
i think the problem is that the hinges are not strong enough to hold the massive screen .
it would be worth your while to compare how the screen in held in various brands ( both 15 and 17 in . )
you will be able to see the difference for yourself .
customer service is definitely lousy .
they will never call you back ( called them 3-4 times ans asked to call back ) .toshiba might be a great laptop , but we have not reached the age of `` defect-less '' manufacturing , and we will need customer service and replacements .
given this , lousy customer support is a drawback .

-1
purchased this item 06/13/2010 .
it did not last thirty days .
an attempt to have the hard drive replaced under warranty , met with on hold and cut off .
a piece of crap .
this unit was for a mentally challenged lady who now does not have the availability of a computer .
last time i will order an item such as this .

-1
i use a variety of notebooks .
the ibook i owned had a very flimsy lcd screen .
you can see this if you press on the case on the other side of the screen : the slightest pressure immediately distorts the screen .
i do n't see this effect on the lenovo or dell notebooks i use.not surprisingly , the ibook screen was damaged ( hairline `` cracks '' in the lcd screen ) in less than 6 months .
i do n't know how this came about but i know the case was intact so i did n't drop the machine or drop anything heavy on the case.i purchased the macintosh with a three year `` applecare '' warranty ( at a very steep cost ) .
despite this , all apple would offer me as a repair option was to replace the screen for $ 800 .
the new ibook was about $ 900.so , caveat emptor .
the recent wall street journal article on fragile ipod screens prompted me to write this .
seems that apple continues to prefer style over substance .

-1
the price on their `` new '' iboook g4 is outrageously expensive .
it 's about 400 more than they went for new , back in 2005 ( 4 years ago ) .

-1
the computer that was given to me did not work from the beginning .
it did not receive power .
i sent it into the company and it has now been a month since i first sent it off .
i am not pleased that i was not able to receive a replacement especially when i need a computer because i am in college .

-1
i bought this notebook and it is completely broke .
it went 4 times to the repair center indicaed by toshiba and they were not able to fix the problem ( it is under warranty ) .
since april , i have a total useless notebook .
problem : computer shuts dow , a blue screen appears saying that a problem occurred and windows was shut down to prevent damages .
do a google search and you will see that several toshiba computers have this problem .
do n't buy it , you will have problems as i had and toshiba will keep suggesting that you bring notebook to a repair center until warranty expires ... .

-1
i have the last model , the mx35 and in the first year it had 3 motherboards replaced and various other issues that sent it to the shop over 8 times .
this included random shutdowns .
since it has been just over 14 months since i purchased the computer , it is no longer under the 1 year warranty through toshiba and now it is having an operating system failure which circuit city will not fix even though i have the two year extended warranty .
i 've spoken with toshiba multiple times and think i must have a lemon but they will not help .
right now i have a $ 1200 bookend .
i will buy another laptop but it will not be a toshiba .
as a testament to the failure rate of the laptops , the toshiba worker that i spoke to today let me know that there is a class action lawsuit about the computers and that a settlement will be reached soon .

-1
i had my satellite two years before it died completely , but it had problems from the beginning .
it would overheat and randomly shut off .
i brought it to best buy , where i had bought it , and they said they could n't do anything .
i later found out through an online forum ( i do n't remember the website , sorry ) , that some satellites have had manufacturer 's defects , causing them to overheat .
i read reviews from many , many people who had the same problems !
but toshiba has n't done anything to correct their problem .
and when you do contact their customer service , they are unhelpful and unwilling to take responsibility .

-1
i bought this laptop for my husband less than ayear ago .
he carries it back and forth to work ina rigid case .
a few months ago , the lcd screen began to fail , with a line of dark blue runningacross the screen diagonally.it has spread to wherethe screen is unusable .
toshiba refuses to replacethis piece of hardware , despite it still beingunder warranty , because it is `` damaged .
`` is n't the point of having a laptop to be able tocarry it with you ?
how can general use of thescreen be damaging to a computer ?
clearly , the coverto this unit , while very thin and attractive , isway too flexible to support the screen properlywhen opening and closing it .
less than a year old , and toshiba wo n't replace it.i spent a total of 2 hours trying to speak with a customer support person , and when i finally got one on the phone , she was the rudest person i 've ever dealt with.toshiba flat out refuses to honor their warranty .
do n't buy from them .

-1
where oh where to start ?
i 'll list the good things first , because honestly , the list is shorter.-the screen quality is great-a number of useful programs come factory installedand , that 's about it .
now , for the bad : -the motherboard crashed irrepairably and needed to be replaced after just over a year.-the memory installed was neither enough , nor was long lasting , as it also had to be replaced.-several keys on the keyboard ( including backspace , all arrow keys and the shift keys ) have broken just beyond the time of the one year warranty.-the left mouse key also has broken-the speakers fade in and out at will and crackle upon changing the volume .
if you turn it up one speaker will kill completely.-the system shuts down/freezes at random intervals-over time , the battery life will continue to shorten .
after one year , disconnecting the battery charger ( which also had to be replaced ! )
will give you a battery life of about 3 minutes.shall i go on ?
there are more replaced parts on my comupter than factory ones !
!
both a sibling and myself got the same computer and experienced numerous serious problems .
never before have i had so much trouble with a computer !
i suggest you run away and never look back .
i personally spent more fixing this computer than i did on purchasing it.i wish i could give it negative stars !
!

-1
worked for about the first 15 minutes , then started having fatal errors ( aka `` the blue screen of death '' ) every time i ran more than one application at the same time .
could 've spent time troubleshooting , but a computer should perform better than this straight out of the box .
if i had known it was really a compaq in hp clothes i would have never bought it ( you do n't find this out until you turn it on and look around - i guess that explains the low price ) .
the only bright spot is the fact that i got a full refund including the cost of shipping it back to amazon .

-1
i bought the lance armstrong special edition in september 2005 .
couple of months ago , my husband noticed a crack on the outside of the computer , right behind of one of the hinges and immediately called the customer service .
india picked up the phone and it took 45 minutes maybe more for them to understand what our problem was with the computer .
although we have a year warranty , this was for some reason not covered .
we were upset so they said a technical support person will call and talk to us , which they did but my husband was not home so the tech.support guy left a phone number that is 24/7 busy .
we called them again , this time very frustrated and they told us again they were gon na call and that was 3 months ago .
so , be careful .
we wasted our money !
!
n.anderson

-1
update : hp contacted me and advised that the poor screen quality was due to a manufacturing fault from a particular supplier , and are hence not charging me the restocking fee.beware of the really poor screen quality on the nx6125 and nx8220 ( and possibly other hp nx family notebooks , although the nx6120 i saw looked marginally better ) .i purchased the hp nx6125 , turion ml-40 , 2.2 ghz model based on specs , and after handling a non-powered-up demo model in the shop.upon setting the nx6125 up at home , i was aghast at the fuzzy lcd screen of the nx6125 .
in comparison to the screen of my older omnibook 6000 and current dell lcd desktop screens , the screen of the nx6125 and nx8200 have a gravelly , textured , cloudy , speckled appearance .
the items in the windows start menu look fuzzy and washed out.this is most noticeable if you look at a clear white area of the screen , such as a blank wordprocessor page .
i am a writer , and the poor screen quality really shows through when you look at a pure white screen , such as a blank page on ms word .
the nx6125 screen almost has a two-layer effect , where the words which you type are on one plane , while the speckled appearance seems to lie in a plane behind .
this drove me nuts , because , as i was concentrating on my writing , i was constantly distracted by the texture behind the words i was typing .
this should not be .
ideally , the screen should appear as if it were a white sheet of paper -- as it does on my omnibook , dell lcd and host of other lcd screens i saw in the shop.i started getting eyestrain after a short while of writing using this screen.i thought i was being overly-picky , but i went to another computer shop , and overheard the salesman tell another customer that he had a problem of conscience recommending the new range of hp notebooks because the screens were so fuzzy .
that comment was made before i spoke to that salesman , so that is two independent views.i figured that the $ 300 re-stocking fee that hp is charging me for returning this unit , was better than wrecking my eyes by starring at this screen for many hours a day , for perhaps 3-4 years.buyers , beware , because you may not notice this effect of the nx6125 and nx8220 unless you make a side-by-side comparisson of the screen .
it may not be evident in a very bright sunny room.i 'm now getting an ibm .

-1
i 've had this laptop for a little over a year and i wish i had saved my $ 1500 .
i 've never written a review on amazon , but after it finally croaked completely i felt obligated to.when i first received this computer , it did n't work .
i had to contact hp to order recovery disks .
after running the disks the computer did run.about a month ago , the screen would begin to go black and freeze periodically .
again , this laptop is a little over a year old .
the screen issue began to be more frequent .
i took it to an hp service provider .
he told me the hard drive may need to be replaced ( $ 200 parts & labor ) or the mother-board would need to be replaced ( approx $ 800 parts & labor ) .
i went the cheaper route and guess what - it did n't fix the issue .
so , since i am not forking over another $ 800 , the laptop is junked.extremely disappointing

-1
you 'll notice the first of many problems with this computer when you turn it on , as might be expected .
the noise output of the fan is on par with a 747 at about 1/4 throttle .
i bought this thing for school and used it once in a 90 person lecture hall for about 3 minutes .
everyone in the entire room could hear it .
you would think that a fan that loud would keep this beast cool .
nope .
if you try to run more than one program at a time , particularly anything with non-static graphics , this mother will shut off due to overheating .
i will say this for it though , it continues to run after 5 years .
that may be just to spite me though .

-1
i do n't own this specific model , however i did purchase the gateway ds 450xl .
my laptop worked well for a year and then the nightmare began .
the harddrive and screen went bad .
i did n't worry because i had purchased the 3 year warranty .
after exhanging numerous calls and shipping my laptop back to gateway .
the lapto was returned .
it worked well for 2 weeks .
i called gateway again we spent 45 min .
attempting the fix the problem .
this was unsuccessful .
they wanted me to pay another $ 40 to send the computer back to them .
the service is unsatisfactory and the computer had never worked properly since the first year .
owning a gateway product is a nightmare and trying to keep their produts running well is a full time job .
i will never purchase another gateway product .
i would n't even accept one as a gift .

-1
my piece of advice for anyone interested in hp laptops : steer away from these pieces of garbage.i bought a pavilion zv6028ea in july 2005 .
as i received the brand new computer , the network card was dead .
i needed the computer urgently for work while traveling so i had to suffer from not being able to connect to the network for the first 5 months .
then the screen just died suddenly and i had to send the computer to be repaired.the email customer service was very fast and firendly .
they did a good job.and it only took 2 days for me to get the computer back .
so relatively happy at this point , i did n't get too annoyed by the fact that the thing came back with swedish os ( i do n't speak swedish , have never lived in sweden , i live in france and the laptop was repaired in the uk ! )
so i had to re-install my old os with a dictionary at hand , download all missing updates , re-install every single piece of software etc .
loads of work..until i later realised something quite devastating as i was inserting my xd-memory card into the 6in1 media card reader that i had grown to love : the card just slipped into the computer-not into a card reader but fell into the laptop completely !
i had a closer look and realised that there was no media card reader anymore on the laptop .
then i took a closer look to find out that also the expresscard slot and firewire connections were missing !
there were only holes in the place of those .
i could see what 's inside the laptop from the spots where there should be expresscard slot and firewire connection.i find this completely unbelievable .
once again i have to make back ups , send the thing back for repair , afterwards spend many long evenings re-installing everything , downloading updates , organising my stuff , putting back the days of music i had on my itunes etc ... what a nightmare.i like the computer , but its not reliable and the service is beyond anything accpetable .
simply unbelievable.if you still not convinced and end up buying an hp , at least get an extended warranty for heaven 's sake .

-1
i purchased this notebook in december 2005 because of good reviews .
i also purchased the extended warranty , but it has n't helped much .
like others have noted , the power cord would no longer make good contact for powering up the unit after a year .
it runs very hot and the fan is going all the time .
keys have stopped working and there have been software glitches .
when you contact hewlett-packard tech support , be prepared for a 3-hour non-communication session with individuals in india .
these sessions involve the same 30 questions , none of which are related to the problem , 20-minute pauses , and non-helpful suggestions .
using their web-based support is n't much better .
and we are still waiting for our notebook to be returned to us from its last repair after 4 weeks !
we have left messages begging for help from customer support people , but they never have returned our calls .
i would strongly advise against purchasing this particular notebook because it is very trouble-prone and i would further suggest avoiding all hp products because their customer service is the worst of any company i have ever dealt with .

-1
i am only writing this review because anyone who buys this particular laptop do so at your own peril.i bought this laptop in 2005.after a few months it ran so hot it melted my dsl connector .
the plastic shriveled up around whatever was inside .
i called tech service and they suggested it was somehow my dsl jack .
however my power connector was hot enough that it would burn you if you touched it .
i called again alerting tech service i considered it a fire hazard ... another oh well .
the laptop itself was setting on a cooling pad otherwise it could not sit on your lap.just after a year i started getting vertical lines on my screen .
one at a time .
i called again .
now the warranty was up and another oh well .
then i started a search only to find out this was a fairly common problem .
the solution offered by hp service was you could buy another monitor $ 200.00 but oh gosh since the problem apparently was the heating up problem those also went belly up because the real issue was not admitted to or ever resolved by hp .
people with the problem determined it was the heat melting the chips loose on the video card which caused either the vertical or horizontal lines on the monitor.had i not had the screen issue the computer itself was kick ass and i loved it.that was the last hp product i purchased because the service was so lousy .
that computer when new cost me close to $ 2200.i bought nothing but hp before that .
to bad their loss .
dell is now my product of choice.today i am connecting that laptop up to make my hdtv internet connected .
hooked to a 46 '' hdtv that now will be a dvr back up as well allow me to watch internet programing on my tv.nice to find something i can help recover the cost of a lousy hp product : )

-1
i bought the zd8230 in december 2005 .
by august 2006 the power cord would no longer stay in the back of the computer as it is the least deep of any cord i 've ever had on a series of laptops over the years .
( other reviewers on amazon have noted that the hp power cords can be a problem . )
the battery life was down to 20 minutes and the laptop was red hot and could n't be held on your lap .
as a result , the fan was constantly running at top speed .
we sent it in for warranty repair in august 2006 and it was returned like new , with a new battery and power cord.now , in march 2007 , the power cord is falling out , battery life is very short and the computer gets very hot , causing the fan to run on high.hp will not repair the computer under warranty in the 15th month , even though they repaired the same problem six months ago.i have another hp laptop ( dv5000 ) which had a serious conflict with an hp all in one .
i spent hours on the phone with unknowledgable people .
i reinstalled xp and other software twice .
the foreign customer service people could not figure the problem out so it remained unresolved until i figured out that it was the all in one software .
again , i spent hours on the phone until i was escalated to one of a handful of engineers in idaho who told me mine was one of seven or so hp laptops in the world to have the conflict .
it took them a few weeks to provide the fix.next , the docking station i bought for the dv5000 stopped working .
i kept putting off the call to hp because of the hours i had already wasted them .
foolishly on my part , i forgot to call them until the 55th week of ownership and , of course , the front line support people will only offer to sell me a new docking station.you have to understand that hp has moved its technical support overseas and the frontline people are not knowledgable .
typically , they will offer you three simple steps ( which you will already have done before you called ) .
once those do n't work , they put you on hold to speak to a higher level representative .
this could go on for a half hour ( try something , put you on hold , try something else ) until they move you up to the next level or tell you to reload xp .
it 's so painful and predictable its comical .
they have no clue.my business partner ( thanks to me ) bought an hp laptop , i do n't know the model , and bought additional memory through hp .
his laptop does n't recognize the new memory .
hmm .
i wonder how long it will take him to get the problem fixed.i wrote a letter to hp complaining .
they did not respond .
i have given them a negative response to two internet surveys that followed up my support experience .
they did not respond.my brother in law bought a dell computer .
he raves about their service .
he has had technical problems resolved quickly .
i bought an ibm laptop ( now lenovo ) in 1999 .
it still works just fine , but could n't handle xp , which is why i bought the hp.i reccomend you not buy hp laptops .

-1
i spent over $ 300 in repairs to try to fix the power problems .
it still does not work or charge properly .
i went to several forums online for help , and apparently this is a common problem with this model .
i do not recommend this laptop at all .
it also weighs 15lbs , so not recommended if you have to carry it around a lot .

-1
selling this old piece of junk for 500 bucks in unfair .
this pc would sell for 200 $ or less on ebay ( only if anyone needs an antique ) .i dont understand the list price of 2200 as well !
!
!
!
.

-1
i agree with everyone else .
this is a worthless out of date , used , remanufactured , antique piece of garbage .
and amazon should be ashamed of themselves for even puting the buy now words next to it .
my dell laptop cost me around 500 and its brand new , has way more to offer then that.amazon obviously thinks people are willing to pay that price for it and they obviously want you to pay that price because after all ... their advertizing it for that price ... .so they must be really crazy about trying to sell the trash because very obviously ... .trying to sell this item makes amazon look very bad .
this is a horrible antique , used item ... that everybody with at least half a brain in here agrees with the fact that it is not worth what amazon is asking !

-1
amazon lists this as 75 % off the list price .
what is this list price ?
.
probably 10 years back ?
.
now you can get a new piv based one by paying little more ( or a celeron for this price ) with better configuration .

-1
our school purchased 10 acer laptops for teachers .
all but one of the laptops were falling apart by the end of 1 year .
problems included multiple laptops with broken hinges , dvd tray no longer worked , cracked lid , cracked bezel , strip of pixels in lcd displayed incorrect color , two with dead harddrives , and 2 with usb port/motherboard dead ... and the list goes on !
the laptops were not treated badly , and this all happened under normal working conditions.acer 's warranty department is horrible !
one laptop with a dead harddrive was sent back just inside warranty , two months later , outside the warranty , we called to see what was taking so long on the repair and they said it was no longer covered by warranty .
well duh !
!
it was in your shop for two months !
!
the laptop with the hinge and dvd drive issue was sent back inside warranty , this laptop never left the school office , acer refused to repair as they said it was caused by user abuse .
strange ... the laptop the user had prior , and was made by a different company , was used for so many years it still had windows 2000 and it never fell apart by user abuse.steer clear of acer - bottom line ... cheap parts , cheap product , cheap warranty department .

-1
bought the 1020 in a jiffy a couple of months ago - specs and pricing looked awesome , almost too good to be true.however , it was - too good to be true.the laptop is quite quirky and loaded with issues - my biggest problem is the lack of a recovery cd with the laptop .
you end up having to use phoenix recovery software ( trial version included -- so , prepare to shell out more money $ $ $ to be forced to upgrade if you ever want to recover your system ) .. the phoenix software is quite buggy , and requires you to be technically savvy ( which i am ; but , good luck .. all of you out there ) other problems with the laptop ( i tried 2 new ones ) included intermittent hard disk failure , which is further compounded by a poor bios that fails to manage 60gb harddisks .
not to mention the poor sensitivity of the touchpad , and , the horriblly designed ports ( network ports covered by flimsy cover ) ... the one thing that works for the laptop is it 's looks .. wow .. the laptop looks cool .. and , really nice .
so , as long as it 's a showpiece and all you want to do is wave the laptop around in public - buy it.. but , if you want a computer -- go elsewhere -- choose another brand !
!
look at the toshiba u205 instead - which is what i ended up buying..

-1
it did n't meet my expectations..it has gave me nothing but trouble since i received it in the mail .
it has n't picked up any wi-fi !
!
!

-1
i 've been a loyal apple user for about 15 years now .
everything about apple has always been cutting edge and way ahead of its time .
gui , the imac , the ipod .
as things like the imac and ibook and ipod and anything else with `` i '' preceeding it has brought the mac more and more mainstream , their quality has begun to slip .
ipods delievered doa , g5 's with cracked cases .
but apple has always made good on these problems .
now however , they have commited a horrible offense with this new powerbook.apple claims these new powerbooks have higher resolution screens .
and this is true , the screens resolutions are higher .
however , the 15 '' powerbook has a major screen problem .
if you go into an apple store and look at all 3 laptops in the powerbook family , you 'll notice the 12 '' and 17 '' books have gorgeous displays .
however , the 15 '' screen has lines running across it .
the lines are very small and are very visible on apple 's default blue background .
look for yourself and you will see .
especially next to a 17 '' or 12 '' .
however , this is not the greatest offense.many who have bought the new 15 '' powerbook have sent them back to apple for repair or replacement only to be told their laptops are `` within spec . ''
apple is ignoring the problem .
some people say they do n't mind the lines .
and that 's fine for those people .
but would you want to drop $ 2,000 on a top of the line laptop , only to get a screen you would normally see on a $ 700 laptop ?
when you buy an apple , you expect the best .
now , they are delivering a substandard product and still charging top of the line prices .
and it gets better.some who have bought these new units have found responses to the problem quite comical .
in apple stores they have been told such things as : '' what , it 's a beautiful display .
i do n't know what you 're talking about .
`` `` it 's within spec . ''
a personal favorite of mine .
but the best is : '' it 's a new battery saving feature . ''
to which people respond , '' how do i turn it off ? ''
`` you ca n't . ''
`` well if it saves battery , why is n't it a feature on the new 17 '' or 12 '' . ''
to which the so-called mac geniuses at the stores have no response.i would never buy this product .
not only that , but even if you have no plans on getting one , but are a loyal mac user , you should let apple know by calling them .
the more they hear from users , the more they will consider fixing the problem .
even if you have one , see the lines , but accept dealing with them , just call apple to let them know of the problem .

-1
bottom line : do n't buy this iteration of the powerbook - ( ... ) .
on paper the specs are great .
but , as several posters have said there are two huge problems with this powerbook which apple refuses to acknowledge let alone fix !
first , there are profound issues with the audio .
the audio skips and stutters randomly .
i know i 'm not the only one experiencing this difficulty .
apple has issued a knowledgebase document on this issue [ ... ] but the solution - if one can call it that - does n't work and essentially implies this machine is seriously crippled in its ability to multitask .
when i 've called applecare they either deny the existence of the problem or have no solution.second , there are profound issues with the screen .
apparently , there is horizontal banding of every second or third pixel row over the entire screen .
each pixel row is darker or lighter than it 's neighboring pixel rows .
this is a well documented seemingly ubiquitous issue over the entire line of new 15 '' powerbooks and again a problem that apple does not acknowledge.it appears some people have sent the computer in to applecare for repair for this issue and it was returned without any repair done the technicians claiming that the problem is `` within spec '' meaning that the screen is within the model specifications and that it is not a problem or they are shipped a replacement which exhibits the same problem.if you still feel like gambling on one the good news is amazon has a great return policy so if you have one or both of these problems amazon will take it back .

-1
do not buy this laptop if you have any intention of watching dvds , playing music , or playing any sort of presentation that has audio .
all new 15 '' and 17 '' powerbooks are exhibiting an intermittent audio looping problem .
apple support says they know nothing of the issue , yet apple has released a technical support note ( [ ... ] ) that offers this solution : `` to avoid this [ audio problem ] , run only one audio application at a time '' .i have the problem with itunes , mail , ichat , dvdplayer , and finder .
all of these applications output audio.a detailed thread on the problem can be found here : [ ... ] additionally , i have had faulty batteries and a sticky trackpad button .
the quality is just not there.until apple offers a fix for the audio issue , i strongly suggest not buying this product .

-1
my new ( dec. 05 ) p'book 17 '' - fully loaded - is in for it 's third repair.i am now getting my 3rd replacement logic board , 3rd replacement hard drive , and 2nd replacement display .
in the 2 months i have owned this i have gotten 13 days use of it .
apple keeps replacing components but either their components are all dodgy , or there is an underlying problem ( e.g .
power supply ) that they are incapable of looking for and/or diagnosing.4 hard drives , 4 logic boards and 3 displays on a brand new machine ?
the apple warranty states that refurbished parts may be used ; but seeing as the technicians are not even fully documenting all that they do , i have no way of knowing if i am having bad parts put in .
when i asked for apple ot simply replace the machine , one particularly-condescending tech support person told me that it has not had enough 'downtime ' yet ; but one more catastrophic failure would be enough and they would replace it.from apple 's customer-help site , i am not the only one with this ongoing problem.do n't get me wrong - i am a complete machead , no way i will switch to a windows machine yet ( though i am currently using my antiquated 2002-vintage powerbook-g4 , oh the screen resolution sucks by comparison to the new 17 '' ) .
given my track record with previous powerbooks and desktops i am simply not happy with the possibility that i can work away on my laptop and lose the day 's work when everything dies with no warning .
apple tech support helpfully suggested i backup my data daily .
( given that i have never had any failure of any other mac , ever , this is simply unacceptable ) .
i can not trust this machine .
( on the bright side , i only get a days worth of use out of it before it dies again ... is that a good thing ? )
be warned .

-1
i 've seriously regretted not ponying up the extra cash for an ibm or apple .
i was sold on the great screen , but have had problems ever since.a warranty is getting me a new hard drive , and the customer service person i spoke to said that sony has had major issues with faulty hard drives.the sony software that they load on top of the operating system slows it down and cuts your space .
it also conflicts with microsoft updates .
this caused problems with my audio and other drivers .
sadly , standard warranties do not cover the operating system ( they consider that software ) , and getting these problems fixed has been a headache and an unwelcome bill.speaking of audio , the speakers are so low that you ca n't use this computer to play music or a dvd , unless you 're right up at the screen or have the headphones in .

-1
this was a great machine until it died on us .
we owned ours only one and half years when the system board ( motherboard ) died .
come to think of it , the internal wireless card stopped working after only one year .
and to make matters worse , our only option was to send it to san diego for repairs ( per sony ) .
it was n't worth it for us .
get the extended warranty .

-1
if you are considering a vaio laptop , please take heed of the negative reviews on here and consider another brand .
just two months ago , the touchpad on my fiancee 's vaio randomly stopped working one night .
since we typically use a mouse , we deactivated the pad and went about our business .
about 2 weeks ago , her laptop started getting into the habit of taking 1 1/2-2 hours to boot up , and now will not boot up whatsoever .
luckily , she bought the extended warranty , so hopefully the service wo n't be as bad as what others have experienced.my parents have also had tremendous trouble with their vaio laptop .
about 6 months ago , the motherboard crashed ... conveniently 1 month after the 1-year warranty expired .
sony refused to help at all and made them pay for a recovery disk , since they said that my parents should 've executed the `` back up and restore '' function when they started their laptop up the very first day .
after being out of commission for over a month , they got it back and it seemed to be running fine until last week when the harddrive crashed on them .
their friend and her sister , both who have vaio laptops , also had similar problems with their computers.sony has obviously taken the eye of the ball when it comes to quality control the past couple of years , and should be ashamed of the product they are putting out .

-1
this was my first laptop and vow to never buy another sony vaio again .
like most others i had problems from early up .
the clock stopped keeping the correct time & date and i would always have to reset it each time i turn on , the magically corrcted itself after about 4 months .
the `` j '' refusesed to work after a while now it just sticks whenever it feels like till i hit backspace or esc to stop it .
finally it decides to shut down and give a dull orange screen .
i'v learnt my lesson ... it 's good to have places like amazon to read reviews on products ( sorry i did n't read about this one before ) .

-1
do n't buy this computer !
stay away !
i got this computer as a christmas gift and i loved it .
it was slick , fast , nice looking and totally portable at 4 lbs .
it worked great for two weeks .
it flashed me the blue screen of death in the middle of typing an email and then shut down .
on restart as windows was loading it flashed the death screen again and officially died - nothing could be done to revive it .
luckily i was still within the christmas return policy and the store swapped it for another one in the store ... ... ... .that did n't charge because of a bad power cord ( broken right out of the box ) .
their customer service is not helpful .
i am sure it works well , if you can find a model that works but after two failed attempts , i switched for a hp pavilion notebook pc ( dv1420us ) and hope that one works out .
i have n't gotten it out of the box yet .

-1
already had three rmas.the first time windows would n't boot up , `` disk read error , please restart .
`` sent it in for rma.2 weeks later they sent it back.exact same problem .
they did n't fix a thing .
no documentation nothing.2nd rma and they finally fixed it.couple weeks later.on my third rma , the screen developed bright vertical lines across it .
bending the flimsy screen develops other lines.tech support tells me to reinstall drivers or do a system restore .
they are utterly useless .
it 's obviously a hardware problem due to the flimsy screen.sent it in for rma .
they tell me they need to do a system restore.they send it back.i boot up.windows error message : '' windows can not start because the file comdlg32.dll can not be found .
re-installing the application may fix this problem '' .and another one : '' the system is not fully installed .
please run setup again .
`` on top of that , the cd drive can not be detected so i ca n't even boot from the cd.buy their laptop only if you want to experience hell.~~additionally , their email support is horrendously disorganized .
firstly , a different person responds to your email each time .
i 've had tech support people tell me conflicting things .
one demanded an inquisition of questions regarding my purchase before issuing an rma # .
after i strongly complained , the next guy finally issued me an rma # without the inquisition .
ridiculous .

-1
i have had the laptop for 3 years now .
fan makes a lot of noise all the time .
tone changes constantly and is very hard to ignore .
there is a lot of information on this problem online .
secondly have had problems with dvd drive , costumer service is ok , but i bought a dell and its much better .
try a dell and forget the ibm/lenovo .

-1
i received this computer on 12/21/05 .
the wireless never worked properly , and cd player had trouble reading music disks .
over the last 2 months i have spent over 20 hours on the phone with the hp help desk trying to get the wireless to work .
i have received a replacement wireless card and eventually received aproval to return the notebook for repair .
the had it for 2 weeks and finally sent it back with out doing anything , and i still have the same problem , it is no different .
today i requested a refund from the service desk for returning the computer because i 'm sick of wasting time on it without any progress .
the told me a case manager would call me back monday which i doubt because 5 other times i was told that i would receive a call back and never did .
the help desk seems to be staffed by people who use english as a second language and do not appear to be very knowledgable , and hard to understand most of the time .
i would never buy an hp pavilion , even though the computer seems like it would be a nice one , what good is it if i ca n't get on the internet ?

-1
i purchased this laptop on january 6th 2006 and was told it would ship within one -two business days ... ... .here we are on the 23rd of january and it still has n't shipped .
but , it gets better .
not only have i waited this long for it to ship , but i am being told that i can not cancel this order either since its `` so far along in the shipping status '' ... ... ... ... dont buy it

-1
i purchased this laptop in march 2007 .
in less than two weeks time it crashed .
after many hours on the phone with tech people in another part of the world , who were unable to fix it , hp told me to send it back to them , which i did .
it was restored to factory , i lost everything , and started again .
approximately 3 weeks ago it crashed again .
i spent more than 10 hours on the phone with hp tech people in another part of the world , who were unable to fix it .
again they told me to send it back .
i stated that at this point i could never trust it again , and i wanted either a new laptop , or my money back .
they will not give me an answer beyond that they do not replace the laptop after the first 15 days .
i can pretty much guess this laptop will never make it past the warranty , and i 'll keep losing everything , at this point .
i keep writing e-mails , and calling , and they keep promising someone will call me within 24 hours .
no-one does .
not only am i asking ( i think reasonably so ) for my money back or a new laptop-but also that the warrant time be tolled , since i am completely without a working laptop .
they keep playing these games .
i even contacted us national headquarters in palo alto california by fax and phone .
this customer service man from that office acknowledged to me that he has a mac at home ( which is my primary computer-but not one i can use for work training purposes ) .
he told me there was nothing he could do , but that those who could provide an answer would contact me within 24 hours .
of course , again , that was another lie .
i would never ever buy this product or any other hp laptop .
they clearly are unethical and could care less about their customers .
i do n't want anyone else to be hurt .

-1
mine had a problem with jerky video within the first several weeks and it never was fully resolved .
an okay machine for doing work .
but unsuitable for applications that demand video performance .
last of all , amd really fell behind in the chip wars here and the battery does n't last very long .

-1
we bought this computer in august , and shortly after that it started acting up .
we reinstalled all software , and re formatted the hard drive in an attempt to fix it , but it did n't help .
eventually we were told by toshiba to take it to an authorized service repair shop .
they changed the motherboard , system board , dvd combo drive , & battery .
after we received the laptop back , the screen would go dark and dvd combo drive still does n't work correctly .
now the laptop has been at the repair shop for 3 months and they are waiting for a small cable to fix the screen , which toshiba has on back order indefinitely , and they refuse to find a resolution for my problem .
i have talked to toshiba customer relations over 20 times , and they will not help me .
today one of the cutomer relations agents , alisha , hung up on me .
toshiba just tells me to wait for the part to come in , whenever that might be , even if it take 6 or 10 months .
they refuse to replace my obviously defected laptop with a new one .
please , please , please , do not buy a toshiba product , they are horrible .
do a simple search on-line and you will find thousands of complaints including many class action suits again them .

-1
my husband is a computer consultant , and we have had it with these computers .
they seemed to be the best deal each time we were in the market for a new laptop , but do n't waste your money .
i have one that is 2 years old , and it shuts down from over heating about every hour .
my husband gave me that one after giving up on it and buying a new one , and it over heats , and about twice a day when he puts his hands back on it to start working again , it dies .
and it really dies , it takes a lot of time to get it going again , and a couple of times ( including yesterday ) it died and took all day to get it going again normally .
do n't buy these computers .
they really suck .
we gave it a second shot , and it is just not worth it .
it has cost us a fortune in missed work because of its faults .
we called toshiba about his current laptop issues , they said they were aware of the problem , and just bring it to a local toshiba technician , and they will fix it for free , but will have it for 2 weeks !
2 weeks !
that is crazy !
hope this saves you the hassles these computers have caused us .

-1
my machine was 3months old was working fine until i backed up my pictures to disk the thing died .
toshiba said it would be faster to take it to the repair station well it might of 4 mother boards later and 2 weeks i finally got it back .
yes it was repaired i have n't tried to back up yet figure i 'll wait because noticed last week one of the pixels went out on the screen as long as i 'm waiting might as well get a new screen .
i will be looking into the lemon law for electronics .

-1
i also received a vaio fj170 with the seal broken .
i have emailed by state attorney general if this constitutes selling used merchandise .

-1
if you buy a sony laptop , be prepared to pay > $ 250 to replace a dead fan after the warranty expiresi completely agree with the review by [ laptop professional `` anonymous owner '' ] .
potential customers , you should read reviews by owners who have owned the product for some time , especially for laptop.i bought a sony vgn-t-250 laptop one and half years ago .
it was one of the most expensive models and i only used it lightly during the one and half year.now , the fan had exactly the same problem as posted by by [ laptop professional `` anonymous owner '' ] , -- - it became noisy for two weeks and then died .
sony insisted to charge > $ 250 to replace it because the warranty was just for one year.if you check internet , you will find low quality fan is wide spread problem in sony laptops.be aware : sony sells such low quality product at high price and then makes another round of profit by repairing it .
i used to consider sony a high quality brand and now they have destroyed their own reputation.i think there should be a class action lawsuit again sony on the fan problem.for the same price , you can buy a much higher quality ibm/lenovo thinkpad , which i have owned for over four years and it works excellently .

-1
i hate this expensive computer- sony vgn-tz180n - and i am angry every time i boot it up .
my screen got a crack which i believe was due to the warping of the frame around the screen related to the excessive heat caused by the fan problem.i wrote to sony and they would do nothing for me regarding the cracked screen due to the overheating frame .
i was a loyal customer .
this is vaio number 2 - but believe me , it 's my last.i now have a big sign on the lid of my laptop which reads `` ask me why i hate this computer '' .
i spend half my time in airports and airport lounges and i get a lot of questions about my sign .
i suggest everyone else do the same.sony did replace my fan - ( but it still overheats and is too hot for my lap - really , it burns me if i have on thin clothes , like pj 's ) .the technician who came to my house ( i live remote ) told me that these computers had a lot of factory assembly problems .
duh !

-1
do n't waste your money on any averatec product !
slow , dvd recorder does n't work.unresponsive 'support ? '
non-existant.sent back to factory twice , came back worse each time .

-1
while looking for a new pc , i was very attracted by the price/features of this laptop .
after purchasing it , i immediately noticed that the bottom of the machine would get extremely hot after the computer has been on for some time .
it gets so hot that it is uncomfortable to have in your lap , kind of defying the name of this product .
also , the touch-pad is very stick and difficult to navigate compared to every other laptop i 've ever had .
in addition , the dvd-rom , stopped reading disks after about three months ( this appeas to be a common issue ) .
all in all , i do not rate this product highly at all .
if averatec 's other goods are anything like this computer , i sincerely hope that this company will dissapear off the face of the earth sometime soon .

-1
i received it with the broken screen , i formulated the reclamation and he was not originating .

-1
my wife bought me a macbook pro 15 about 6 weeks ago .
i 'm on my 3rd machine in 3 weeks .
this is ridiculous .
the first one lasted about 3 weeks before the battery swelled to the point that it made the trackpad inoperable .
luckily it was within 30 days of purchasing from best buy , they exchanged it for a new one .
this is fortunate since i first called apple and they wanted me to send it in for a repair that was going to take 4-6 weeks to complete .
i was not willing to spend this kind of money on a laptop and have it in for repair longer than i had it .
the new one was only two days old and i picked it up by the screen and the glass cover fractured .
now this is something i have done with larger windows based laptops for 10 years and have never had an issue .
took some arguing with best buy but they exchanged it again for a new one .
i 'm afraid to use this thing for fear of denting the aluminum housing , or damaging it again .
but my trusty windows laptops have travelled the world with me and never had these types of issues .
aside from how fragile and delicate this laptop is , i love the macbook it is fast and it is awesome to use , too bad i 'm afraid to take it out of the house with me .

-1
it 's quite disappointing that the black pack which carries the manuals , cleaning cloth and the macos dvd 's does n't have the dvd 's in it on my new macbook pro purchased : ( amazon , please send me the original dvd 's asap

-1
i paid top dollar for this computer and they scammed me .
sold me a single core processor for the price of a quad-core processor .
i want my money back .

-1
if you 're thinking of buying a used early 2011 macbook pro , do n't do it .
it has a design fault that causes a catastrophic logic board failure , requiring a replacement of the whole logic board .
i 've had it replaced twice - in a computer that 's only 3 years old .
fortunately , it was under applecare , but if it was n't , i would have been out about $ 600.unfortunately , apple refuses to acknowledge the fault , despite an almost 500 page thread on their forums with owners detailing the problems they 've had.i 'm not anti-apple .
our family has 4 macbook pros of various ages , plus a couple of ipads and i 've used macs since the late 1980s .
however , apple 's refusal to acknowledge this design fault is highly disappointing .

-1
from apple tech specs : '' 17-inch ( diagonal ) tft display , support for millions of colors ; optional glossy widescreen display '' translation : supplied lcd can not display the `` supported '' millions of colors.the screen has 1,764,000 pixels .
but can only display 262,144 different colors !
8 bit ( 16,777,216 colors ) display technology has been the standard for over a decade .
this product is not acceptable for use by photographers or graphics professionals.another dirty secret is that apple 's boot camp beta expires and you 'll have to purchase a new os from apple to get your boot camp back .
with apple 's track record they 'll probably blame it on an accounting standard ...

-1
do n't buy the macbook pros .
here 's my experience : i bought a macbook pro a few months ago and it was dead-on-arrival .
i immediately had it replaced with my current macbook pro , which also turned out to be defective .
i sent it in for repairs through my local apple store to apple 's repair facility in texas .
unfortunately for me , the defective part is the logic board ( the motherboard on this notebook ) and that part is on backorder , which i can only assume to be the case because of the demand for this part for other defective macbook pros .
apple 's repair facility has had my notebook for more than four weeks now , and even after numerous phone calls to apple 's service center , i still do n't have my notebook .
my advice is to stay away from the macbook pros until apple figures out why so many of them are unreliable ( known problems include , but are not limited to , excessive heat and noise from the macbook pros ) .
just check apple 's official discussion forums and see for yourself .

-1
look , amazon , the battery you sent me with the computeris dead .
after 24 hours of charging , it 's still dead .
the computerworks , but the battery is dead .
do you understand me ?
the batteryis dead !
look at the consumer feedback/reviews on your site aboutthis product .
other people have complained about receiving deadbatteries from you .
i gave you the benefit of the doubt and placed anorder , thinking a huge company with such an established name couldn'tpossibly want to screw me for a battery .
well , i was wrong.send me a new battery , please .
i just want a working battery .
and stopyour lies !
and do n't coyly ask , `` what lies ? ''
you know what lies i'mtalking about : the lies in your ad about how !
> i 'd receive a rechargeable battery and a manual .
keep your lies ; send me a working battery .
thanks .

-1
how do i resent this cf-51 i 've unfortunately bought ?
well , let me vant here:1 ) the design : it 's probably the worst laptop you could ever find in the $ 1,200.00- $ 1,600.00 range .
the design is so ugly and out-of-date.2 ) the heat fan 's noise is the loudest you could ever find in all the laptops , as loud as a hair dryer or kitchen exhaust hood .
it 's so loud that once it started , you just wish you got ear plugs at hand , and3 ) almost any program activated to work , it 'd kick start the fan ; and once the fan started , it 'd take years to stop ; and once the fan started , your mouse would freeze up .
before the fan stopped , you just could n't do anything but to wait out ( and life is too short , do n't you think so ? }
4 ) once the fan started , the heat exhausted from the laptop always mingled with some weird smell , like burning plastic or that smell is from the protective wrapping material around the hard drive ?
and why it 's so hot ?
just because panasonic did an unique job to protect the hard drive from damage if dropped accidently from a 4-feet height ?
and why it 's so hot ?
why the fan almost has to kick started so often , so randomly and so long ?
is it because panasonic wrappd more protective material under the keyboard from water damage ?
yeah , it maybe very tough , but it 's also too hot to put on you lap or keep the fan quiet and not over worked.5 ) the screen .
my god , what a bad workmanship !
if you look the screen from aside , you could easily spot that there are so many tightened knots and lines under the lcd 's screen surface , the light generated from behind is so uneven , and there are 2 obvious tightened knots on either side of the screen that the lumination on the screen is so uneven with so many horizontal shadows across the screen and it 's terrible .
by looking from the right front angle , the picture 's is nothing but out-of-date and primitive lcd technique .
forget about the sharpness of the flat panelled lcd screen , it 's just a step up from the analoge tv-like monitor .
if you take a closer look on the screen , all the tiny lines of the pixles are there ; no dead pixles , but it 's not what you should have expected from a flat panel lcd screen .
you wo n't find this kind of primitive lcd technique from sony 's vaio 's notebooks ; 'cause what my other vaio 's screen image is so finely sharp and so crispily beautiful.6 ) the wi-fi techs on this cf-51 is so dumb , so retarded , and so unstable ; either got no signal or lost signal very often .
what 's wrong with this crappy laptop ?
7 ) the windows xp professional operating system is a bad combination with this slow 4200rpm 40gb hard drive even you 've upgraded the memory from the meager panasonic factory installed 256mb to 1.2gb .
all the reponding times of all the programs are so slow.there 're so many other hateful things about this panasonic cf-51 .
the only thing so appropriately matched with the panasonic notebooks ' marketing pitch is : yes , it 's a toughbook , so tough that you just wish you could return it and get your money back !
!
!
!
!
stay away from panasonic 's notebooks , but if you just love what the 'toughbook ' brand , think about 'tough luck ' really means , folks , then you 'd know what i lamented as the above .

-1
dont take this one .
i have it .
its display screwed up twice .
it happened to all my friends who own it .
to be more precise , a thick band appears to the right and it slowly grows blocking enitre view .
bad customer care .
very few customer care centers in usa .
if anyone wants to buy this , i seriously suggest you to take extended warrenty .
am not sure whether this is the case with all acer 5000 series .
an intelligent guess would be , yes .

-1
sorry , i dont write good inglish and i dont kwon other way to contac you , so i will write here .
i pay for the laptop and when the company tray to give me the pack i never be at home .
can you please make the travel again .
thank and sorry

-1
i received this laptop as a graduation gift .
i would have never chosen it on my own .
first of all , it it too heavy and awkward to carry around .
secondly , even at its highest the volume is not very loud .
the quality of the speakers leaves a lot to be desired - they have a very `` tinney '' sound - definately not for multimedia use .
worst of all is the jumping cursor .
it is impossible to type without the cursor jumping randomly around the page and inserting words within words .
disabling the touchpad helps - but then what is the sense of having a touchpad ?
about all this piece of junk is good for is playing solitaire .

-1
i got this same lap top for under $ 400 .
do not buy this laptop for 1399. way to much .
i got it for like $ 250 on black friday and normal price was about $ 400 .

-1
i do n't like this computer at all .
it sometimes takes up to 3 minutes for a screen change .
on occasion it has been slower than dial up .
the cd/dvd drive is defective .
it may be ok if all you are doing is typing a paper , etc .
but not for anything else .

-1
ok so how do i begin .
toshiba is just a terrible company..i got my laptop - worked for 8 month and the power cord was defected .
i got a new power cord and in just about a month , the lcd suddenly stopped working .
the laptop overheats , battery life sucks , -- nothing more i can say !
time for a macbook !
not the mention , the support sucks !
!
!
bye

-1
the good :0 ) very beaufiful , cool screen .
nice ergonomics and cool white keyboard .
rugged , reliable and strong.the bad :1 ) no multimedia keys .
though it initially looks smart , it depends on service exes , they work slow.worse is they make the system slow and occupy ram a lot.2 ) heavy .
the weight shown excludes battery .
the basic battery is more than a pound and would last hardly an hour .
sony will rip you off $ 150 for a better battery.3 ) poor softwares installed and support .
they make system run even slower and if you install better system by yourself , you are screwed .
device drivers , brightness , volume , 802 wirelss , network interfaces all are gone .
you must download one by one ( but without net connection as it did not work for me ) .4 ) the system wo n't allow you to create recovery disk .
you have to buy from sony.5 ) wireless will drop connection every 30 minutes except for very few routers.6 ) slow despite 1 gb ram installed .
all programs run slow .
dvd writer copied a movie dvd for 5 ( 278 minutes ) hours.7 ) no sd/mmc card slot .
you are encouraged to buy only sony products with strange memory stick .

-1
unless you do not want any support that approaches anything remotely reasonable.my family have purchased sony products ( without even considering other brands ) for 3 generations .
but the month i decided no more .
the arrogance and incompetence of sony is beyond what i can deal with.i could honestly write a book on my dealings with sony over the past few years regarding vaio support.but i 'm pressed for time so i will cut to the final nail in the coffin that have put me off buying anymore sony products.i 've just bought a new sz71vp from the sony centre ( 1800gbp ) and was unhappy that the fingerprint login stops the machine hibernating or brining up task manager with ctrl-alt-del .
if i call the support number , it asks for a 15 digit serial ( ! )
then says it is invalid ( ! )
and drops the call .
no other choice is given .
if i try and fax it seems off hook every day .
if i emai , i get no response full stop ( following the proper [ ... ] listed contact means ) .i put in a tx1xp for repair ( case id 2028743 ) because 4 keys had stopped working .
to my surprise i was told that both the keyboard and motherboard need replaced at cost of 580 .
so i wanted to pay the 580 as i need the machine back asap .
but again no response to emails , fax machine engaged .
but the real killer is that after entering the 15 digital serial the voice prompt tells you to dial a 0.35gbp/min premium number .
there is no chance i am calling a premium rate number to pay 580gbp - going by previous experience it will take 20-30minutes .
this is like being charged by a supermarket for how long you are in the supermarket .
normally when customers are paying hundreds you do not force them to enter 15 digit serials then force them to call a premium rate number to hand over their visa details.shame on sony .
i buy a lot of electronics and recently decided to upgrade some and chose the following brands instead of sony - canon for digital camera , samsung for lcd , and creative vision for mp3 player.i expect that when a company has put a lead user such as myself off from touching the brand , the company will go down the tubes.i 've experienced vaio `` support '' for years now and can not take the suffering any more.i advise others before buying vaio to read what people who have already bought have to say at the club vaio forums : [ ... ] or to actually try contacting sony support to see how bad it is at [ ... ] note to sony : i want my tx1xp ( case id 2028743 ) back .
since you do not leave your fax machine online , nor answer emails and try and force me to call a premium rate number i am forced to use online methods to communicate with you such as this .

-1
hp did a lousy job soldering the power jack to the mother board on this machine .
when it stops working , their solution is to charge you several hundred dollars for a new motherboard .
you can send it off to an independent repair place in chicago and get it fixed for $ 125 plus but hp should either do it right to start with or fix it for free .

-1
hp lures you in with seemingly high performance for a low price .
i was excited when i first bought this computer for what seemed to be a low price .
however , within months the motherboard blew.this is not the end of the story .
i later bought another hp notebook pavilion 5139 and the first one had a broken cd rom .
i returned it to circiut city for a new one , then within months the hard drive blew .
they made me pay $ 14 for recovery disks ( that did not come with the computer ) .
those disks did not work and i was forced to send the computer in.bottom line , these hp 's are at extremely high probability of failure .
the old saying of getting what you pay for applies .
these things break down .
keep in mind i have another hp laptop that also broke and an hp desktop with problems .
i am a software company owner and have about 12 personal computers .
i can tell you that i will never buy another low end hp .
they are junk !

-1
absolutely the worst , most frustrating tech support i have ever encountered .
any computer can have problems .
to have to do 4 destructive recoveries , return the laptop twice for service and still have the same problems is unacceptable .
then to be assigned a case manager whose voice mail has no more space for messages is an insult .
finally they give you a phone number to call corporate .
it is always busy .
it has been 5 months of countless hours on hold and conflicting and uninformed instructions from barely intelligible `` techies '' .do n't buy unless you have masochistic tendencies .

-1
this is a fantastic machine , but the problem with the keyboard is a fact .
the good news is that hp service was excellent , they picked up the machine in one day , turned it around in one day , and i got it back the following day .
the bad news is that the second keyboard , while much better is still not acceptable .
the further bad news was that i had to reinstall windows before they would replace the keyboard , to make sure it was n't a driver issue ... although this made sense to me at the time , i now realize they should have had this issue in their database , and should not have put me thru that exercise ... on the other hand my wife also has a dv8000 series machine and that keyboard is perfect .

-1
i bought hp laptop after researching a lot , i wanted to make sure that $ 1500.00 that i am spending is well worth .
i bought zd8000 and it had wireless card problems .
broadcom card was n't detecting network , so they replaced `` 3 '' laptops back to back with same problem !
finally , i took dv8000t .
it looked good in begining but i started to notice keyboard goes on caps lock itself , and to get it back to normal , i either have to keep pressing cap 's key for 15 minutes or more - until it gets back otherwise turn off the computer and than turn it on again .
you ca n't even restart or open any program when it happens .
its getting worse and worse day by day .
missing keystrokes is just another matter.another thing is fan .
in begining week , computer stayed cool , fan hardly came on , and now it stays on most of the time , computer gets warm , while playing video game , fan constantly stays on and starts making noise , it happens when visiting flash site or anything contain flash comes on.crappy built quality - color on speaker cam on in 4 months !
!
it simply started with small dot and with in about 2 week it expanded well over inch.simply i think my $ 1500.00 is wasted , hp seems to ca n't fix this issue looking at few other buyer 's comments.stay away from dv8000 or dv5000 as both have keyboard problems .

-1
this system has a `` chiclet style '' keyboard with small plastic shells attached on top of the key mechanisms .
on my system , several keytops had a nasty habit of falling off .
they are not easy to attach back on the keyboard , and eventually will not attach at all.i called hp customer service .
they offered to bring the computer back in for service , replace/repair the keys , then send the computer back to me .
since i had purchased the computer in anticipation of a rather long overseas trip , there was no time for the suggested repair procedure .
no alternatives were available for a faster replacement.the warranty covers the us only .
i would have to pay for any repairs performed outside the us.this became an expensive lesson on avoiding supposedly `` brand name quality '' .

-1
i had to return two of these machines .
after downloading windows updates , the machine would loop through the rebooting process , asking whether you wanted to start in safe mode ... normal mode .
no matter what choice i used , the computer would start booting , blue-screen for about a quarter-second and then reboot .
i was really sad to have to return this machine , as there 's nothing else i 've seen that has the size and specs as this one does for under $ 2,500.if you buy this machine , you might want to stay away from windows upddates .

-1
last year i purchased a toshiba satellite l25-s121 at my local office depot .
i chose toshiba because i 'd had one before and had very few problems.the satellite l25-s121 has been an absolute nightmare .
i brought it home and began using it for both my grad school and my freelance work .
a month after i purchased the toshiba , i was working , and a message popped up , telling me that my system had no more memory .
i began deleting files to make more room .
the computer crashed .
when i turned it back on , i got a black screen.i called toshiba .
my hard drive had just died .
only one month after i purchased the laptop .
the toshiba tech support guy was certainly not very helpful , only saying `` i see '' after everything i told him.i took the laptop into the local authorized toshiba dealer and had to find another computer to use in the meantime .
a week later , i had the toshiba back .
the hard drive had been replaced , but of course , i 'd lost all of my information .
to have it retrieved would have cost me several hundred dollars.the laptop seemed to work well for a few weeks when the power supply cord stopped working consistently .
if i moved or breathed while i was using the power supply cord , the cord turned off and the battery turned on .
then the keys on my keyboard starting sticking.a few weeks after that , and only a month after i 'd had the hard drive replaced , the toshiba was again at the toshiba authorized dealer .
this time it took more than a month for all the repairs - among the parts that were replaced were the power supply cord and the keyboard .
it would have been much faster and easier for toshiba to give me a new computer , but that 's not how it works , i was told .
and because i 'd bought the toshiba laptop through office depot , i had absolutely no recourse in disputing the charge through my credit card.i had to purchase yet another laptop - this time a dell - while the toshiba spent weeks being repaired.more than a year later , i know i will never purchase and will never recommend toshiba to anyone .
several months ago , the power cord started acting up again .
( i 'd barely been using the toshiba at this point because it was such a hassle . )
so , i purchased a new one .
it worked for a few weeks .
then it , too , stopped working.i called toshiba .
at the time i was in kansas for a few months , and the closest authorized toshiba dealer was three hours away .
i asked tech support if i could send it via ups as it was still under warranty .
sure , he told me , but i could only send it via an authorized ups dealer .
the closest ups authorized dealer was more than an hour and a half away.i gave up with toshiba and gave the laptop to my dad .
he took it to a recommended computer repair specialist .
i 've had the toshiba back again for less than two weeks , and the power cord is again acting up .
ask toshiba , and you 'll be told it 's the power supply cord .
it 's not .
there is something wrong with the actual computer ( besides the fact that it 's a lemon ) , but will it get fixed ?
no .
toshiba got their money , and now they want nothing to do with the laptop.after i filed a complaint with the better business bureau , a toshiba representative responded by offering me a $ 100 certificate for my troubles .
( apparently i was one of many , many people who were having the same trouble with my satellite l25-s121 laptop . )
i never did receive the certificate , but i do n't want to purchase anything from toshiba ever again .
so , in the end , it makes no difference.i 'm now using the toshiba , and the power supply cuts in and out as it wants .
if i move ever-so-slightly it stops working and might take another five or ten minutes to get it to work .
i 'm logging off of the toshiba now and going back to my dell.the only person a toshiba is suitable for is a masochist .
it 's been beyond frustrating and has cost me hundreds of dollars and valuable time .

-1
we bought our sony and it looked great - imagine out disappointment when we got it home and found out it was bogged down with every imaginable piece of rubbish.sony won us over with gerat design - as usual - then lost us entirely with bad choices about rubbishy oem software - they should know much better than this.here 's an idea - offer us the option of getting a clean pc - i would gladly pay extra for this .
seriously - i have wasted two days trying to get this pc working to spec.is anybody else tired of this practice ?

-1
me gusto mucho la compu , ahorita estoy enviando el mail desde ella .
es muy buenaaaaaaaaaaaa.. jejeje

-1
i 've had mine for less than a year ... hp has been in posession of it for about 1/3 of that time ... and still has it for the exact same problem ... the display died.to add insult to injury ... the current repair is being delayed ( until after my warantee runs out ? )
because of a back-order of the `` part required to repair it ) ... ( oh geeh , could it be a design flaw ?
? )
they insist on trying to sell me an extended warantee ( which wo n't cover the display ) every time i call to see when i 'll get it back .
( they said i 'd have it december 6 , 2006 ... more than a month ago ! )
there seems to be a structural weakness in the design of the display .
if you subject it to normal wear and tear ( i commute daily ) ... the display will first show a vertical band on the left side kinda like a bad video overlay ... then in a few days it 'll change to completely vertical stripes.my previous hp laptop died of old age ... and i still have the display panel from it as parts ... working.do n't trust hp when they say you do n't need to back up the hard drive either ... they seem hell bend on trashing your data.their support does n't seem to be us based , and they have fairly poor phone connectivity.i 'm going to write this one off ... and get an acer.
-- mike --

-1
sony makes nice compact computers , which are great until they break .
even if there are known defects in the computer , sony will not honor the warranty if there are any things that they determine are not due to normal wear and tear -- -even if they have nothing to do with the manufacturing defect.buyer beware .

-1
this was my first lap top and had to throw it in garbage in one year after facing many problems .
i bought it considering sony brand , but now realized that sony is worst when it comes to laptops.- lap top base gets so hot that it can burn your skin and you can not work while keeping in your lap.- battery back up is less than 90 minutes even when laptop is new- key board is flat , not comfortable and very fragile ( can break very easily ) - over all the laptop is not at all sturdy and different parts ( such as side panel in my case ) can come out very easily.i would advise not to spend $ 1500- $ 2000 for this as there are various other good laptops available in this price range .

-1
this looks good , but not works well .
just received the laptop .
and turn on the power , after finished the register for xp system , the hard drive fail .
now the system ca n't restart , and the big noise from hard disk.there is no recover cd .
the adapter is huge and heavy .
ca n't belive that sony make such huge adapter for small laptop .
very stupid.hardware fail , hope amazon help me to return it.who packed the package ?
the laptop is on the bottom , and the air bags are all on the top .
there is no protection for the laptop at all .
i think amazon need to learn how to pack.call amazon customer serivces , they do n't serve you .
they keep asking you to call back later .
call them second time 3 hours later , they still said call back couple hours later .
the call is from indian , ca n't hear clear and long time delay.i think it should give negative 5 stars .

-1
este computador lo compre por la reputacion que tiene sony con sus portatiles , pero presento un problema con el hardware con un ruido terrible , se bloquea frecuentemente y es menos de lo que cuesta , toshiba tiene un computador similar a un precio mucho mejor , definitivamente no recomiendo este computador .

-1
i live in venezuela and buy this pc , after an anus it was not working well and the envie 4 times from my country towards sony in usa , always me devolvian the pc of return and i never work well.finally the machine does not ignite and i never will to buy sony in my life

-1
thought i was getting a deal but i guess i didnt read the bottom line .
lap top computer delivered with no power cord and no hard drive .
did return finally 10/12 ... ... ... ... ... .hoping i get my money back

-1
sound disturbance , restarts with our wanrning , got problem with mother board 4 times in 2 years , needed to change hard drive 2 times , needed to change the dvd drive.i bought this laptop with compusa and all the products i brought with them sucks .
lucky that i took insurance with the laptop for 3 years so i am making use of if , but most of the time it stays with the service people as it gives problems every month .

-1
do n't buy this .
after you 've had it for a month or two ( ie after the 15-day return window ) it will start shutting itself off randomly more and more often until it becomes useless .
if you call apple , trying to get them to admit there 's a problem is like pulling teeth , and even if you succeed , the solution is for you to mail them your laptop and do without it for two weeks .
because of their defect .
wonderful .

-1
i got my laptop only to find out that the keyboard did n't work and i had to take it in to apple and get it repaired when i needed it for work .
not cool selling products that are still damaged as repaired.jesse turner

-1
i was very excited to switch from a pc to a mac & after a lot of convincing , my husband agreed to try it .
well , it showed up and did n't even turn on !
we got it to boot a couple of times , but it would n't stay on long enough to get through the welcome screens .
we sent it back and ordered one directly from apple .
that one works great .
something must have happened either in amazon 's warehouse or during shipping .

-1
i bought an apple macbook 2 1/2 years ago because i heard that it was best in lap tops .
in less than 3 years i have had to buy a wireless mouse because the pad does n't work .
now , the led screen is going out.
!
i 'm very disappointed and calculating the amount it has cost me for a computer that is ready for the trash after such a short period , the price certainly is n't worth it .

-1
i bought a macbook about two months ago , and i was very happy with it ... until about three weeks ago , when it just started turning itself off .
completely randomly.apparently , this is happening to many other people as well , judging by the chatter on the web.do yourself a favor , and buy anything else .
do n't buy this machine .

-1
google for `` macbook sudden shutdown '' , you will know what i 'm talking about.apple does n't have a solution yet.if i had bought it from local store , definitely i would return it to get my money back.sending it to apple store ?
then i 'll be without a computer for several weeks .
then get a replaced logic board or some thermal stuff .
well , then ... .
the problem will be back.i have to wait and see , before apple figures out the problem , i wo n't send it in , unless they are nice to give me an exchange

-1
just got this as a giftno hard driveno restore disksthey sent a copy of mac osx 10.4 for the g5what kind of service is that ?

-1
it does not even deserve one star .
this is my second acer .
the first gave me fits and i gave it away .
this one did much the same thing and then the hard drive died ... all within 6 months .
support was awful ( try being on hold up to an hour ) .
repair is awful ... got my laptop back in 2 weeks even though i paid for overnight return .
in less than 2 weeks i got the same problems that i had before the first hard drive failure .
their answer ?
send it back for repair .
i am sorry , if they can not fix it the first time why would i even let them have it a 2nd time ?
no exchanges , refunds or even a loaner .
my business depends on having a reliable laptop for travel .
i spent over well over $ 200 ( on top of the purchase price , not to mention the aggrivation of backing up , restoring and reloading ) for what ?
very poor customer service .
very poor repair service .
if i ran my business like theirs i would no longer be in business .

-1
this unit is too fragile for use as a traveling laptop .
my screen cracked when i moved the unit on my desk ( a $ 699 repair ) .
the attitude at sony was `` you should n't move it by the screen '' ... .
the sony repair service experience is a horror .
i 'm going back to my older & sturdier fujitsu p series .

-1
i had had a very good expierence with toshiba , but i tried couple of new models ; simply - hopeless ... there is no problem with the celeron , but with the technology .

-1
what i do n't like about the dell notebooks is that the keys are crammed together which will slow down anyone who does a lot of typing .
the other drawback is that the delete , backspace , etc .
keys are in strange places making one stop typing and look for the keys .
i got so fed up that i gave my dell notebook away , and bought a sony , which i am very happy with .

-1
what ever you do , do not waste your money on this machine .
i have gone through 2 in four months .
it may seem great but after the first month the processer slows down , it starts freezing at least three to four times a week .
the pen is easy to loose and a replacement cost nearly $ 50 .
the keys fall out easily and the wireless adapter in it rarly works .
if you buy this computer , which you should n't , i would buy the three year warenty because this computer will start to have problems .
tosiba will give you a new machine if you buy the warenty .
second , buy another battery .
the battery life says up to 5 hours , but in reality it last only 1:45-3:00 based on your power settings .
lastly buy an external hard drive to go with this computer .
the 100 gb gets used up quickly with all the free `` nessessities '' , which is another way of saying useless junk.if you are smart you will purchase a macintosh laptop .
the new mac book pro runs litterally twice as fast as this box of viruses .
it comes standard with twice the memory a better warenty , no virus garrentied and it will not freeze.be smart pay half the price of this computer and get a mac book ( roughly $ 1,300 ) or a mac book pro ( roughly 1,800 ) .
plus they come with programs standard on them that pcs would only dream of like build in cameras for online chatting or making videos .
iphoto , itunes , idvd , imovie and ichat all come standard on all mac computers.mac 4 life

-1
i bought this laptop second hand to use it as a media player and occasional word processor , and have had nothing but problems with it.1 .
it overheats , and when it does , it shuts down without warning .
this is a common problem for toshibas produced around this time .
as this is mainly due to accumulated dust around the heat-sink , a temporary solution is to blow really hard into the ventilation area ( and close your eyes while you do , as the dust will be blown out in your face ! )
.
this decreases the likelihood of a sudden shut-down ( a proper solution would be to open up and clean the laptop , however i am not a technician ) .2 .
a request for a bios password suddenly appeared ( for no particular reason - the only thing the computer was used for was playing music that was on the hard-drive , it was not even connected to the internet ! )
, making me unable to log into my own computer !
re-setting the bios is a nightmare - you need to open the rear of the computer , find the right contact points and short-circuit them for 20 seconds .
again , as i am not a technician , this is not something i feel comfortable doing.3 .
build quality is poor - the plastic around the keyboard has signs of wear ( just from moving my hands ) , the lid scratches very easily.toshiba - what has happened to you ?
?
you used to deliver premium products and your computers were known to be the most durable , how can you have the conscience to sell something this crappy !
?
i felt secure buying it second hand because `` this was a toshiba '' , now i will never buy a toshiba ever again .

-1
i have been trying to get this computer repaired for 2 months now .
the service people in india are pitiful and attempting any minor conversation is a 2 hour ordeal with them asking the same questions over and over .
please save me from `` hp total care '' .
buy anything but a hp computer .

-1
i just spent 3 hours on the phone with india , and the dominican republic .
all `` yahoo 's '' who had no clue !
this is about the 5th time i have had a similar experience !
this time , several persons got on the phone , and when i asked where they were hung up .
one told me they are in america .
when i asked what state ( since they had quite an accent ) , they said what does that mean .
they clearly lied to me .
i asked to speak to their supervisor , and the same person got on the phone , tried to disguise his voice , and told me that he was not allowed to tell me where he was !
i am a physician , who can not imagine such horrible customer service , and such a willful disregard of their customers .
i have just cancelled a notebook order of over 100 notebooks , and will never ever deal with hp in any fashion in the future .

-1
if you want a computer company with the worst customer service ... be my guest.. buy a dell computer !
!
!
!
!

-1
i made the mistake of doing business with dell and purchased an e510 .
the problems began as soon as the warantee expired .
the disk drive died at four months .
i replaced at my expense .
now the power supply is dead .
tech services is a case study in how not to deal with customers .
i would have strangled a couple of them to death if i could have got my hands around their necks .
lucky for them that they are in india .
i took a magic marker and wrote `` never , ever do business with dell again '' on the side of the computer in large letters .
on the positive side , if you want to learn how to repair computers , an e510 is just the thing you want .

-1
this laptop was a rip off .
i couldnt understand it at all .
i took it to the geek squad to figure out why the dvd player wouldnt work .
they even said it was too old for them to work on .
its 6-7 years old .
they also said the windows xp was swipped out of the laptop .
within a days use thebattery life lasts for about an hour.i will never buy this product again .

-1
the laptop only worked 3 times then no longer lit

-1
i just purchased this item in april the fan has already gone i advise you not to buy usedi have lost money i also do not have a way to contact customer service also these computers are out of date

-1
i bought the mx3228 in may of 06 and found teh system to be advertised .
in january 2007 , i had the lcd screen crack .
iontacetd gateway and explain it broke when i either opened or closed it , their position was it was user induced breakage or it broke because i used it.the damage was caused by the screen case flexing , not from my abuse .
when you close or open eh screen the cover behind eh lcd screen will flex and eventually you will lose your lcd screen as well.i woudl give gateway a score of less than 1 star .
perhaps -10 would be refelct their level of support .

-1
got this laptop back in may of 2007 .
it worked fine for a while , but i noticed a little black speck on the upper left side of the screen .
i did n't think much of it , until it started getting larger and larger as time went by .
it became the size of a dime and started to interfering with my view .
so i called gateway , and explained what it was doing , so they told me to send it back because it was still under warranty .
i sent it back and they called a few days later and left a message on my voicemail saying that it was a small crack in the lcd screen , and that they felt that it was done by me !
i told them that i do n't move the laptop anywhere , and that it just sits on a small laptop table upstairs .
i only used it for back up if my desk top computer goes down , or if i 'm upstairs and i have to turn it on to check something real quick .
they told me that the warranty did n't cover that , and i would have to pay them $ 500.00 if i wanted it fixed .
i told them to forget it , that i could send it to a place near me that could fix it for less then half that amount .
so they sent it back to me , and when i turned it on , there was nothing but a black screen !
i called them to find out what they did to it , and they said that it could have possibly happened during shipping , but they were still not taking responsibility for it , and their offer still stood .
i told them that when i sent it back it was at least in working order , but now it does n't work at all !
!
they told me that there was nothing they would do , and basically i was stuck with it unless i was going to pay them $ 500.00 to fix it .
this is the last gateway i will ever buy !
i would n't advise anyone to buy one either .
if you do a search on gateway warranties , you will find that there are a lot of complaints about them not backing their warranty .
beware !
!
!
if you found this review helpful , please click yes .
thanks !

-1
ok laptop but if you want to do anything besides basic web browsing you 're screwed because the operating system is so old you can not update flash player or itunes to recent versions and therefore can not watch videos or sync your ipod unless you have one that is as old as the computer .

-1
lap top looks nice .
.but nothing works on it .
a piece of crap , wasted my money , will be more careful in the future

-1
i had the worst experience with buying a laptop on line .
not only did was it seven years old , there were a lot of minor problems .
i called the company an he not only made excuses on why it did n't work but he tryed to sell me the items to fix it .
loser !

-1
thought i was getting a good deal .
the laptop will not come on .
contacted the seller and was told tough luck .
if i had known at the time i would have purchased this from somewhere else i will never order from this seller again .
buyer beware the price is not worth the product .

-1
just before a couple of months after purchase the lcd screen died ; now i have to ship the computer to sony and wait until they send it back , which means i 'll have no computer for a couple of weeks .
had a couple of other problems with a printer and my digital camera , called sony support and it was really bad , did n't solve my problem after 2 hours on the phone and their only brilliant solution was telling me to re-install windows.i 'm never buying sony again ...

-1
i have never been so dissapointed by a customer service program .
my computer died last year and they made me pay more than 100.00 to perform a recovery on the computer .
this could have easily been acheived by providing the consumer , after they pay almost 2000.00 with the disks needed to reinstall the programs the computer came with .
instead they expect you to creat a recovery disk .
then to make the story even better .
i go to create a recovery disk for next time and i eat through 20 dvd 's trying to make it work .
their solution is for me to uninstall 3 of my programs that they installed and then try again .
long story short .
it never worked .
stick to dell or apple .
i still have a dell that i bought 5 years ago , and whenever anything goes wrong they will even come to your house to fix it .
i paid the original warranty , same as i did with the sony , but the service speaks for itself .
sony should be ashamed of themselves .

-1
i purchased this sony vaio vgn-fe670g from office depot about 1 month ago .
i was surprised that from day 1 , the dvd / cd player does not work , it makes spinning sound but nothing comes out of it .
after lots of back and forth with sony technical support , they send out a technician to my office and after a few hours , told me that the driver is missing !
they do not know the reason .
but since the dvd / cd drive does not have a driver , they can not install it becuase to install it you need a working dvd / cd drive !
!
!
they have also downloaded via internet the driver and tried to install it and still does not work .
therefore , they are sending me a set of `` reformat '' disks and i should reformt my computer so back up all my stuff and wait for the disks.i should be getting the disks early next week and may have to reformat my hd .
i am unsure if this will work even after that , we shall see.question that comes to my mind is whether this is a hassle i need for a new laptop which i have spent lots of money ?
?
reformat takes a lot of my time , and lots of hassle .
who is gon na pay for that ?
?
?
also i do not understand why sony puts the model name on the lower right horner of the screen in almost `` invisable '' ink so it is impossible to read.also i think the case / surface of this vaio , like many others , will scratch easily .
they should better change the surface to make it more scratch resistent.i was disappointed with my experience with sony vaio .
perhaps better to consider another supplier !
!
!

-1
i purchased a av-650 in october .
i had problems out of the box .
hd dvd did not play .
lots of system errors .
many hours spent on the phone and reinstalling system did not seem to help .
though there support team is friendly they were not much help .
i finally found a level 3 person that did know what he was talking about .
they sent a `` tech '' out to reinstall the hd drive .
did not work .
sent it to the depot .
they said send softwear that i use and they will install it one by one to see if there is a conflict .
had ups pack my orig .
box and softwear .
they lost everything .
got the system back , still not working .
sent it again .
came back running way worse .
tons of error message , crashes can not open any programs .
so far i am stuck with this usless piece of junk .
they said customer service will contact me , never did .
i will have to file a lawsuit to recover from this mess .
whatever you do dont buy any toshiba products , they will not stand behind them .
they settled a $ 20 million class action lawsuit for knowing selling defective junk .
there are many other actions pending.stay away from toshiba qosmio and all toshiba products

-1
i was reasonably happy with my premium sz260p despite some misgivings about the keyboard and the heat generated by it.within four months , keys on the keyboard have begun to fall out .
problems with the spacebar have been well documented ... all in all , the build quality has basic design faults despite the beautiful screen and efficient processors etc.given that the new core 2 range also use these keyboards , one could n't recommend vaio sz 's as long as the keyboard is made so cheaply .
also watch out for the fact that despite the thinness of the machine , the ac adapter is gigantic !

-1
do n't buy the macbook pros .
here 's my experience : i bought a macbook pro a few months ago and it was dead-on-arrival .
i immediately had it replaced with my current macbook pro , which also turned out to be defective .
i sent it in for repairs through my local apple store to apple 's repair facility in texas .
unfortunately for me , the defective part is the logic board ( the motherboard on this notebook ) and that part is on backorder , which i can only assume to be the case because of the demand for this part for other defective macbook pros .
apple 's repair facility has had my notebook for more than four weeks now , and even after numerous phone calls to apple 's service center , i still do n't have my notebook .
my advice is to stay away from the macbook pros until apple figures out why so many of them are unreliable ( known problems include , but are not limited to , excessive heat and noise from the macbook pros ) .
just check apple 's official discussion forums and see for yourself .

-1
idk what 's up here but it 's very slow .
and i ca n't get help because their hours are east coast time and only monday thru friday .
even with wifi video does n't play smoothly and it does n't do dvds well either .
i 'm better using my iphone for these tasks and that is n't even it 's job .

-1
buyer beware !
while it may work fine at first , it will break in no time !
i purchased this laptop less than a year ago , and although i was extremely careful and gentle with it , it is completely useless right now .
the screen keeps fading , and only extreme and constant pressure on the screen at a certain angle will bring back the content .
however , it 's not possible to type and work on it while putting pressure at the same time .
so i 'm left with no laptop in the middle of a college course : ( i tried contacting the seller over a week ago , and have n't received a response at all .
this is by far my worst purchase ever !
!

-1
it was a gift for my niece ... she did not get it until her birthday in march ... it would not boot up the 4th time she went to start it .
it had some sort of electrical problem .
checking it out after it would not start up , i found the battery was dead and would not hold a charge and the hard drive not even recognized as being in the machine.i believe there was an electrical problem with the machine or battery and it fried the computer .
i do not believe the machine was inspected an thoughly as it should have been before selling it.of course , since it was a gift , the warrenty is long past and my neice is stuck without a computer and i am stuck with a very expensive paper weight .
i am one very unhappy customer .

-1
1 month after the return period ended this computer died .
it will turn on but there is nothing but fuzz all over the screen .

-1
well i bought this product , not from amazon , about a year and a half ago .
for the first 9 months this computer was wonderful .
unfortunatly about the third week of last june my video card started to fail and i 've had half a screen of non comforming pixels .
well a few days ago the video card completly failed and now my computer is unusable until i get a new one .
secondly i would n't buy anything toshiba because when this first happened i was still under warranty and called toshiba everyday for a month trying to get help and they kept giving me the run around .
i 'd recommend an hp for anyone looking for a laptop because they 're customer service does n't suck .

-1
purhased this laptop in september 2006 .
received in october 2006 .
blew up 3 days later while hooking up the tv tuner .
toshiba had me send it to their local representatives for repair .
it stayed in their shop until january of 2007 .
finally around jan. 21 , 2007 they replaced this laptop with the p105-s6064 which i do not like .
i had to sign my life away to get this slow beast .
i did not have a laptop for over 100 days .
beware toshiba , their representatives and customer service are hard to deal with and in my opinion speak with forked tongues .

-1
i actually bought this product as part of a research report i am currently writing at work , and have been using it just to see the differences between mas os and vista.do the difference is : mac os x sucks !
!
!
!
!
!
!
after a month , i am still not used to it ( granted i did start using it less and less ) and its aesthetic features are far inferior to aeros on vista ( also , it crashes a lot more , i guess that not published because of mac 's smaller user base ) anyways , there is nothing wrong with this lap top and you can definitely buy and install vista which would already make this lap top 9348023948 times better .
nevertheless , you need to take the price into consideration .
you can get a dell , hp , or sony vaio for far cheaper but with the same specs.better yet , get yourself a laptop that has 2gb of memory ( this model has 1 , and adding another gb costs even more ) so that you can run any operating system you choose smoothly and beautifully.anyways , just keep in mind three things before you buy this:1 bad user interface is very confusing and very impractical , especially for those who have grown up using windows ( basically everybody ) 2 extremely overpriced - can get a much better laptop for same money3 not compatible with many of your favorite games and other software applications

-1
writing this review on my old laptop with windows .
very unhappy with new macbook .
windows do n't cover the whole screen making my 13 inch essentially a 10 inch .
very confusing and hard to navigate .
never tried vista but lifetime windows user and i feel like i just walked into starbucks for the 1st time and do n't know the silly names they give their sizes .
ca n't `` double tap '' the touch pad - have to click on the button , so using one hand to navigate is not possible .
going to give it a shot over next couple of days before exchanging it for a windows based laptop .

-1
i bought a macbook from amazon .
it worked fine for 2 days until all of a sudden , it started to freeze up on me and shut off automatically .
i tried to get apple to fix it , however , they said that buying from amazon voids all warranties as they are not an authorized retailer .

-1
i was very excited to use my new macbook ( as im a first time user ) , but when i finally received the package and tried to use it , it didnt open .
i thought maybe im just not ding it right .
i called apple support and she was not very helpful .
all she said that i should just bring it to a service center .
which i did .
only to find out the mother board needs to be replaced .
imagine how disappointed i was .
unbelievable that they delivered to me a non-working laptop .
i wanted to have the whole thing replaced but when i spoke to customer service , he said that as per policy , they would only replace a unit within 15 days from purchase date .
i told him its within the allowable time frame then he gave me another reason / policy why they cant replace it .
so im stuck with a mother board replacement .
i have to wait for 7 days to have it fixed .

-1
three weeks after i bought the darn thing it crashed .
i only installed microsoft office software .
i 'm working away on a project when bam !
the blue screen of death appears to inform me that windows xp had to quit .
then a totally dark screen.then the system starts back up , with a box offering to send an error report to microsoft .
i click it .
microsoft thinks for a minute then writes back : hardware failure .
either the memory , the power supply or the motherboard is defective .
they 're not sure which , but it 's serious .
the computer is obviously working for the moment , but unreliable.now i 'm stuck .
i can replace the computer , but microsoft wo n't let me load their software a second time .
i 'll have to shell out $ hundreds again for software i just purchased.my opinion : i 'm sorry i took a chance on this cheap computer .
as someone once said , `` the anguish of low quality endures long after the thrill of low price is gone . ''

-1
i own an hp dv2120 laptop , but the defects are in all versions of the dv2000 series.just after owning this for a little over two years ( and the manufacturer warranty just expired ) , its poorly designed hardware started to defect : - it takes many attempts turning my laptop on and off before before it will actually post ; usually it takes me about 10 to 15 tries before i get lucky and it boots .
most attempts will just give me a black screen and my laptop will do nothing .
so , it takes me about 2-3 minutes powering on and hard-powering off the laptop before i can even get it to boot .
this issue is a known defect , and will happen to you if you use it a lot.- also , i must have the power supply plugged in , otherwise my laptop will never boot .
so my laptop is now a small desktop.- the built-in wifi electronics are n't properly ventilated , so it will eventually fry itself ( another known defect ) .
i bought an external usb wifi adapter so i can use wifi.i recommend you do n't buy any hp dv2000 series laptops .
personally , this has soured my experience with hp , as i have thrown $ 1100 into it when it was first released .
sorry hp , this is unacceptable , and i promise will never buy an hp product again .

-1
the betery is bad no charger

-1
el equipo nunca llego a la direccion que suministre en miami , estoy contactando a la compa & ntilde ; ia que tiene la responsabilidad , gracias

-1
this is absolute junk .
it lasted exactly 31 days , one day longer than the warranty .
shuts off and will not restart .
not worth taking to a repair tech ; should have just given $ 250 to a homeless person .

-1
this was owful product the seller writes tht this laptop is 60gb hard disk and i found it just 20gb he is a big cheater also there is no wlan in it

-1
we have owned our sony laptop for three years .
never loved it , but what are you going to do .
now hate it .
needed to replace the hard drive .
had to purchase recovery disks that are suppose to restore the computer to manufacturer specs .
did n't include windows , plus the the recovery disks didn ; t work completely .
our function keys still do n't work .
now sony expects me to pay them additional money for help to correct the problems - their errors !
buyer beware .
you do not own any software on your sony computer and must pay again and again if ever a problem .
will never buy a sony computer again .
stick to dell or hp .

-1
i had another sony vaio for 8 years and never had a problem .
this one arrived and seemed to be fine , but when i tried to use outlook i started getting funny error messages .
i called support and was diagnosed with a corrupted hard drive .
i debated then whether to return it , but since i 'd had such a good experience with sony before ... i sent it in .
did n't get it back for 28 days ( normal is 7-10 days ) .
they had to replace the motherboard , a fact my repairs slip did not record -- i found that out talking to a sony tech when i was hunting it down .
all in all a bad experience , the only good thing about this was amazon , which gave me a refund .

-1
i had nothing but problems with my sony - first the lcd display backlight burned out just a month after the warranty expired , and i had to pay $ 450 to repair it .
now , it would randomly freeze or reboot due to bad design of the memory sockets ( a very persistant problem in sony laptops if you search the net ) , for which problem there is no apparent solution besides paying another $ 600 ( no way , i am not investng in this pos anymore ) .bottom line - buy something else - toshiba , ibm , hp , whatever , just stay away from sony .

-1
i am a computer repair tech who has a client that uses these for their road warriors .
if these things work they are fine but fixing them is impossible .
odd track pad and shutdown issues plague them .
all the hard disks have failed by the 2 year mark .
the camera gives one fits getting the right drivers loaded .
the sony driver download site is slow and confusing and sony no longer sells the original install disks .
these things are just too proprietary for me .
most of my dell tricks just do not work on these sonys .
if you can afford to throw it away if it breaks out of warranty go ahead , buy it .

-1
unfortunately i had nothing but problems with the sony vaio 17 '' .
now after one year , the computer needs to be serviced again but more about that in a minute .
first off , the touchpad made me think i was going insane until customer support showed me how to remove the touch sensitivity on it .
a few months after that , the touchpad started doing it again .
perplexed , i called sony support again and they said the driver was corrupt and download new driver .
fixed that problem .
from the start , the fan ran very hot and very very loud .
computer started to bomb about every 5 minutes .
fan became deafening and could n't touch computer because of the heat .
sent it into service and sony replaced fan among other things .
current situation : now it decided not to start windows and has been giving me a blank screen for a few days ( rendering the computer totally not useable ) and so once again it 's going back into service .
my experience with this computer has been beyond terrible and will never buy another sony product again because of this .
actually after i drop it off to the sony service center , i 'm driving right to apple and buying a macbookpro .
i need a computer that 's reliable .
i 'll keep the sony as a spare but i can not ever recommend this computer because i 've had nothing but problems with it .
by the way , my sony is less than one-year old .

-1
so it 's been about 3 years since i purchased this laptop .
i would consider it lightly used since it rarely moves from my desk .
i would guess in the 3 year of ownership it 's traveled about 50 days in total.the main reason i got this particular machine over a mac is i already owned a ton of software and did n't want to dish out another 2-3k for mac licenses .
lesson learned.here are my problems with this laptop and sony in general.1 .
poor construction .
usb ports loose and poorly placed .
how about putting a few more in the back instead of just one !
2 .
poor design .
see above about usb .
also , the power supply has a right hand bend so if your power happens to be on the right , then you ca n't use that usb port that is right next to it .
i got a stand to avoid this issue.3 .
motherboard failed4 .
no longer charges the battery ( motherboard again but now i am out of warranty ) 5 .
tv tuner is only analog - should have had an astc tuner knowing that the digital transition was eminent.6 .
vista driver support was iffy7 .
win7 driver support is non-existent8 .
ca n't use off the shelf nvidia drivers .
i have to wait for sony.9 .
did n't come with backup os dvd .
come on , if you pay 3k for a laptop it better come with a dvd.10 .
lots of dead pixels .
yeah it 's 3 years old.it 's almost time for a new laptop and this time , i am going with mac .
so long sony .

-1
ok so i bout an acer aspire 3610 after i found a good deal last year at circuit city and was told its a great computer ... .
big mistake ever !
!
within a year the plastic on the top of the screen when the lid was closed cracked near the hinges !
i had the one year warrenty and had it fixed and they put a new screen on it ... everything was find for a little while.. then i decieded to extend my warrenty because i thought oh well it will last for a little bit ... well they charged me 3 times for the warrenty !
i had to fight to get my money back and i still hav n't recieved one payment back.. then my screen would get lines althrough it and make it so that you could n't do anything on the computer .
i sent it in and it worked ... now i go to find out that the cd drive the outside piece broke off and its cracked near it so it wo n't open right !
my suggestion ... stay away from acer !
!
!
!

-1
hi , i give this 1 star , purely for the looks , i like carbon fiber.this is not a great travel companion , it is about my 5th notebook owned and by far the worst ( although the most expensive.inadequate cooling , i sit it on a cooling pad and it still has overheat issues.heat outlet is right next to your mouse hand and is hot hot hot.inlets are small and not located where the fans on most cooling pads areacer support is terrible , when you call them everything is such a hassle for them and it really would be better for them if you just ignore the broblems.the speakers give a faint buzz every time you press a key or move the mouseacer software is rubbish and uses most of your ram , when you uninstall it make sure you set your display to max backlight or you will be left with a dull light until you re-install and change it.getting driver updates form the website is painful , mainly because the acer do not support the standard set of ati mobility radeon drivers like all the other companies but modify it ( probably so the can badge it ) the casing where you rest your wrists when typing quickly wears and becomes darker than the rest of the case making your unit look dirty and old.the mmc / sd card reader is not spring loaded so expect to dig at the card with your fingernails in order to get it out of there , and be careful not to break the low tech rubber hinged cover as well.acers orbi cam is about the worst webcam ever , i have video calls on my mobile phone that have higher framerates and are better quality.i would love to get a refund ... seriously buy the toshiba or even the dell , dont waste your hard earned on this dud.grant

-1
after two months using , my wife and i realized the screen display is not good .
there is glares and characters are crisp clear .
we have rest our eyes every hour or so .
we did try various display settings.i have used other laptop brands - dell , ibm/lenovo , hp ; had no complaints on the laptops display.you need to see it before you buy .

-1
fulfills my expectations .
screen could be better is my only complaint.easy to use and travel with .
have been able to connect to internet wherever i am .
fast and dependable .
would recommend especially if screen were better .

-1
i ordered this computer on 1/2/2007 for $ 100 less than the present price .
i just received a notice that the shipping will be delayed from 1/16/2007 to 1/15/2008 .
should i expect a 1 year delay to have the item for the original price or pay $ 100 extra to have it delivered within a few days ?
this does not seem a proper business behavior to me .

-1
i bought this computer in november 2006 .
after a few weeks it started acting sluggish and i had a lot of problems with programs loading .
this continued until it finally crashed in january 2007.it got down to the fact that the hard drive was bad , there was some sort of electrical issue inside the computer .
i had to have the hard drive replaced with a brand that was not hp and reinstalled all the original things from it .
there is still an issue with it running properly if it is cold .
if its not warm/hot it wont load programs right.i didnt think about the warranty because the computers i have had in the past were made by somebody i knew and didnt have anything like that .
so i am sure that is voided by having had someone work on it .
i realize it is my own fault for the money i spent afterward , i should have sent it back to hp .
but the bottom line i guess is that i should n't even have to worry about that sort of thing with a computer that is only a few months old.since the 'rebuild ' i havent really had too many problems , but norton 's is preinstalled on it , so if you want a different antivirus beware of that fact .
i have had issues with that also , but that is for a different post.the keyboard is one of the worst ones i have had to deal with even on a laptop .
the left shift key is useless most of the time unless i overextend my pinkey to hit the outside of it .
terribly annoying.it isnt really that responsive to programs at times .
it 's like it has nappy times ( i dont have hibernate or anything turned on ) and has to slowly wake itself up before it will work with you.if i had to do over , i would just spend a bit more and get a dell.anyone who thinks computers do n't have personalities may want to think that over if they get one of these .
its been a stubborn old bear and usually wins the battle .

-1
i rated it 1 star because it wo n't allow me to rate it lower than that .
i got what i paid for .
got it last nov , less than one year .
it ca n't power up anymore .
never see this in any other laptops i have used .
wait , this is not all .
i am not the only one whose is busted .
my friend followed my footstep and bought the same model around the same time .
guess what ?
you got it , same problem .
wont power on .
mother board busted .
mine is on its way to fremont now for repair .
i am sure it 's mother board problem as well .
this really changed my view about hp products .
thanks a lot !
regret that i recommended to my friends , so i am posting this message here for you to not fall for it .

-1
i was too poor to pay for an expensive computer and too impatient to wait for a dell to be delivered , so i bought a compaq presario .
it was one of the worst choices i 've ever made .
the computer is slow , slow , slow -- and right after the guarantee expired , everything that could go wrong , did .
first , my keyboard started having trouble , and one entire line of the keyboard died : so i had no ` 9 , ' ` o , ' ` l ' or periods.then the computer stopped charging .
first i thought it was the charger , so i got a new one .
nothing .
then i was told it was the battery .
i got a new one .
still not working .
so now i have a computer that has no power , all my information is stuck in my dead laptop , and i have made a resolution to never , ever , buy any product from compaq .

-1
when i tried to turn it on it beeped 4 times and never turned on .
this is not a good product .
i will have to call warranty

-1
where do the problems begin ?
i had this computer for less than 5 months and it is horrible .
my mother board crashed , i have no sound , i have problems with the cd drive , i have problems with the power button , i have problems with the graphics card , my computer screen will randomly go black for no reason for a couple of minutes , and so on .
and , yes , i 've contacted hp support online and on the phone .
their support is horrible .
i was online for 4 hours trying to get my sound problem fixed !
!
they could n't fix it .
and they were also rude by ignoring some of my comments and were very unhelpful ( 3 hours to get the freaking manager , and i had to yell to get to him . )
i advise anybody considering a computer to say clear of any hp computer , or you might be the next one writing a similar review .

-1
i placed my order with elecsurf , hp pavillion noptebook , amd procesos tl-52,2gb , vista premium and then received and e-mail from them saying : '' new oem brown box .
quality tested hp dv9000 series laptop .
please note that the laptop comes with windows xp media center os ( vista ready ) .
we provide 7-day refund , and 90-day defective exchange gurantee ... . ''
also they offered windows vista premium , and thenm their order confirmation e-mail said that the notebook had installed windows xp but that is windows vista ready ?
?
they said in their order-confirmation e-mail ... '' we are honest so we have to say this '' .
if you are honest why dont you say your product conditions when announcing your product in amazon !
!
!
!
why you announced a different product from what you are able to deliver !
!
but you expect us to pay what you offerd to pay for right ?
?
such a waste of time !
!
!
careful , you probably are buying a new product but it is not covered by the normally expected manufacturer 's 1 -year-warranty !
!
!
!
i canceled my order of course .

-1
not too much to say .
faulty batch of hp laptops , two years later the motherboard crashed.seller did n't say it was a cto device .
config was inferior to the advertisement.my last hp device .
maybe i will stick with the printers .

-1
hiwhole dv9000 series is in trouble and are being recalled .
type dv9000 recall in google and see the results .

-1
i have tried to buy this product from express solutions twice , both times after a lengthy delay , they told me the product was unailable , however in the meantime my credit card had been charged.the credit card was refunded , however they caused much inconvenience , waiting for a product that in the end never showed up.they are a disgrace and should not be allowed to trade on amazon .

-1
amazon is a great company and have many great buys on line here , however hp buyer 's please be wary .
if you never have a problem with your computer , you will likely be happy .
however if you send it in for service , you may be in big trouble .
i sent mine in for a broken battery latch .
this , by the way , was extremely weak for the task of holding the battery in the housing .
however , the worst part is that i shipped it to hp under warranty .
hp service is now claiming that they shipped it back to me , however they can not give me a valid tracking number .
they say i should take my troubles to fed/ex .
ladies and gentlemen , i am out the cost of the computer as far as i can tell and hp is claiming no responsibility .
hp lost the computer .

-1
i bought this laptop in november 2008 .
it was great for a year .
a week ago , the nvidia graphics card was shot .
the card wired into the motherboard .
to replace it , you do for $ 800 .
to do it on your own , you buy the motherboard for $ 400 .
i do not think that this laptop worth anything.also , this same problem happened to one of my teammates .

-1
loved this laptop for the light weight , small size , and long battery life ( approx .
5 hours ) .
however , some serious problems are:1 .
screen goes blank at irregular intervals and can only be recovered with a computer restart ( reboot , or go into standby then back out ) ... yeah , it died on me while i was writing this review2 .
mouse pointer ( stick ) will at irregular times move the pointer to either top or top left corner of the screen even though no pressure at all is applied .
during this time it is almost impossible to use the mouse , so you have to wait for up to several minutes not using the mouse/pointer at all until the computer recovers from this problem3 .
two of the air vents for cooling fan are at the bottom of the laptop , so gets blocked very easily if you use this 'laptop ' on your 'lap ' .
that means that this is not a real 'laptop ' , just a 'notebook ' computer.4 .
cd tray pops out very easily .
should have feature where you hold the cd door release button for a couple of seconds before it pops outother minor complaints are that for this price , hp/compaq should include an integrated webcam and microphone .
audio and video conferencing over the internet is a popular application today , and if hp wants to stay competitive in the industry they need to pay attention to computer usage trends ( of course , the lack of these interfaces is in the specs , so i am 'not ' complaining about false advertisement ) .

-1
just search a lil bit online to discover the multitude of problems , recalls and abysmal experiences folks have had with this product .
from faulty wirelesss and video cards to recalled motherboards this computer is well hated .
i believe there is a class action against hp for knowingly offering defective devices .

-1
i purchased this notebook based on reviews from consumer reports stating that it was a good computer for the money .
i know that with every batch of products , there will be a few lemons , but i have had a ridiculous time with mine.within one week of purchase , the operating system crashed ( and by the way , toshiba only has driver support for vista , so if you want to install xp , good luck ) .
i had to call customer service to have them send a recovery disk since it does not come with the computer .
that was a hassle in and of itself .
they said i had not registered the computer , although i had a printout of the email that i received thanking me for registering the computer.after talking with several people , and going back and forth with them , i finally received the disk .
i reimaged the hard drive and reinstalled windows , it began to crash again within a few days .
long story short -- i have now sent it in for warranty repair three times and it is still not fixed .
not only that , if i had a dollar for every minute i spent on hold waiting to talk to their 'customer relations ' people , i would have a big pile of money.my advice -- if you are thinking about buying this laptop ( or any toshiba laptop , based on their technical support ) , i would think again .

-1
the video card in this computer is the nvidia geo 7600 and has a problem ( an online search will show the frustrations many are having ) .
this computer will only be functional until the video card fails , after that it is a large paperweight .
mine was in repair more than in use until the warranty expired , then it failed again .
there are some laptops that have replaceable video cards .
i will definitely purchase one of these next .

-1
i searched long and hard and am very upset with myself for eventually having selected this piece on junk.the 8210 complete series is , at best , a great idea .
however it was poorly executed .
you get the feeling that acer was more focused on meeting their financial targets at the expense of us the customers .
that 's the only logical reason that i could see why they would launch this unfinished , obviously untested excuse for a business class notebook .
please see the folowing reasons:1 .
tech support in any form is almost non-existent dispite the fact that acer boasts that their tech support center is based in the us and not outsourced like many of it 's competitors .
the best i have done so far is to receive a response to a query that i made on their support forum that proved that the person who responded either can not read or is a complete idiot .
by the way it came in weeks after i resolved the problem myself.the acer web site and by extension their support site is extremely sloooow .
i now actually use it as a example to my students of the importance of good after sales service and the negative effect is can have on future purchases.oh and by the way if you search for drivers for the 8210 you will find nothing .
this of course means that acer believes that the system is perfect.now for the machine itself : pros:1 .
it really is a very nice looking notebook.2 .
the drivers and utilities are stored on the hard drive and accessible in a neat quick access feature ... .
but it not well documented and what if the hard drive crashes.cons:1 .
the heat dissapation is on the right hand side of the unit smack dead bang where you would use an external right handed mouse .
great idea if you plan on barbecuing your hand.2 .
the machine hangs ever so often at boot up .
this seems to be a random occurrence and i simply can not pin it down to any specific action .
a cold reboot ( depressing the power button ) seems to fix it until it rears its ugly head again.3 .
it beeps like crazy on boot up almost like i have clicked something that is not allowed .
this is even before i touch the machine.4 .
the voip phone is a great idea but a joke in reality .
absolutely no advantage over my wired headset since it drops the call or sounds super fuzzy when i walk within a few feet away from my notebook.5 .
the acer vcm is a utility that supposedly makes it easy to pair bluetooth headsets including the acer voip phone to the notebook and allows you to easily switch between the bluetooth and the onboard speakers .
the shortcut keys do not work .
and the utility is missing an `` always on top '' feature that makes you think that it is still in beta.oh and it crashes constantly !
6 .
the camera is useless .
the quality is horrible and no where compared to a model like the quickcam pro by logitech .
hello !
!
for this to be value add it must at least meet the standards of the decent add on camera.7 .
everytime i reboot the system something different happens : the bluetooth is on/off ; the wireless is on/off ; the sound card is enabled/disabled .
there is no particular order.8 .
i have gotten over the shock that the screen is this old fashioned non-shiny flat type .
actually its better for business category .
however it 's way too dim to be used effectively in any area that has adequate lighting.9 .
the speakers are a little better than headphones and any attempts at playing music through them eventually equates to noise.10 .
the list is really endless ... take some advice and stay away !
!
stay very far away from this model !
!
i will not buy acer again !
!

-1
the product arrived almost a week late although i paid for 2nd day shipping .
the box with the laptop had large lettering on the outside indicating that computer equiptment was inside and the box was left in the open on my front porch .
laptop could have been stolen.a neighbor saw the package and held it for me.i tried to track the package and found this very difficult .
the vendor 's customer service department said that if i had ordered directly from them the shipping would have been faster.a nerve wracking purchase not knowing when the laptop would arrive although i paid for 2nd day delivery and the package arrived almost a week later.do n't think i 'll buy an important/expensive item through amazon again.the laptop is working fine so far but it could have been stolen off of my door step.ps sony ships laptops next day and require a signature .

-1
the screen is soooo dim i can not read text .
i had a d 600 for 9 years .
my unit was trashed by an exceptionally visous person .
i know what it should look like and my computer tech agrees with my accesment .
the fact that i am visually impaired dose not limit use of all other computer .
i bouught one in 1979 - 10 meg - $ 27,000 ; one in 1982 $ 3,500 ; one in 1983 $ 5,000 ( with printer ) ; one in 2000 $ 2,300 ; one in 1998 $ 2,300 [ dell 600 ] ; 2001 $ 4,000 [ really loaded ] .
i know what a screen should look like .
every computer , some monochrome , i have owned is aproximately 10 times better than this defective unit !

-1
consumer beware , avoid sony vaios at all costs !
i 've owned my vaio tx770p for about 2-3 yrs now , purchased new from fry 's , and it has been nothing but trouble .
another friend of mine has the same model with similar variously documented problems ( do a google search , i.e power jack coming loose , dvd burner malfunction , etc. )
.
it 's horribly constructed with constant breakdowns and issues .
the people that handle the extended warranty ( bought through the official sonystyle website ) are a pain in the a** .
my ex had a fujitsu p-series lifebook and never had to justify any reason for repairs under the extended warranty .
i have to constantly explain why i need a repair , for example , for some reason the vaio logo on top of the lid burned through to my screen , even with a screensaver functioning ; however , it is not replaceable under warranty from wear and tear but must be accidentaly dropped .
i finally got a technician to come and replace the dvd-burner last year , but since the screen is a third claim i must send the computer in for service and loose 7-10 business days of productivity .
i did not pay over usd $ 3500 to be hassled by asinine warranty regulations and shody construction .
after spending that much money , you can be certain i did not manhandle the computer ; however , after speaking with tech support maybe i should throw the darn thing against the wall more often just to be able to get it repaired .
sorry for venting , but i would n't recommend sony computers to anyone after this experience .

-1
i had the same problem as the previous negative comment , poor customer service , cronic unit failure and un-responsive customer service .
i call corporate headquarters in an attempt to resolve the issue for three weeks , without the courtesy of a reply .
buy any other machine !
i am currenlt writing this on the third unit and it heat fails about every 20 minutes .
terrible customer service - probably because they are overwhelmed supporting a terrible product .
buy something else - please !

-1
we bought a gateway and windows got hosed for some reason .
we called 1-800-gateway for support .
guess what ?
if you buy a gateway anywhere but their website you must call a separate toll number .
wtf !
?
then we needed to restore it but the restore partition was bad .
had to get the recovery disk .
they charged me $ 20 for a $ 1 cd-r. then it would n't work , and they wanted to charge me to tell me how to use it .
again wtf ?
these people are horrible .
save yourself a lot of trouble and get a mac .
get hp .
get an abacus .
anything but gateway .

-1
decent condition everything else worked fine but dont tell me its refurbished and in great condition when its partially broken

-1
i was so excited that i saved up enough money to buy a new computer since my old one was broken for over a year .
i did n't have the money to buy a new computer so i went used which i figured was better then nothing .
i was hoping to start school again now having a laptop that works and to use for everyday essentials but the discription for this computer was not as accurate .
i know it is used and obviously wo n't be in brand new condition but i did n't know the battery sucked and the top of the computer ( screen part ) was so unstable .
i can not have the laptop unplugged for more then 15 minutes without needing the plug to charge the computer because the battery sucks and will say it is charged most of the way when 2 minutes later can be on 10 % .
the top of the computer where the screen is , is not the sturdiest and it bugs me i did n't know about these details when trying to find the most accurate price for a decent computer in better condition .
i 'm very disappointed and will not buy another used computer again .

-1
laptop came with a broken dvd drive and headphone jack worked sometimes .
returned for refund and it to ship properly with insurance it cost me $ 80.00 to return .
expensive experience do not purchase refurbished from this company .
have purchased 2 refurbished directly from apple and they work great .

-1
i frankly do n't have a review of this laptop because the screen did n't work even after we spent several hours attempting the recommended fixes .
eventually , i went to the apple store in the glendale galleria .
the people there were fabulous : professional , helpful and ready to help .
i understand that this apple laptop has a problem with the screen .
they should stop selling it to unsuspecting customers who then have to suffer through several fixes , which may or may not work.spending $ 1,200 for an item should provide you with a superior product ; not one that the company knows has a problem that will need fixing .

-1
i 've been an everyday computer user since the 80s and have always , until now loved macintosh .
i have not always had them , for example because i use computers issued by my workplace , but when possible mac 's what i 've had off and on over the years .
about a year ago i bought a macbook and applecare protection plan as a gift for my college-bound son .
the computer has not been troublesome until recently , although i found myself wondering why a $ 1300 ( plus plus plus ) macbook was any better than the $ 500 dell i use at work .
experience over the last month has soured me on ever buying another apple product ever .
the problem is in customer support .
the macbook broke down ( or was inadvertly damaged ) , which i thought would be a simple matter to diagnose , relate to the warranty , and correct ... even if not covered by the warranty .
the first trip by my college age son to the apple store produced advice from the apple technician to send it somewhere else due to expected delays and difficulties -- -better to pay someone else to fix it than to deal with apple ... despite having the expensive applecare extended service plan .
this without any real diagnosis of the problem .
so we took it to comp usa , listed on the apple website as an authorized apple repair center .
to make a long story short , comp usa completely fumbled after charging me $ 100 for data recovery , which it turned out can not be done with voiding the applecare warranty .
( the authorized technicians at comp usa were unaware of this . )
they never did the data recovery , and i had to return to the store and wait in a long line to get a refund .
it turned out that there is virtualy no provision for data recovery when macs go down ( perhaps it can be done by paying a minimum of $ 500 to an outside service ) .
okay , backing up is the customer responsibility .
after the computer sat in the authorized service center unrepaired and un-sent to apple for over a week , with the technician there lying that it had been `` sent to apple , '' i finally went to that store to pick it up .
i took the computer again to the apple store to drop it off to be sent for repair , only to find out that to drop off a malfunctioning computer requires an appointment -- -and they specify the time .
so now yet another trip to the apple store .
too bad if you 're supposed to be at work during all these trips .
counting that , a routine malfunction , still unresolved has caused me ( or my son ) five trips through heavy traffic to absolutely nowhere .
in the meantime , my son who needs the computer for college work , has been computerless for almost a month and counting .
everything about this experience has been stupid , rude , wasteful , and frustrating .
this from a company that charges a premium price for its products and absolutely needs customer loyalty .
whether the computer merely malfunctioned or has suffered trauma , i do not know .
i can live with either conclusion .
the point is with apple it has been impossible to even get anywhere on this problem despite extensive efforts .
i 'd suggest looking at other computers .

-1
we bought a macbook this spring and liked it so much we bought a 2nd for my son 's hs graduation 2 months ago .
both perform flawlessly .
however after only 2 months of normal use the lcd screen on my son 's mac has cracked .
apple quoted a base cost of $ 750 to replace -- more than 2/3rds of the original cost !
( actually , they said `` do n't fix ; buy a new unit . ''
) i was quick to blame my son for misuse , but now i 'm uncertain if that is fair .
i have found many blogs reporting the same fragile lcd cracks on macbooks , many which seemed to occur spontaniously .
apple , of course , claims misuse and will not warranty .
even the additional apple care warranty excludes lcd replacement .
perhaps the cover design inadequately protects the screen .
think twice .
or at least buy a hard snap on case which may provide some protection .

-1
the machine arrived in non-working condition : turns out the logic board needed to be replaced .
rather than return to amazon , i merely brought it to a local apple store since i was likely to get it back sooner than arrange for pickup and redelivery with amazon and obviously it was covered under warranty since it was non-functional out of the box .
this is n't a criticism of the machine which works well , but it was frustrating to receive a new machine that was broken .

-1
do not buy an acer unless you never need service-hah !
absolutely under no conditions buy acer , they do not service what they sell .

-1
acer is complete junk .
lots of stores are trying to push acer because of the really high margins they get compared to other brands of laptops and desktops .
i have had 2 acers quit in the last year and a half , with acer refusing to warranty either one .
the first , my laptop , ran so hot that it actually burned the palm of my hand , red burn mark and everything .
i called acer support who told me that 's normal .
well , i work at sybase and have used laptops at work exclusively for the last 8 years .
i know how hot laptops get , and third degree burns is not normal .
a month later , the laptop 's ac adapter fried .
again , acer support refused to do anything .
so , i bought a new ac adapter .
two weeks later , it fried also .
called back acer support telling them this was not normal .
`` i agree '' was the guys response , but since i was now one week past the one year warranty , `` too bad ! ''
they refuse to do anything even though my problems started well within the warranty period .
other problems with acer is their build quality .
check how much the keyboards flex , screen hinges wobble , etc .
do yourself a favor , stay away from acer .

-1
i have purchased two acer notebooks .
on the first , the lcd screen failed after about three months.the repair department was horrible to deal with , and ultimately would not repair their product.do not , i repeat do not buy an acer product unless you like dealing with failure .

-1
a nice loking piece of sheet !
may ask whay ?
the cooling fan of the cpu will fail after 9-10 monts of usage .
some korean junk sheet.second : is running on win xp 64 bites and most of the programs have a problem with this.thirt : will not last long on battery u nedd to use the power supply and this will fail as well 0n 12 monts , due overheating problems.is good only to impress the chiks with the looking of him , but that 's all ... ..i spend 3500 us plus repairs1000 us , that will tell u all abouth him.have purcase him from walmart/houston ... .same like other 3 crap ipads broken on 4 monts by hard drive failure !

-1
acer service is the absolute worst !
do not , do not , do not buy acer unless you love dealing with failure .

-1
i use to be an hp evangelist , it was the only pc i bought .
after the frustration i have had with the tx2000 i will never buy another .
this is especially true after reading the problem so many others have had .
there is even a petition with over 1,400 signatures : [ ... ] .
after awhile , the power comes on but all you get is a blank screen .
even when it was running it was terribly slow .

-1
terrible laptop .
dont buy it .
the screen went bad , even covered by warranty they refused to to recieve it .
they fix it once but never out of synthoms .
blue ray never worked properly.a waste of money .
ill never buy hp again .

-1
i bought this laptop off-the-shelf when my old laptop 's hinges broke .
i 'm an it guy - i have used lots of laptops , by lots of manufacturers , and this is hands-down the worst i 've encountered.contrary to what some reviewers have said , sony 's were not the most expensive laptops ; in fact , i talked myself into buying this one based largely on the price .
that was a mistake , for the reasons that follow.pros : - was available off the shelf with reasonable specs- uses mostly decent hardware- integrated webcam- quick setup out-of-the-box- reasonably impressive specs ( but comes with vista , which undoes much of that value ) cons : - keyboard is flaky ( one of my keys died after a year , others have problems and are dying , and nearly half of them have popped off randomly at least once ) - mouse pad is flaky ( often stops responding for a couple minutes ) - wifi card crashes a lot ( will refuse to turn on ; will turn on but not find any networks when i am right next to a router ; will find networks with good signals and not connect ; will connect but not send anything ) - hard drive is non-standard ( ca n't replace it with non-sony drives ) - hard drive is often very slow- battery life is terrible ( less than 1.5 hours at full power , less than 2 on power saver mode ) - whoever said it got 4 hours was either lucky , wrong , or using an upgraded battery- cd/dvd drive is *loud*- integrated speakers are terrible- integrated microphone is terrible , even by laptop standards- laptop gets *extremely* hot , even in standby .
i actually worry about it starting a fire ( this does happen ; a friend 's laptop ignited her coffee table in the middle of the night ; no defects were ever identified ) .- screen latch is badly placed and frequently flips up while i 'm using the computer- screen hinges seem weak and flaky ; they feel weaker every day , and i fully expect one or both to break in the near future.- screen design makes it impossible to hold the laptop in one arm when it 's closed ; no matter how you grip it or how lightly you hold it , you feel like you 're crushing or at least badly bending the screen ( because you are ) .- screen suffers random areas of burn-out where the backlight fails or becomes permanently and abnormally bright ( this happened almost immediately when i got it , for no apparent reasons ) .- ergonomics ?
awful .
the wrist area is extremely uncomfortable.- windows vista is wretched .
sure , it 's pretty , but it has major speed and stability issues ; performance is often lower than xp , which is why many manufacturers are continuing to offer xp , even though microsoft is trying to phase it out .
simple tasks like moving and copying files take forever .
the hardware demands are also tremendous.- too much pre-installed random software .
cleaning it up is a real chore.- shortcut keys ( mute , volume up and down ) randomly start and stop working - the mute key will often light up when pressed , but fail to mute the speakers , for example .
sometimes , they reverse their functions , and do the opposite of what they 're supposed to do.- screen brightness is too narrow a range .
i often ca n't get it bright enough in certain settings , but ca n't turn it down enough when working in dim light.given the chance to do it over again , i would happily pay a few hundred dollars more for a different manufacturer , even if it meant giving up a little on the specs .
this laptop is simply not worth the money , and after only 13 months of ownership i 'm already contemplating replacing it in the near future .

-1
i do n't know if it is the crippling windows vista or the sony vaio hardware ( despite it 's high specs ) , but this is a very slow computer and it gets worse as you use it .
sometimes it takes minutes for applications to operate ... they run on `` not working '' mode with that stupid circle ... .
and i got a bonus ... windows vista stopped working and it wo n't start now .
and bingo , vaio does n't provide you with any recovery cd ... and the recovery software does n't work at all ... really that 's just a joke .
that 's why i bought a mac book and am happy to jump out of microsoft 's tests on us .
i refuse to be a lab rat ... and sony ... well , also a brand that seems to belong to the past .
no service , low quality .
too bad .

-1
i have had nothing but problems with this laptop .
the dvd can not read half the discs that i put in it .
the audio does n't work .
there are all kinds of preinstalled programs on here that i ca n't uninstall .
to boot , the customer service is terrible .
i never had these problem by ibm .

-1
i bought the ar320 over a year ago and have had nothing but problems from day one .
the keyboard had to be replaced twice , replaced the processor and finally the motherboard .
it worked ok for a few months and i went to turn on yesterday and it would not power up .
sony tech support is a waste of time .
windows vista is a joke .
i regret the day i went with a sony .
i totaly bought a lemon and i now own a $ 1800 paperweight .

-1
this is a horrible laptop .
looks good and sleek , but is a piece of junk .
my hard disk crashed twice .
first time was within two months of purchase in last may .
it crashed again today , and have just now got off the call with sony support .
need to send the laptop to get the disk replaced .
thankfully it is still under waranty .
never buy a sony laptop .
they are over priced and not at all reliable .
also this model heats up real bad , tat you cant place it on your lap after half hour of use .
also the attery drains of in little more than 2 hours .
it could probably be because of vista , but i am totally disappointed .

-1
compared to the sony vaio vgn-s360 series , which was a light , elegant , wonderful machine , and is now out of production , the vgn-c250 is a major disappointment .
larger in every dimension except for screen size , the vgn-c250 is also significantly heavier than the vgn-s360 which it replaces .
do n't attempt to carry it in a brief case , you will want a backpack to move it around .
the machine is also power hungry .
as you work on your lap the amount of heat transferred into your thighs is noticeably higher .
not only is the machine fatter , but the charger is about one third bigger than the battery charger on the vgn-s360 .
this is another reason to go for the backpack if you have the misfortune to own a vgn-c250 .
failing in almost every catagory compared to the earlier wonderful vaio vgn-s360 , ergonomics too are awful .
this is perhaps the most worst mistake the designers made .
the edge of the case in front of the keyboard is sharp and cuts off the circulation in your wrists .
by comparison the vgn-s360 was gently radiused .
in summary the discontinued vgn-s360 was light , slim , stylish and a joy to use .
this machine is a fat , brick of electronics that is progressively more annoying the longer that you use it .

-1
watch out the lcd quality for sonay vaio sz series .
a great amount of people purchasing sz 4xx in taiwan have encountered same problem : the new technology causes multiple thick , visible vertical `` bars '' on the screen .
check here to see what i mean : [ ... ] click on the 5th link from the top or the 2nd link above the red text , and you 'll see a picture taken by a sz owner .
if your sz screen looks like this , it is defective.some of these sony customers have contacted sony and the response they 've got is `` it is not considered defective '' .
well , it should be , especially for a notebook at this price.i purchased sz 360 in u.s. and unfortunately this model has same problem .
i contacted the u.s. sony and they gave me same answer.it is obvious that sony has adopted inferior parts in their production process .
i was hoping sony will listen to customers ' complains and strive to increase their qa once again .

-1
not only is sony the worst customer support on the planet , unless you are japanese , they suck at laptops4 days old my wireless lan has failed and the answer i got from the customer support is to buy a pcmcia wireless adapter or plug in a 10bt cable , if i want to get the wirelss repaired it will take 8 to 10 weeks .
it would be better to not buy sony

-1
the sz430n seemed to have all the power and features i wanted .
it is pretty too .
cost=top dollar .
now that i 've owned it for exactly 1 year , it has had the touch-pad replaced twice and is now back with sony for replacement of the display that died this week .
the only good thing i can say about this laptop is that the warranty has covered the repairs .
now the warranty has expired .
with the next failure it goes in the trash where it will join my old sony desktop that has had so many parts that failed , i ca n't keep track.if you are thinking about buying a sony , consider other brands .
if you buy sony be sure to keep your files backed up because it will fail and you will lose your data .

-1
i purchased the sony vaio vgn-sz430n in the summer of 2007 .
it was one of the very few ultraportable 13.3 '' laptops that boasted such high specs , such as the core 2 duo t7200 processor , accommodating hard drive , adequate ram , and separate video accelerator .
i expected my investment to last at the very least , two years .
after one year , the fragile 2.5 '' hard drive failed me ( during finals week no less ) .
i had n't put the machine through any particular rigors , but i had bought it with it 's small footprint and light weight in mind to use in class to take notes with .
apparently simply picking up and setting down a notebook intended and marketed as being `` thin & light/ultraportable '' was way too much for it to handle.not only that , but the 2.0 ghz core 2 duo processor and video processor severely underwhelmed in terms of stability , lack of crashes , and power .
i would n't be at all surprised to open up the case and see a barebones budget processor and lackluster video card under the hood .
battery life is pretty poor ( it did n't last even 1h 30m many times from a full charge ) , and the screen could have been better .
sony 's tech support was tepid ; i received feedback relatively quickly , but by no means at all did they attempt to vouch for their ( at the time of purchase ) flagship portable notebook .
since the hard drive broke after 12 months of purchase , even by a few weeks , it was out of warranty and i was charged for a new hard drive and repair work.at the time of writing , the hard drive ( replaced by sony at their california repair station ) has broke again .
extremely disappointed by their product , service , and marketing .
the past year , the laptop has left it 's desk approximately two dozen times , barely any travel at all .
despite this , it 's a very loud notebook and as others have said , it runs very , very hot at times .
considering using this machine 's last days as a hot plate for frying eggs and warming breakfast .
other possibilities : ultraportable hand warmer during those chillier winter evenings .
perhaps sony should take a hint from some of their competitors on how to properly manufacture a laptop , instead of focusing on extraneous bonuses like fingerprint readers , wwan , and eye-catching designs .
all show , no go .

-1
i bought this about a year ago for $ 1500 including 2 years of warranty support.. this notebook looks good and is light weight but right from the start it occasionally used to hang and then suddenly some days back it started getting heated up.. i called up tech support and they gave me a shock saying my warranty does n't cover it and it can not be repaired !
!
!
support sucked big time !
just to transfer my warranty information from sonystyle to sony it took about a week !
my friends who have bought sony notebook also have faced some problem or the other and had warned me not to buy sony notebook but i was just carried away with the looks and features..i ended up buying a new lenovo notebook.. hopefully i wo n't get any problem with this one !
i will not recommend this sony notebook and will tell you to stay away from it.. i would rate my previous dell laptop better than this sony notebook which is a junk for me now !

-1
i was taken in by the sleek carbon based cover and thin design of this computer , along with the `` promise '' of `` vista business '' software making my computing experience a great one .
boy what a mistake .
i had a vaio computer with xp prior to this purchase and it was a good computer ownership experience .
this computer is by far , the worst combination of software , support , and hardware ( especially at the price ) , i 've ever endured .
i have many times tried to get support to fix the plethora of problems , from bluetooth inoperability , wireless problems , start up times , dual display presentation issues , native display issues , stand by issues , batter depletion , and so much more .
i have nothing against sony , except , they released drivers for xp , shortly after launching this model , because they full-well knew how much trouble this hardware/software combination really was .
but , what turned me away from sony , is the fact that they wanted to charge me to `` downgrade '' to xp , just to get a computer that works.i have come close to rage using this computer and would never recommend it .
i tried so hard , and for soooo many parts of days to get it to simply work that i would tremble from frustration .
i needed a computer for work , and this `` review '' may sound `` whack '' , but i 'm simply conveying my feelings about my ownership experience , and sony 's `` support '' of a bad , very bad computer.had i had more time when initially owning this computer , i would have fought with them tooth and nail to replace it .
but they know people do n't have time , or the resources most of the time for this .
and they got me , but , i will never ever buy another sony computer .
they got me , but only once .

-1
the unit takes an average of twenty minutes to boot up with many of the start-up programs already blocked off and very little information on the hard drive .
no music , very few pictures and only a few documents .
( 43.9gb free space ) my family uses roadrunner broadband to connect to the internet .
my own antiquated toshiba laptop , which has only 40 gb hard drive capacity , runs well from internet site to internet site while this brand new hp runs like it is on dial-up rather than broadband .
slow , slower and slowest .
after three attempts with hp technical support , ( many of whom do not speak the english language in a manner in which it can be easily understood ) , it was explained to me that the reason for the sluggish operation was due to the fact that vista has a much larger operating system than xp and in order for it to run at a satisfactory speed more ram is required in the memory module than the basic 512mb that came with the notebook.now if the machine comes loaded with windows vista and is sold by hp would n't it be reasonable to assume that the product would have the acceptable ram to adequately handle the operating system the customer is being `` forced '' to use ?
it is mind boggling to be told that in order for the machine to run properly the customer has to upgrade the memory module and shell out extra dollars in order to do so !
!
!

-1
i do n't know if it the 512 mb of ram or windows vista - but this laptop is slow .
the windows vista environment is tough to get used to .
the pc was supposed to come with a 60 trial key for ms office - but it did n't .
it took a lot of extra effort to obtain the key directly from microsoft .
i recommend that you wait for microsoft to work the bugs out of vista .
i also recommend that you get a laptop with more memory .

-1
poor/sluggish performance even after upgrading memory to 2gb.takes quite a bit of time to boot up/down.does not respond well to automatic windows updatesdo not try to upgrade to windows vista home premium !
!
i tried and the computer is completely unusable !
common/expected functionality non-existant !
hp support not available after upgrade !

-1
my brother and i bought four ( 4 ) of these about eighteen ( 18 ) months ago .
today all are broken in some fashion .
these laptops are not durable and will not survive even normal use .
additionally they suffer from inferior motherboards and have a common overheating problem .
here is a summary of issues we have had:1 ) keyboard keys fall off : every one of the four laptops lost keys within the first six months .
one of the cheapest keyboards i have ever used .
they say the keys are easily snapped back on but they are not .
once a key pops off , it stays off .
you will need a replacement keypad ( check ebay , they sell lots of them ( hmm ... wonder why ? )
) .2 ) screen issues : one laptop had broken screen hinges , one has dead pixels , and one has a broken screen from rough handling ( ok maybe this one not all their fault ) .3 ) broken power supplies : the adapters have cords that break and split easily .
have gone though six of them to date .
the first three were free because of warranty from our four different computers , but now they refuse to send more so we have to buy them .
maybe not so bad , i might be able to something that wo n't break so easily.4 ) motherboard overheating : bad parts in some motherboards cause overheating that frys components on the board .
one of our computers is dead from this so we cannibalized it to keep the others going longer ( screen to one , keyboard to another , adapter to a third ( you get the idea ) .todate of the original four , we have only one that is still usable .
what a dissapointment .
you would figure compaq products would last.good luck with yours .

-1
this was a great machine when it ran .
do yourself a favor and do some research on this and the dv series laptops .
for starters look up dv9000 hinge crack problem .
a lot of these laptops crack on the left hand side and the display becomes very difficult to open .
in fact many pieces of broken plastic will come out every time you open the lid once it starts .
the best part is that this should happen after your warranty is out and hp is not acknowledging that it is a problem .
however it is a problem , yours .
but thats not even the best part .
the video cards and motherboards are going out on a lot of these and they have a recall out on many of them .
but guess what ?
not this model and thats what happened to me .
hp customer service has been terrible and there lack of taking responsibility for these is terrible .
but do n't take my word for it , do some research on these laptops and hp 's service and make your own choice .

-1
tthe hp pavillion dv 9000 series has a serious problem with the left hinge breaking under normal use !
i have a dv9207us and i left it on my stand and hardly closed it .
it was never abused or dropped .
it broke under normal usage .
i looked it up on search enginge and found several buers have had this problem .
hp denies this happens .
i will never buy another hp computer or product .
i have had several hp computers for my business and home .
the will never see me againron la susa

-1
i ordered my new dv9230us with high hopes from amazon on 2/7/07 , received it on 2/9/07 and put it in an official hp authorized repair shop at circuit city on 02/11/07 where it has been to date !
the problem is that the intel pro wireless lan 3945abg works intermittently .
the repair shop replaced the wi-fi card and the computer still does the same thing .
the repair shop repairman advised me that the motherboard interface with the wi-fi card is defective and he will now ship the computer to an official hp repair facility .
i requested a new computer or my money back but hp has not responded .
i ca n't find out amazon 's return policy for returning a defective computer on their website and a telephone contact number is also elusive ?
so here i sit with my new computer in the shop and my money gone and have no idea when or what the outcome will be .

-1
i have had nothing but problems with the battery used on this laptop .
hp gave me the run around about it until i was no longer able to return it for a replacement .

-1
well i thought i might get my son a new laptop for christmas , bought this from amazon and have had nothing but grief since .
no follow up to my e-mails asking for an explanation as to why , when sold as `` new '' i checked the serial number for warranty only to find a `` refurbished '' sticker on the bottom of the unit and `` 3 months '' warranty .
the wireless has never worked and i have had to reload the system 5 times.never again .
and be aware of the supplier

-1
do not ever buy anything from hp .
yeah , i 'd heard that before , but figured it was from really impatient or picky people .
not true .
i 'm a pretty easy-going person , but i 've lost it with hp .
to make a very long story short , my 4 month old laptop was a lemon and they did ( to their credit ) replace it .
however , they `` updated '' it to windows vista instead of xp , and now it is totally useless to me as it does n't work with my work network .
furthermore , they refuse to send me an xp disk to fix the problem and wo n't refund my money .
so now i have a worthless $ 1000 piece of junk .

-1
i bought this model laptop in february of 2007 .
in november of 2007 , the screen split in two .
i called hp who initially refused to repair it under warranty .
after much hassle , they agreed it was under warranty and repaired it .
now , in november of 2008 , the video card has gone out .
again , hp is refusing the repair , and we have gotten a quote of $ 800 to repair it .
a laptop of less than two years old and it is worthless .

-1
i had high hopes for this hp laptop .
in the past , i had had good experiences with hp computers , and this one had pretty good reviews and looked beautiful .
however , this one has been horrible , for one `` small '' reason -- the power jack is bad.let me be clear : we used this laptop as a stationary desktop ( takes up less room ) so we never moved it .
never .
it sat in the same place , and yet still the power jack stopped making the connection to the laptop , so it stopped charging .
it got to where we had to jiggle it and turn it just so , until we saw the blue led light and saw the battery indicator show it was charging.the jack never felt like it was totally pushed in , from day one , but it got really bad after about 2 months.since it 's under warranty , hp took it back , and i am hopeful it will be fixed ; however , looking at many computer forums where people sent their hp laptops in 3 , 4 , 5 times and more , i am not hopeful.a brand-new computer should work right out of the box !
you should n't have to send it back after only 2 months of extraordinary gentle use !
stay away from hp until they acknowledge this design problem and stop making laptops like this !

-1
did not look like the pic .
it was old an worked one week .
i did call an they did replace for free

-1
i bought this product from a seller on here in feb. 2010 , and i have to say i hate it !
there were several problems , first the laptop i was sent the first time was defective .
the battery would not hold a charge and the actual computer would not run on the power cord .
second , i was sent a whole new laptop , quickly , i might add , and the charger for the laptop was a different brand and would not work with the computer i purchased .
so instead of waiting for a new one , i just went and bought one from walmart .
no big deal .
after that the only problem i had was that the pointer moves on its own all the time and gets frozen in certain places , then it takes forever for it to come back .
it happens a lot when i type .
now the main problem i am having , which is a big problem !
!
the computer is falling apart , i literally had to glue a few parts together !
!
no joke !
sometimes parts just pop right off !
so in closing , if it looks to good to be true , it most likely is !
!
pay another hundred bucks and buy something that will last , instead of buying something cheap that will fall apart in no time !
!

-1
i ordered this item on 2/18 , i have heard only excuses as to why the product is not in my possesion ... .but they have had the money since 2/20 .
i will never reccomend this seller to anyone !

-1
it is now a paper weight !
it overheated after 30 minutes of use and now it does n't turn on .
this was a waste of money !

-1
i have yet to received this product , i have written to both amazon and the company and have yet to received this product .
it was a christmas gift for my granddaughter and she has been out of a gift because of this order .
my next step is to report this incident to the better business bureau to see if i can either get my product or my money .
they have left me no choice .

-1
the computer bought ... came defective .
the keyboard does not work type signs rare and do not serve the numbers.since the keyboard could not write , to with lowercase uppercase type.i went the technician to repair , but i have not managed to solve the problem.very bad purchase ... bad ... poor .

-1
this is an ad for a freaking hinge .
i am very irate .
do n't buy this piece of sh.t .

-1
my son 's christmas ruined because of you where is my computer i will not give you guys a good review until you give me my laptop !
!
!
pronto !
!
!

-1
i orderedy laptop about a month ago .
i 'm still waiting .
today i looked at my email and it said i did n't order it .
it still took my money and now i get no laptop .
i ordered it again a few minutes ago .

-1
when i received the dell laptop i discovered the software it has was ending and obsolete within a few days .
it did not have any storage available to update latest software .
every time i tried to fix and correct errors more popped up .
it has been a nightmare .
it did not come with a ac adapter/battery charger that was written as included .
i do not think i would buy from that company again .

-1
way too slow to start can not move the cursor its like i bought a worthless box about to return it

-1
first of all i bought two of these computers and within the first month i returned one of them because it could n't connect to wifi .
now i had to buy a new computer because all of the keys starting falling off by them-self .
also , the operating system is xp which is no longer supported by windows anymore so your personal information can easily get hacked !
!
be aware and do n't buy this computer !
!
!

-1
the product is not working good .
backspace key is missing .
i 'm very surprised about this matter .
how you can sell a bad product to a customer .
i am very desapointed .
i already send the product back and i 'm waitting for my reemboursment include the cost of the shipping i already spend .

-1
this was the worst computer i have ever boughten !
i could n't configurate it on the day i bought it .
it was so fragile .
the dvd drive was broken and looked like it had been glued together .
if you tilted it the drive would fall out !
the screen cracked the next day when i sat it `` gently '' on the table .
im so displeased with this computer .
i 'm not even going to return it , for fear that someone will glue it together and sell it to another innocent consumer .
very poor quality .
i might report this site to yahoonews so that the world can know that it is a scam .
you can keep your measly $ 200 , amazon .

-1
i put up with my first dell latitude d600 for about a year before finally just throwing it away .
after maybe 3 months of owning it , at least 6 of the keys fell off , the battery stopped working , and i was not able to pick up wireless connections .
it died three times during the time period that i owned it , and after replacing the hard drive twice and the fan once , i realized that it just was n't worth trying to `` fix '' anymore.unfortunately , i received the exact same model of laptop as a gift after my previous one died .
this confirmed my belief that this model is an absolute piece of crap .
i have owned it less than a year , and the battery does not work , the power cord falls out all the time , a key has fallen off , and i have already had it sent off twice for repairs on the hard drive .
recently , it physically fell into two pieces ; the screen just detached from the keyboard and now it 's utterly useless and will not turn on.i handled these laptops responsibly .
they always sat either on my desk or on my lap and i never took them out of my home .
i used them mostly for surfing the net and photo-editing , rarely downloaded anything , and did not clog it up with loads of pictures and music ( it could only handle about 10 folders of music before being completely full anyway ) .
if you want a laptop that falls apart and constantly breaks from normal use , then this is the one for you .

-1
since i have n't received the product , it is difficult for me to review it .
this is a problem with the seller , obviously , rather than the laptop itself .

-1
i 'm not pleased at all , laptop shuts of every 5minutes .
now i have to spend additional $ 15.00 to ship it back i 'm dissapointed .
i want my $ $ $ back .

-1
had it not even a month and it stooped working i was real mad and dint wan na spend more money on a old laptop .
very dissatisfied

-1
i order a $ 153.oo computer from this company on dec 2 , they took my money from my account .
it is jan 2 and i have yet to recieve my computer .
they have also changed their company name from 5 stars llc .
to radaration since i sent my first email .
beware !

-1
i i am very displeased with my purchase the computer has multiple viruses and freezes so many times it 's basically just collecting dust on a table because i can not use it i will not be buying any more laptops or computers from amazon i wish i knew how i could send it back and get my money back

-1
i was not happy with my purchase .
i only had gotten to use it three short times .
then the item refused to come on and when it did it went right back off .
i am very disappointed .
not only did i pay for a product that did n't work good .
the company had me pay my own postage to send it back and only gave me a week to send it back when amazon said up to 14 days.it got there on the 9th now lets see what they have to say about my refund .

-1
the internet connection did not work properly neither the wireless connection .
the top of the computer had some scratches .
some keyboard letters were falling off .

-1
i am totaly dissatisfied by the product recently purchased .
the discreption was given about the product on the web is n't much after i purchased it .
i purchased the laptop for my brother lives in africa , so i sent the laptop to him as soon as i received .
he said the laptop does n't work at all .
i used to trust amazon very well .
i purchased many products before , everything was accurate .
if i had the product with me , i would have returned .
i advised the company to put the correct information about the product to avoid lose of customer.thanks , mulugeta damamo

-1
i paid for a 1.6 ghz laptop but recieved a 585 mhz laptop and no restore cd was enclosed as promised .

-1
dell latitude d620-1.66 laptop wireless computer ( refurbished ) i got this computer from tampa laptops thru amazon.well dont let the stars fool you after a month the computer quit working and i talked to tampa laptops and we had to send it back another $ 50.down the drain well another month and it is not working and they want even talk to me on the phone after i told them who i was i got the i will call you back and they never did !
!
!
so fyi do not buy a computer from them and buy the way i did not know about amazon a-z where you could file a claim untill now and that is what i found out a-z out of luck !
!
!
!
!
save your money and buy one from walmart !
!
you will be better off !
!
!
and by the way i tried to take back the feedback that i gave them after ten days and amazon want let me do that so i am doing this review to help someone !
!
!
!

-1
so excited to be able to send this as a gift and it worked maybe an hour and died ... .their going to replace it or the battery or whatever it is which iam pleased ... .but i just wish it would have worked ... i bought it as a christmas gift for my daughter she was so surprised ... well any way hopefully she gets it returned in time before the warranty dies ... .

-1
we purchased a used dell laptop on 11/27/10 for 204.00 and all we had was trouble with it .it was covered with scatches & dents , the mouse did n't work properly , the screen was so dim you could hardly see what your working on.so i ran the recovery disk that was provided to fix the problem 's and the computer froze up solid.my 14 year old daughter was then without a christmas gift .
i just do n't think it is fair that this happened.anyway i scrambled into action and purchased a new acer netbook for her as this was all i could afford.it was n't what she wanted so her xmass was wrecked !
to top it off i 've yet to recieve a refund & i 'm stuck with a spare battery & cable for 30 bucks.thats a total of 234.00.with the 300 i spent + 234 i lost i could have made her day.instead i was the rat.i will never buy from discount 18 again.robert fletcher : as of 12/27/10 i 'm still waiting for a refund .

-1
bought for my daughter who mainly watched utube videos did not use on daily basis and quit working after 5 months .

-1
the seller was not very customer friendly .
the computer does not work well and when i explained this to the seller he/she said they would only refund me only half of my money and i would have to pay to have the item shipped back .
it was just not worth the hassle .
my loss .
you live and you learn .
ne mindful of who you do business with .

-1
i ordered a dell inspiron laptop 1 1/2 years ago and it worked great until recently .
the screen went black and the system would not start .
turned out that the video card had failed.i contacted dell customer support to activate my next business day warranty and after more than a week i have gotten nowhere with them .
my claim has been `` escalated '' twice with the same excuses and refusal to fix the problem .
they claim they have no video cards in stock and i will have to wait 2-3 weeks for a replacement card , 2-3 weeks for a loaner system , or 2-3 weeks for a replacement system -- basically my next day warranty is anything but.i explained that this is a mission critical system and a 2-3 week delay is unacceptable given the high price i paid for the next day warranty .
i offered to take another make or model of graphics card and even offered to go buy the card myself if the agreed to pay for it.they refused to help in any way .
so , i am left with a useless laptop for 2-3 weeks until it becomes convenient for them to honor the warranty .
i will never buy another dell product again and recommend that others who are not technically experienced with fixing computers or that need a `` mission critical '' system that they look elsewhere because dell can not be relied upon to fix broken systems in a timely manner .

-1
this computer sucks , the dvd drive does not work , i had to buy a special internet card plus an ethernet cable to get the internet to work , it does not have wifi and now the computer wont even turn on , it flashes a blue screen then keeps starting over .
it does this repeatedly .
i tried to have someone fix it , but it would not even open in safe mode .

-1
this was a refurbished laptop that i had to return .
it did not hold a charge and had many technical problems .
most likely a corrupt operating system .

-1
what a piece of crap from laptop4u .
a rebuilt dell latitude d610 .
the charging system stopped working and is now dead .
i should have read the 7 day warrenty notice but i guessed i missed it for i would not have gotten the computer knowing that .
i will never buy anything from this company again .
it must be run out of a storage room.dell latitude d610-1.73 laptop wireless computer ( refurbished ) good luck to all the others who got one there.d

-1
all of the webs i go to facebook ' ebay so on ' it wo n't let you on them `` it well say unsafe web not knew web '

-1
horrible works good when you first get it but after a month dosnt even work , cant boot cant turn on have the time .
it also runs very slow.and do not buy this laptop ever .

-1
the machine only worked for 2 weeks and then the arrow went out of control and i could not stop it anywhere .
we took it to a tech and he worked on it or over an hour and then gave up .
he said the unit was too old and would not pay to try to get it fixed .
so we realized these things do not come with a guarantee so another lesson learned.mrs .
wendell ( jean ) larson

-1
we bought this for our daughter who 's going to college this summer .
it was to have all the bells and whistles so nothing was needed ... she opened on christmas morning and could n't connet to the internet , could n't listen to music and could n't watch a dvd .
we will now have to pay just as much to get it up to speed as it was to buy the computer in the first place .
very sad considering it took all we had to get this for her !
one income house hold and 6 kds to buy for , getting a laptop at a discount was a dream and as dreams do , they disappear .

-1
i bought this laptop believing that toshiba would stand by its product .
six months after the one year warranty expired , the screen began to form thin lines .
toshiba said it wanted $ 450 to send in the computer and another $ 250 to replace the screen .
i will never buy another toshiba product and suggest you do n't either .

-1
do not buy this machine .
it does not run the new aeors features despite having the required memory and vista premium o/s .
it has the wrong graphic card .
no where does toshiba tell you this .
do not buy it .

-1
i have owned about 8 laptops in my life and this is definately the worst one .
i bought it with vista and loaded nothing on but ms office .
these programs , and even the internet exporer that was already loaded are barely functional .
there are so many bugs , especially with the touchpad .
it is running at nearly 100 % cpu much of the time even though i am not doing anything , and it crashes several times per day .
i thought it was a vista problem but last week i bought a new sony vaio with vista and it works brilliantly .
i now have an expensive doorstop and will never buy another toshiba product .
unfortunately i bought two toshibas at the same time , this one and another higher end model , which is also now just sitting there in the corner since it also barely works

-1
i purchased this pc to use as my working laptop as i travel around to universities .
i charge by the hour for my services , so the goal is to have a pc that is a tool for my trade.i estimate i have spent over 100 hours of personal and business time in the last year just trying to get this thing to work .
it has also been in the shop twice .
i am on my second hard drive and that one is beginning to fail .
i find i must run task manager to monitor for programs that are not responding .
( many times , task manager has itself responded with `` not responding '' ) the cpu and hard drive seem to be under a heavy workload even when nothing is running .
i spent many hours reviewing the services and eliminating those that are unnecessary but that has not helped.i upgraded the ram to 2meg , but that did not seem to help much.i wiped the hard drive clean and reinstalled all software .
that did not help either.my first car was a vw bug .
i traveled with a tool-box just to be sure i would get from point a to point b and quite often had to use it.the same holds true for this pc .
i have used the recovery disk at least 10 times .
i meant to purchase a machine that supported me as i earned my living .
instead , i am finding i must be a pc mechanic in order to get it to operate on a daily basis.i almost can laugh at one error : even as i struggle to keep this thing up and running , once in a while ... for a day or so ... the r key does n't work ... dont buy it !

-1
the t2250 processor in this computer is core duo .
i would prefer core 2 duo over this one .
because this computer does n't support 64bit windows vista .
there is lots of junk ( trialware ) installed on this laptop and vista cd is not provided along with the system means if anything goes wrong you can only use the recovery cd .

-1
en abril 1 compre este modelo , todavia no la he podido usar ... .
trae fallas en teclado .
el software windows vista no funciona.no la compren tendran una mala experiencia , mas de $ 1200 perdidos ... una pc que no logro encenderse por fallas , y la garantia no incluye reponer la pc completa sino las partes , aunque no logro encenderse para configurarla .
al dia de hoy 30 de abril aun no puedo usar mi pc .
esta en un taller `` reparandose '' ... no la compren ... tendran una mala experiencia ... la compre en tigerdirect.no la compren , es una pc que no lograran encenderla.no comprar , no compren , no buy it !
!
!
!
!

-1
i bought this laptop in march of 2007 .
it worked great until last week ( oddly enough only a few weeks after the warranty expired ) .
started getting blue screen of death , a usb port stopped working .
took it in for service , got a loose ram diagnosis .
had it back from the shop for 4 days before the computer froze and would never boot up again because the motherboard died .
the laptop only lasted 12 months ( about 2 yrs shy of expected lifespan for a laptop ) .
this is the second toshiba that i had problems with .
my 4 yr old sony viao is still going .
i wo n't buy a toshiba again .

-1
i purchased this computer about 7 months ago .
currently i 'm on my third mother board .
the computer has been in and out of the shop roughly 9 weeks .
adding insult to injury i attempted to purchase extended warranty ( since there are known problems ) and toshiba refuses to sell it because extended warranty is only available in the first 6 months of service .
i have spent at least 20 hrs being bounced around toshiba with no results .
my case number is 1-854159549 in the event a person from toshiba is reading this and wants to do something ... .
do n't buy junk

-1
when i bought my laptop it was my first time getting one ( changing from desktop ) i was unaware thinking if i stayed with a name brand it 'd be good , wrong !
i chose this model and i payed around $ 850 so i was pleased .
for a month or 2 .
i have had nonstop problems with the motherboard burning out consistently and yes i have upgraded it more `` each '' time i sent it back to toshiba ( there customer support totally lacking ) to have the motherboard replaced .
after the third time doing this .
i was pressured to extend the warranty which i did n't do because i was already so tired of the machine by that point i could n't see doing that to myself .
after it 's warranty expired i had to sent it in to a repair shop and have the motherboard replaced 3 more different times and i 've only had this computer a year and 3 months .
so skip it , skip it please skip it and whatever you do do n't buy one with the name toshiba on it

-1
the performance is anemic .
it is very slow and takes 75 seconds to open a web browser or aol .
i called toshiba and spent over an hour on hold.a level 1 technician transferred me .
finally , a level 2 technician concluded that the computer was sold with too little memory to run windows vista , properly .
he agreed to forward my case to customer relations in favor of providing me additional memory ( it came with 512mb ) .
they never called back as promised .
i called back the next day and requested customer relations and was on hold for over an hour again .
the customer relations guy was an arrogant foreigner .
immediately , he was very argumentative , rude , aggressive and unsupportive .
he told me that they would n't support the technician 's claim for free memory and said the technician was an outsourced representative and toshiba did not need to honor his recommendation .
he started to tell me that he did n't care about my situation and caught himself as he was completing his comment .
he kept raising his voice and talking over me , loosing his cool.i tried to maintain professionalism , but , still argue my case that toshiba sold an incompatible system ... .
`` either it should have came with more memory or it should have shipped with windows xp . ''
toshiba sells a system , not two separate independent components .
i told him i expected more from the toshiba brand .
he told me i bought an entry level machine and they did n't hide the memory requirements and that i did n't do my due diligence ( he kept repeating himself over and over with an aggressive loud tone as his way to `` convince me '' ) .
he was an output device only , i had a difficult time getting him to listen.it was an awful experience .
it changed my opinion of toshiba 180 degrees .
i had expected a lot more from them.expect to pay another $ 139.49 + shipping ( toshiba selling price ) for a 1gb memory module .
expect a long que for customer service .
all 6 or 7 folks i spoke to were located in india , middle east or the philippines.if you bought a $ 25,000 car and could n't go over 30 mph , would you be upset if you had to spend another 20 % ( $ 5,000 ) for a module to make it go a normal speed ?
it is easy to blame microsoft vista , but , toshiba is responsible for the system they sell .

-1
i did n't get this through amazon , but this might still be useful if you 're looking for a notebook .
i did get its twintoshiba satellite a135-s4527 15.4 '' notebook pc ( intel pentium dual core processor t2080 , 1 gb ram , 120 gb hard drive , supermulti dvd drive , vista premium ) through amazon and compusa ( rip ) and that has been a better experience.if you 've done your research you 'll know additional ram is a must , and complaining that it feels slow with 512 mb is like saying a car is n't cornering right with 13 inch wheels ; now you know why it costs so little - so do get that extra ram , which right now costs about 30 bucks for an additional 1 gb and is easy to install .
this applies to 90 % of all notebooks , particularly the cheaper ones , even apple 's ( yes , macs are pcs unless you 've been brainwashed ) .with an additional 1 gb this computer was a good deal for around 600 bucks and it worked as well as any computer with vista can for about a year ; then one single major problem plus the normal vicissitudes of anything made by microsoft have taken the experience to new lows.the problem is that all 4 usb ports suddenly stopped working , and nothing has been able to solve that - not reinstalling the video drivers , not reinstalling vista from scratch , not fiddling with and updating the bios , not even installing ubuntu linux ; toshiba 's site and software updates are pathetic and their customer service nonexistent ; and other manufacturers are at the same level or even lower - hps are a major no-no , dells are generic , sonys have a better hardware record but at unreasonable premiums.interestingly enough everything else is working as it should so i got a pcmcia ( carbus ) adaptec card with an additional 2 usb ports like this oneadaptec usb2connect for notebooks 1420v .
the adaptec usb 2.0 2-port 1420v kit prand can now connect a usb hub and from there a mouse , a keyboard and an external sound card ; it 's still unreliable as from time to time the mouse and keyboard start stuttering , so i 'm stuck with a crippled computer .
i suspect the culprits are the bios and the ati chipset , as its twin has an intel chipset and has suffered none of these problems ( knock on wood ) .would a more expensive computer have proven more reliable ?
not unless it has the reputation of a lenovo thinkpad - and even then you 're still stuck with an unreliable operating system by microsoft.here 's what to expect from vista : want to connect an external monitor ?
it will go into visual convulsions until it eventually settles down ; want to install a program to rip your own music cds ?
expect to be nagged to death by error messages appearing every 3 minutes ; want to print or scan ?
sorry , incompatible ; want to watch a video ?
it will revert you from the vista premium or standard look to vista basic , aka windows 2000 - and back again after the end of each video ; and the list goes on and on ... so if the hardware does n't get you , microsoft 's incompetence will.would a mac be more reliable ?
the operating system is certainly light years ahead of vista in terms of reliability , but a very big part of that is due to the fact that there are way less programs to run on it and even less peripherals to connect to it ; and apple 's track record with the hardware is equally abysmal.linux was my great hope , but it has been quashed by the many things that still do n't work - no sound , no external monitor ... and no , i do n't have the time to investigate every single detail , i need computers to get work done , not to fiddle with them.why are computers so cheap ?
because as a consumer your expectations need to be that low .
how much can any computer with vista be worth ?
not much , no matter how ugly or pretty it is .
how much of a premium can apple get away with if you 're looking for a work tool and not a fashion accessory or a new religion ?
100 bucks ?
200 ?
300 ?
certainly not triple what this computer cost.in the end the question is how much is your work , communications and entertainment worth ?
a lot more than the cost of this computer , but it 's something no pc manufacturer has been able to address : we need reliability and ease of use , not more bling.my solution thus far has been to diversify the risk and buy cheap and somewhat reliable computers , so the chances of all of them failing *at the same time* is lower ; that will probably mean trying with anapple mac mini mb138ll/a ( 1.83 ghz intel core 2 duo , 1 gb ram , 80 gb hard drive , combo drive ) to see if it can integrate into the pool of computers and lower that risk ; in the mean time i 'm disappointed by toshiba and will keep them off my considerations , as well as anything more expensive such aslenovo 765802u thinkpad t61 14.1 '' notebookorapple macbook mb404ll/a 13.3 '' laptop ( 2.4 ghz intel core 2 duo processor , 2 gb ram , 250 gb hard drive ) blackor as promising asasus eee pc 4g ( 7 '' screen , 800 mhz intel celeron processor , 512 mb ram , 4 gb hard drive , linux preloaded ) galaxy black.do you have the means to get the best car ?
get a porsche .
want the best computer money can buy ?
move to another planet , on earth you 're going to have to make a compromise .
i hope this helps .

-1
i bought this product from and through amazon in march 0f 2007 .
when my kid went to reboot it , it asked for a bios password even though the bios was never passworded .
this was listed as a toshiba a-135 message .
this thing is a ticking timebomb for anyone who needed information stored on the machine.i am told that an authorized toshiba dealer will make the necessary repairs for free .
of coure , if amazon or toshiba had told me about it , i might have been able to do this when convenient rather than on the 4th of july .
until this time , i agreed that it was a good laptop that simply required adding more ram to properly run xp .

-1
there are at least two critical facts toshba wo n't tell you about their p105 line of computers:1 .
it has a nonstandard keyboard layout , and you probably wo n't realize this fact until you actually see it and use it because , to my knowledge , all their product descriptions fail to mention it .
people who are proficient with a standard keyboard layout will probably not like this keyboard .
the right shift key has virtually disappeared relative to a standard keyboard , and the arrow keys are very awkwardly placed .
this will slow down your typing speed considerably , at least until you 'relearn ' typing to accommodate these handicaps.2 .
although toshiba 's own website admits that silicone keyboard protectors are `` must-have protection '' for a notebook computer ( and they are essential ) , you ca n't buy one for a p105 from toshiba - or from anyone else to the best of my knowledge ( and i 've spent hours looking ) .
this means that a single drop of water spilled on the keyboard can ruin it , resulting in the need for a very costly repair .
toshiba even went so far as to have at least one sample keyboard protector made for the p105 line but they failed to have any made available to customers.i have done battle with toshiba over this obvious problem , which required the writing of several letters and the filing of a better business bureau complaint .
toshiba to this day fails to believe any problem exists .
i had always been a huge fan of toshiba products ( including computers ) until i bought a p105.other problems : the 'super-multi ' dvd drive failed to read any form of blank media and had to be replaced .
a bit of web research revealed this to be a problem that was n't at all isolated .
by the time i realized the dvd drive could n't be used to record data , i had lots of data that needed to be backed up somehow before taking the unit in for repairs ... without a working disk drive backups are very problematic .
finally , for some reason my p105 frequently stalls out during web browsing and no one can figure out why ... it has done this since it was brand-new .
my previous toshiba notebook computer had none of these problems ( although a toshiba dvr i own also had a faulty dvd drive ) .

-1
i 'd love to know how well this computer met my needs , but amazon ca n't seem to deliver it to me .
this is the second computer that they have postponed the delivery date for two months -- on the original date of delivery !
computer promised on april 27th ( a customer service rep guaranteed this to me last night ) , now ( april 27th ) promised for june 27th.my advice , unless amazon can resolve what appears to be a supply chain problem , is to stay clear of them for computers , because they currently can not meet their promises .
after one week , with a pending trip , i 'm back to a brick and mortar outlet for a computer at the last minute.very disappointing .

-1
while trying to boot up my laptop one day , it came upon a black screen with a box that said 'enter password ' .
turns out this model and many other toshiba models has a problem with its bios resetting the password .
the only way to fix it is to take it to an authorized repair center , or to send it into toshiba .
the only repair center in my area would not take it , so i had to send it into toshiba .
the ups store charged me to ship it , as well.when i got my laptop back , none of the usb ports worked !
i was told over the phone that the only way to fix this was to completely re-install windows , thereby losing all of my files and programs.the toshiba customer service and tech support never offered any solutions or trouble shooting .
this laptop is low in price , but if anything ever goes wrong with it , you 're out of luck .

-1
this computer looks sleek and beautiful and boasts lots of great `` entertainment '' package items .
unfortunately , if you ca n't hear anything , what good is the entertainment package ?
after repeated attempts to fix the problem through what hp claims to be `` customer service '' , i have given up .
what ticks me off the most is the sound issue i am encountering is a known problem at hp , yet they continue to sell this computer to unsuspecting consumers .
if you like to be put on hold multiple times for at least 30 minutes and have the customer service people from another country dump your call when they do n't know how to help you , this computers for you !

-1
i purchased this machine one year ago .
when i opening the computer it never worked right i had to send it back to the factory .
fine , it came back i set it up and once again not working correctly .
bang it goes back again and 2 weeks later it is returned once more.it performs well enough with some service calls but i figure i better buy extra warranty which i am happy i did .
less than one year later the screen blows up and turns to colors just running down the screen .
i am told to send it in with the box they sent me .
fine , fed ex picks it up and week after week i am told they are working on it.now the fun begins , the latest person from india tells me today the computer never arrived ... what never arrived ... i call hp headquarters and am told now that they must file a claim with fed ex .
for over one month after being told they are working on it i am in limbo.i hate hp for the computer and for there tech support .
i will never buy another hp product and will bad mouth them to everybody until this is resolved.i hate hp i hate hp i hate hp i hate hp i hate hp i hate hp i hate hp

-1
i had this notebook for 14 months and it had probelm from day one..the quick play button at one time stoped two times , the keybord needed replace , and the video card stoped working so now its off to the repair as of 04/23/08..this note book as been in repair 6 time..i tryed to get hp to replace with a new notebook but there not up to doing so.i dont recommend this notebook or any other product from hp.this is my first and last hp product

-1
this model has been a nightmare .
we buy toshiba 's all the time and they are usually great laptops .
we bought 3 of this model though and its been a complete nightmare .
we got them in the spring of 2007 when vista was 'new ' and we blamed all the problems we were having on vista instead of on the hardware .
we put up with the laptops ( all three of them ) locking up several times a day and freezing for no reason because we thought it was vista doing it .
we installed all the latest patches and service packs as they came out and replaced network drivers , video drivers etc as fast as they became available .
we even tried upgrading to the business version of vista .
still several lockups a day running hardly any software on them .
it would even lockup with nothing running at all while you were away for lunch .
we tried 'upgrading ' to xp from vista on a couple of them and the lockups and freezing issues were still there so finally we realize its this model laptop and not the software all this time that has cause the problems .
too late to do anything about it under warranty now so just replacing them with thinkpads .
might be awhile before we trust toshiba again .

-1
this was the first unit i got -it was returned because the bed was warpedthe second unit came from j & r ; it was returned as part of hard drive was corruptj & r ; were very professional -i gave them the toshiba i.d .
service number and they credit my account shortly after they received the unit it their facility .
a very satisfactory ending to a horror story of toshiba

-1
toshiba wo n't tell you two critical facts about their p105 line of computers:1 .
it has a nonstandard keyboard layout , and you probably wo n't realize this fact until you actually see it and use it because , to my knowledge , all their product descriptions fail to mention it .
people who are proficient with a standard keyboard layout will probably not like this keyboard .
the right shift key has virtually disappeared relative to a standard keyboard , and the arrow keys are very awkwardly placed .
this will slow down your typing speed considerably , at least until you 'relearn ' typing to accommodate these handicaps.2 .
although toshiba 's own website admits that silicone keyboard protectors are `` must-have protection '' for a notebook computer ( and they are essential ) , you ca n't buy one for a p105 from toshiba - or from anyone else to the best of my knowledge ( and i 've spent hours looking ) .
this means that a single drop of water spilled on the keyboard can ruin it , resulting in the need for a very costly repair .
toshiba even went so far as to have at least one sample keyboard protector made for the p105 line but they failed to have any made available to customers.i have done battle with toshiba over this obvious problem , which required the writing of several letters and the filing of a better business bureau complaint .
toshiba to this day fails to believe any problem exists .
i had always been a huge fan of toshiba products ( including computers ) until i bought a p105.other problems : the 'super-multi ' dvd drive failed to read any form of blank media and had to be replaced .
a bit of web research revealed this to be a problem that was n't at all isolated .
by the time i realized the dvd drive could n't be used to record data , i had lots of data that needed to be backed up somehow before taking the unit in for repairs ... without a working disk drive backups are very problematic .
finally , for some reason my p105 frequently stalls out during web browsing and no one can figure out why ... it has done this since it was brand-new .
my previous toshiba notebook computer had none of these problems ( although a toshiba dvr i own also had a faulty dvd drive ) .

-1
3 months into ownership , the modem fails on our toshiba p105 .
we contact toshiba - they refer us to a local firm that does their repairs for the entire south texas region .
takes them almost two weeks to say that the part is on backorder and will take over 1 month to get it in and fix this machine .
i call toshiba 800 number , and toshiba corporate in ca ; they promise to phone back trying to find part faster than 1 month .
they do n't phone back ( big surprise ) .
so far i 'm at over 4 hours of phone time with holds calling them .
when i phone back , they still do n't know about the part , and claim that , by law , they have 30 days to do warranty repairs .
i point out that , as it stands now , they will take over 30 days for this repair , and request a replacement to get us back up and running again .
not their policy , i 'm told and they dispute the 30 days , because they 're not counting the days at the local repair depot before i started calling them directly - they 'll only count the time from when i let them know about the failed part .
they also claim that they stand behind their product .
does this sound like support ?
purchase toshiba at your peril .

-1
i bought the sony vgn ux 380n 4.5 '' notebook.this was the worst think that i have had .the 380 is not powerfull enought to run vista and the 1g memory ( maximum ) is not enought also .
the computer is very slow and crash or freeze all the time when i launch 2 applications .
it is impossible to have the camera with skype.i am realy disapointed because all my computers until today were sony vaio.i will check with sony the possibility to install windowsxp

-1
after reading many reviews here , out of curiosity , i wend to bestbuy to get a physical feel and look .
it is disappointing !
though the screen really shows sharp and clear text , everything is so tiny on that little screen after all .
it strains eyes no matter old or young eyes .
the screen is too small to be a laptop , and device is too bulky to be a pda .
i think this is a failure of sony 's design team.updated on 8/21/2012revisiting my old review , and now looking back from the world of iphone , ipad , kindles , etc.
, i believed i did a correct call at that time around that `` this device is a failure of sony 's design team . ''
all those reviewers at the time jumped and fiecely defended the sony 's dismal device had shot their own feet .

-1
what a disappointment !
the ux-machines keyboard is almost impossible to type on , performance is very weak ( very slow ) .
the screen is way too small .
there is no wire modem connecton ( even on the stand ) .
there is no cd/dvd drive .
there is only one usb port .
lan connector is a separate `` plug-in '' thingy.i do need a compact computer , so , i got the ux to replace an older 10 '' -screen laptop .
however , when i need to work on the ux , i end up with plugging in an external screen , external keyboard , external mouse , external dvd drive .
so , the set-up looks like a spider lying on my desk .
i used to have a 10 '' screen normal size keyboard laptop , with built-in dvd .
that was way much better , than this ux toy !
and the regular compact laptop was a lot more convenient to carry - no parts and pieces : all-in-one and ready-to-go , which is not the case with the ux.in addition , i had to clean re-install the os , re-partitioning the hard drive , to get rid of all of these sony garbage programs that clog the memory and dramatically slowdown the computer.resume : get a compact ( 10 '' -11 '' screen ) laptop , which has everything built into it ( dvd drive , lan , modem , etc ) , otherwise you will end up with carrying a lot more weight and pieces

-1
pro : the burning air from the laptop is good for warming hands in cold winter.con : dark screensince i bought this laptop , i swear i will never buy any product of dell .
there is no manual in the shipping box .
there is no built-in microphone on my d410 .

-1
my wife wanted an ultracompact for business travel .
we had heard great things about the vaio line .
however , this computer is unbearably slow .
simple tasks , ie working in outlook , take far too long to process .
boot time averages 5 minutes .
i 'm not sure if the problem lies with the processor or is related to ram ( comes with 1 gb ) , but vista does not function well with these specs .
the computer sounds like it 's constantly in overdrive .
i imagine this computer would perform much better with xp .
it is a beautiful ultracompact but the poor performance is unacceptable for a $ 2000+ computer .

-1
how do you rate a product if you received it and it does not work ?
sorry , but for me it 's just 1 out of 5.the operating system does not load .
it dosplays vaio logo , then tries to load windows , it can not , it says that there is a problem with that soft loading.my undestanding is that this may happened because of the problem with a hard drive .
i called sony , they offered , that they send op .
syst .
recovery cd .
again , i ' 100 % sure thats the hard drive .
i know they will send cd , then they will probably agree that that 's hard drive .
if you want to have a headache of sending cd 's , attempting to install them , then returning or replacing the product - then buy it .
( note 1 .
i owned/bought 4 new laptops before , 3 of them vaio , they worked ok , but now there is obviously a problem with sony products .
note 2 .
i planned to install my own windows xp instead of vista on that model , but still i wanted to take a look at vista , and to make sure that vista is not operable on that laptop model ) .i will post an update later about how the things develop about my unfortunate purchase .
***added later : i exchanged the item at the retailer .
made sure windows vista does not work on it ( it certainly loads but it 's not operable ) .
installed windows xp anew ( as planned ) ( do not forget drivers from sony website , not all of them ) .
works just great !
( as initially expected ) .
for whatever reason i can not change my rating for this item but please , note , after i exchanged the item it , by itself , deserves 5 out of 5 .

-1
consumer beware , avoid sony vaios at all costs !
i 've owned my vaio tx770p for about 2-3 yrs now , purchased new from fry 's and it has been nothing but trouble .
another friend of mine has the same model with similar variously documented problems ( do a google search , i.e power jack coming loose , dvd burner malfunction , etc. )
.
it 's horribly constructed with constant breakdowns and issues .
the people that handle the extended warranty ( bought through the official sonystyle website ) are a pain in the as s. my ex had a fujitsu p-series lifebook and never had to justify any reason for repairs under the extended warranty .
i have to constantly explain why i need a repair , for example , for some reason the vaio logo on top of the lid burned through to my screen , even with a screensaver functioning ; however , it is not replaceable under warranty from wear and tear but must be accidentaly dropped .
i finally got a technician to come and replace the dvd-burner last year , but since the screen is a third claim i must send the computer in for service and loose 7-10 business days of productivity .
i did not pay over usd $ 3500 to be hassled by asinine warranty regulations and shody construction .
after spending that much money , you can be certain i did not manhandle the computer ; however , after speaking with tech support maybe i should throw the darn thing against the wall more often just to be able to get it repaired .
sorry for venting , but i would n't recommend sony computers to anyone after this experience .

-1
i recently bought this laptop from best buy .
it took hours on end to update itself online .
it comes prepackaged with tons of trial software and sony software that slows the computer down - some of which you ca n't uninstall .
the screen flickers upon start up and shut down .
the computer freezes with more than one application open at t time .
it is a piece of junk .
within two days i tried to return it at best buy and they charged me a $ 345 dollar restocking fee because apparently this is n't `` defective . ''
it was a horrible , expensive experience .
do n't make this mistake .
and do n't buy from best buy !
!
!
horrible company with horrible customer service .

-1
i receive a dell latitude d600 instead of the dell latitude c640 .
majority of the times it will not boot up - it just start the booting process and stop .
due to this problem , i have to reformat the hard drive with windows xp but the problem continues .
i would say this dell latitude d600 that i receive is a junk .
my first laptop that i purchase from amazon is still working excellent , i am using it to send this review .
i also purchase two more laptop from amazon , after the first purchase and they are working excellent .
however this last purchase is a disaster .

-1
i have had this laptop a little over a year .
about three weeks after my warranty ran out , my wireless stopped working .
after contacting hp support with no success i received an email from them offering free repair since there is a known problem with this model .
do some googling and you will find forums full of the exact same problem replicated in user after user .
buyer beware .

-1
this is the worst nightmare i have.i bought it from 06 thanksgiving special.found the microphone complete not working at all in windows xp .
apparently the same system with window vista would work fine according some posting on the hp forum .
so it is the software driver issues .
but hp refuse to have any driver fix for it .
there were multiple users complains on their forum for over a year.the base of the screen has a big crack less a few weeks ago .
just a bit over the one year warranty .
what a waste of money !
!
!
i would never buy hp again !
!
!

-1
i have the hp pavillion dv6000 .
it was purchased about one year ago .
this laptop tends to get really hot while running on its batteries .
within the past couple months , the paint wore off the touch pad ( i will put a picture up within the images section of this amazon page ) .however , the quality problems with the laptop go much deeper than just the heat it emits , and the paint wearing off .
the battery is also extremely poor .
mine used to last just over two hours and now it lasts about 20 minutes .
a couple people i know have also experienced this problem .
i realize that batteries eventually deteriorate and then must be replaced , but there is no reason that it should have as fast as it did .
the newest problem i am facing with the laptop is that in order to charge it now , i physically have to press the cord in to it .
it has become desensitized , and will no longer recognize that it is being charged unless i press it in with force.i am extremely careful with my belongings .
this laptop has never been manhandled or dropped .
this is simply the result of shoddy workmanship by hp once again.spend a little more money , and avoid these issues .
do not buy hp.. i have never been happy with a single product they have made .
so no , their laptops are no better than their printers .
i have talked to enough people to know that i am not alone with these problems ... especially with the battery and the touch pad wearing out .
sure , it has a 1 year warranty , but is being out of a computer for weeks while it is sent back to the company worth the 50 $ you 'd save by buying a different brand ?
i do n't think so .

-1
i have the pavilion dv6000 entertainment pc .
do n't be fooled by this computer 's sleek look .
i have made numerous calls , been on hold , hung up on , and struggled with a language barrier ( someone from india was `` helping '' me ) and finally just gave up .
hp 's idea of customer service is to ignore you until you go away .
it works !
great tactic !
this company is not interested in selling quality products or providing basic support services .
the laptop speakers have not worked since i plugged in external speakers .
now the external speaker port is screwed up and only plays sound on one side of the speakers or headphones .
so much for an `` entertainment '' pc .
the cd player rarely works , wo n't eject cd 's , and randomly turns on and off by itself .
the wireless controller does n't work period .
the only good thing i can say about it is that it 's pretty ... and we all know.. pretty just does n't cut it anymore .
i wo n't purchase another hp again .

-1
i have the hp pavilion dv6338se notebook and it has already messed up twice in five months and the company tech 's does n't even know the basics about computers ( one of them could n't figure out why when you press f10 on startup it kept going to the bios setup ) then they tell you they will call you back and never do .
they will only agree to fix your product if you send it to them for 4 weeks .
do yourself a favor never ever buy a hp product that you are not willing to take a total loss on after being jerked around for days .

-1
i purchased two of these .
both lost wireless within the first 3 months .
i can not recommend this style of hp .
i have a compaq for 3 years and have warn the keys smooth .
wireless works great on this one !

-1
i would love to give a video review but i ca n't because the webcam stopped working on my 6700 series.i agree that there should be a class action law suit against hp for these notebooks since i have had the same horrible experiences with customer service.never buying an hp again .

-1
i have the same problems as other reviewers .
stay away from this computer .
worst purchase i have ever made .
there should be a class action suit brought against hp for this computer .
non-existant technical help .
they will , however , sell you help ... .that will probably not fix your problems .
i am still under warranty but that means nothing .

-1
having gone through several notebook computers , hp has by-far the worst customer service ever .
before 1 year is up , the internal wireless component fails to work .
i send it for repair and it takes them 2 months to fix it and thus my warranty expires .
what i realize when i get my computer back is the fact that they did not re-assemble the computer properly and hence , my monitor does not work .
i call hp and they tell me that the warranty expired and they ca n't do anything about it .
i explain my situation that they had my computer for 2 months during my warranty and also that my computer is mal-functioning because of their error .
the people at the other end of the customer service tell me that they have elevated it to the higher manager in-charge and the manager will call me .
i do n't get a call back so i call hp again being patient and explaining the whole situation again .
they tell me their sorry and once again it will be taken care of and someone will call me later .
once again , i get no call .
so i call them again .
once again , i explain my situation all over again .
and without fail , they fail to call me again and get my computer fixed .
i call again and they tell me that they once again will call me .
( are you keeping count , this is the 4th time i am calling them . )
i am right now looking at getting another computer now having wasted a lot of time and money on this issue .
by far this is the worst experience ever .
if you are using a hp , i wish you the best that it does not breakdown .
if you do , you 're facing the worst customer service ever .

-1
the worst laptop .
every now and then , there is something wrong .
plus it 's very slow and gets too hot.like a month after i bought it , i had to send it it cuz something was n't working .
it came back scratched !
then something else .
i have it for 2 yrs and half , and it is definitely not worth the money .
i have waste so much time trying to figure out and fixing it .
now it wo n't connect to my external monitor.hp chat will help you but there is a limit .
sometimes they do n't even know what they are doing .

-1
same problems as everyone else - it wo n't start up half the time and when it does it takes a long time .
now it wo n't start at all .
i could n't even count the number of times i had to reformat it .
now i ca n't even get it to reformat or start with the recovery disks .
hp is aware that there is a component/design problem and there was a class action suit , but i missed the window to have it repaired and now i 'm stuck with a piece of junk .
i would never buy another hp product after this experience .
whether on warranty or not this should be repaired or replaced if there is a design defect .
hp does n't stand behind its products and ripped off everyone who bought one of these .

-1
it started out good until your broadcom wireless dies .
i found out it is a common problem with the dv6000 series containing amd chips.i sent it back to hp and they returned it in about 5 days and i thought everything was good ... .not so fast.they upgraded the bios to a version that makes the fan run at a slow speed non-stop ( very annoying ) because the processor runs hot and kills the wireless adapter and system board .
this also wears the battery out faster.hp forums are filled with people angry at hp 's unwillingness to actually fix the problem.tech suppport basically laughed at me because they said in a nut shell `` it is kind of a lame reason to send it back for the fan '' .i did not send it back a second time because i 'm in it and i know it is a bios issue .
they also removed the previous bios versions so you can not downgrade and then lie to you and say there is no way to downgrade.just to get hp to even call me back the second time i had to send a letter to the board of directors and various media outlets.hp sent me a check for $ 50.00 for my troubles.buyer beware !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
i will not be buying hp or amd again.many are talking class action lawsuit on this one .
they know there is a big problem but fail to fix it in any way .

-1
i got this laptop back in 2007 for graduation and it seemed like everything i would want : fast processors , large memory , large screen , full loaded media .
unfortunately the computer just does n't work well .
for the first year or so it just crashed every day .
it did n't come with word or other word processing programs either .
being a student that is important .
i had it sent in multiple times because it would n't turn on because the power socket is easily damaged.list of repairs made : three times to fix lack of poweronce for a broken screen ( my brother threw it ) my computer deleted the wireless card from the bios or something like thatonce for software repair because it would n't bootand now it wo n't turn on again .
great !
!
!
!
this is my last repair and my warranty is up .
booo !
!

-1
the laptop is great , but suppouse the condition was new , but under the sticker say 90 days of warranty ... ... ..to bad

-1
i am an unlucky guy , the laptop startup as blank screen just after the warranty expired .
it requires to replace the system board as $ 900 .
if you like this laptop , please buy as least 3 years extended servcies with 100 % hardware replacement .

-1
do n't buy it , if does n't have a 2,3 mhz processor or an intel dual core , do n't bother ... also needs a better graphics card , the nvidia geforce 6150 go ca n't work with windows vista , also the hardrive must have a 7200 rpm to work properly .
do n't buy it .

-1
low price , low quality , low level of service .
when it works , it 's a fine laptop , but ... 1 ) the webcam keeps disappearing from the system setup , and you need to re-install it every time you wan na use it.2 ) microsoft 's update and hps 's update `` compete , '' and one will tell you to update a driver , then the next one will want to replace that driver with its own ( the previous one ) , and so on.3 ) slow to boot as hp has it loaded with all its own software ( stuff nobody needs ) .4 ) the pre-installed cd/dvd burning software never worked properly.5 ) wireless is comparatively weak .
i could n't pick up any signals while my brother on his laptop was happily surfing wirelessly right next to me.6 ) the laptop simply died ( as in it wo n't boot , not even the hp logo screen ) after six months .
sent it in to have it repaired , get it back weeks later , take it out of the box and read that it had undergone `` diagnostic testing after all repairs '' were made ; apparently hp technicians ca n't tell the difference between a laptop that turns on and one that does n't , for it 's still the same sad story : the power button lights up , but nobody 's homedefinitely my first and last hp computer.update : one month later , and hp still has not been able to fix it .
eta for the spare part is 04/04/2008 ... .
i 'll keep my fingers crossed .
truly pathetic .

-1
i purchased the dell 1720 inspiron to replace my old inspiron 8600 ( which had been a great computer for me ) .
on the fourth day of using my new 1720 , the color on the display became mysteriously `` washed out '' .
i could barely read the words on the screen because it was so dim .
i researched this problem and found many other people who had posted the same problem ( many people mention it is a 17 '' dell problem ) .
my research confirmed that it was nothing i had done to alter the screen 's appearance , it had `` mysteriously '' happened in all of the postings i read .
i spent a painfully long time on the phone with dell 's customer support ( even more frustrating was trying to understand the person on the other line through his very thick accent ) .
they have not been able to solve my problem , and have scheduled me for a call-back .
i intend on sending this computer back and asking for a full refund .
i 'll get an hp instead .
good luck !

-1
the xps m1710 laptop that i received on amazon had a virus in the motherboard .
the seller sent me a batter that was not recognized by the computer bios and could not be used .
the bottom of the computer was missing a rubber foot which makes the laptop wobbly .

-1
i previously have not had any major problems with my computers before so did n't really look into after sales service .
after the experience of the last 2 months , i realize how important this is .
buyer beware !
toshiba offers a dis-service !
it has now gone into their repair centre for the second time for the same problem !
their customer services were totally uncaring that i had taken time off work and spent money ( about $ 60 ) just to get the computer to them ... problems they still have n't been able to sort out .
btw , huge problems that toshiba is finding impossible to solve ... a faulty keyboard and a touchpad !

-1
there was a time when toshiba dominated the low-mid price notebook market .
toshiba virtually `` invented '' the `` laptop '' , so dominant were they at the origin of the genre .
no longer is this the case .
what made the old toshibas as good as they were , was that they either made their own components , or subcontracted locally in japan , and assembled all their machines at home .
this situation enabled excellent quality control .
in the 90 's , they started subcontracting in korea and other parts of the pacific rim , and assembling the machines all over the world .
in my opinion , the biggest mistake was the cheap harddrives they have built by hitachi .
these hitachi harddrives are simply junk .
the notorious hitachi `` death star '' , as it became known , may have crashed more frequently than any other hard drive built in the late 90 's .
the tragedy is - toshiba hard drives are still made to the exacting standards of their early 90 's machines , but they can knock off hundreds of dollars per machine by installing the cheap hitachis .
combine this situation with the compatability problems of vista in its current state and there you have major problems .
take it from one who has learned by hard experience .
you get what you pay for .
if these were toshiba drives , you 'd be paying $ 899 us not $ 699 or lower .
voila !

-1
i bought this toshiba laptop for my daughter to use at college .
during the 1st semester it had a problem but was repaired by techs that the college provided .
then 3 months past the waranty the hard drive goes bad .
this has been a problematic computer and i will not buy another toshiba .

-1
this is not the exact notebook i have , but it is about toshiba .
when i sent off my toshiba in kentucky , the technician called me and argued with me that i did not have a dvd burner .
i had a software , which before i sent the notebook in , the dvd burner option was available .
after i got it back , even after reloading my software , the dvd option never could be reloaded-they intentionally disconnected my dvd burner.i did make a request to the ups headquarters that the people behind the counter need to package and seal anything being shipped out right there in front of the customer .
i do believe toshiba 's intentionaly disconnecting my dvd burner had to do with lies from the city of lafayette .
everyone around lafayette was asking me how much does a laptop cost-about 1000 people-they were implying i stole my laptop .
the store i bought it from in lafayette , pulled something strange before i bought it .
the store claimed they were out of the laptop i wanted and sent me to another lafayette store .
the sales person had them hold it under his name , instead of ours.when i emailed toshiba headquarters , i did not get a response , but eveyone all over lafayette started insisting they were getting us ( my b/f and i ) confused with somebody else-or claiming they always see us in places we never have gone.to eliminate some of the problems , i should had ordered from amazon.still toshiba techs in kentucky and the headquarters has no excuse for going along with the lies from lafayette louisiana .
that deal with fema from hurricane katrina says a lot about the character of the people who live in lafayette louisiana .
not a good idea to believe these people , toshiba !

-1
within 10 days of owning a new toshiba a135-s2386 laptop , the wireless card stopped working .
when i called tech support , they taught me to go to device manager and re-install the driver .
or sometimes i had to restart the laptop .
i had to do that every week .
then after 3 months , the wireless card stopped working and restarting the computer did n't help .
took it to a toshiba authorized repair person who changed the network card .
two months later , same problem .
network card , motherboard and antenna were all replaced .
when i got the computer back , it immediately started freezing and blue screening .
brought it back to the repair center the next day and they put in a new harddrive .
after putting in the new harddrive , the repair center called me and told me that the keyboard and mouse quit working .
so now they are ordering a second motherboard .
during all of this i have called toshiba numerous times .
when i told them i want a new laptop , they put me put on hold for 30 - 40 minutes then the call will mysteriously cut off .
i have called now 4 times asking for the status of my request for a laptop and the same thing happens - they tell me they will transfer me to customer support and after 30 minutes , the call will disconnect .
i am a student and during all of this i do not have my laptop to get my work done .
toshiba customer is a joke .
they do not care .
once they get your money for the laptop , they fix and fix until your warranty runs out , then you 're stuck with a lemon laptop .
i 've owned dell laptops before with no problems whatsoever .
i will never buy a toshiba anything ever again .

-1
the unit was delivered ontime .
it worked very well in the first few days but started giving problems .
it turned out with mother board problem .
now running behind toshiba 's service center.. i hope it will be fixed ... .

-1
i am always skeptical with these inexpensive laptops and this time i should have been more so .
the lap top has been in the shop more than out and the technicians keep claiming that vista is not working right with the equipment .
who knows ?
the vaunted media capabilities of vista do n't work with it .
leaving you with a pretty useless machine .
by the time you purchase the necessary additional software to get what you need to make the machine even marginally useful ( word processing and spreadsheets ) , you are at the price of a basic mac .
the mac is like your television , you open the box and it works .
all of these windows based computers would be like receiving your television without the remote and then having to purchase that seperately and then program it in .
would you ever buy such a tv ?
then why buy one of these ?

-1
i purchased two toshiba satellite computers and one qosmio g15r computer .
within a short period of time , the electrical connection on both satellite laptops had broken and we were advised the repair cost was higher than the cost of a new computer .
the qosmio g15r was built with a defective motherboard .
within a few months i had vertical lines on the screen .
i brought it to an authorized toshiba repair center .
a month later i received it back and it seemed to work .
a year later , again lines .
this time i sent it to toshiba and they replaced the motherboard .
another year , lines again .
this time toshiba told me the computer was out of warranty so it was my problem .
when i insisted it was a manufacturer defect , the toshiba technical supervisor yelled at me on the phone that it was not a manufacturing defect .
if you want these kinds of problems , buy toshiba .
i 'll never purchase any toshiba product ever again , and i 'm going to warn my friends not to as well .
wallace reid .

-1
we bought 2 of these laptops ( one for each of us ) from best buy .
a bad pixel on the screen on two exchanged computers should have been the sign to tell us to return this computer .
a couple of years later , the usb ports give up , and about a yr later the screen goes black , i think it 's the motherboard that 's gone bad .
toshiba use to have wonderful products , i 'm not so sure now ... i 'll stick with hp from now on .

-1
never again will i buy anything toshiba .
within a year the 2 laptops i purchased both went bad .
one had to get a completely new hard drive and the other is just plain slow .
i have spent over $ 200 still with no success for just 1 of the laptops .
the customer service people are no help and is constantly disconnecting the calls when trying to get help with my problems .
the extended warranty was a waist of money as was my purchase of these 2 pieces of garbage .
save your money and headaches .

-1
pros : screen color , speakerscons : it 's really too hot to be a `` lap '' top !
and without the ac adapter , the battery itself can only last a little more than one hour , even when no program running.1gb ram is too small for vista .
every time i just feel waiting forever for its boot up ( > 5mins ) .
and vista did n't support most of the softwares i have to use .
it even did not recognize the brand new kingston usb flash disk .
you will have to add at least 1gb ram for it ( actually two , because the original sockets were occupied by two 512m ones ) , or downgrade it into xp ( just search `` downgrade '' in hp tech forum to find out how many people are doing this ) to make it really usable.after fix the software problem , now it 's the worst thing coming !
the dc power supply on hp pavilion dv2000 series ' motherboard has an astonishing poor quality .
at the beginning , it can not wake up from sleep mode frequently ; and several months later , it can not boot up anymore !
totally dead !
after checked out hp website and some technical forums , i found this is a universal problem for hp dv2000 .
hp already announced a special warranty enhancement program for his pavilion products .
i do n't know if they will solve this clearly , or just change a motherboard .
i have to purchase a hard drive enclosure to save all my data out .
so if you 're using a hp pavilion , backing up all your data is especially important !
i think i will never buy hp notebook anymore .
maybe the laser printer is the only reliable product from this company .

-1
while the intel chipset states it supports direct3d , it does not ; or at least it does n't fully support it .
i had one 3d manipulation program and two games i was buying this laptop for , and it ca n't run any of them .
all 3 state : 'no supported direct3d devices detected on this system'.if you are n't planning to use it for 3d items , then it will probably work.here 's to one highly disatisfied customer who has to return it with as it does n't do the job i need it to .

-1
this laptop started having problems a few months into owning it ( webcam stopped working , etc etc ) .
i tried to format to factory conditions using the provided recovery cds .
they did n't work .
toshiba customer service is non-existent : they wo n't help you !
i 've had toshibas for years and liked them .
now they are awful machines .
i will never buy toshiba again .
that 's your warning !

-1
i purchased the toshiba p-205-s6237 approx 8 months ago .
this computer has been nothing but a nightmare ( we had another toshiba laptop which is also a piece of junk ) not sure why i bought another .
i will be taking it back in for its 4th dvd/cd drive next week .
nopnem of them have worked long enough to download any software .
now what good is a computer if you ca n't load software ?
if you read other reviews you will see this is a chronic problem with toshiba computers .
this machine has spent more time in the repair shop then on my desk !
toshiba customer service is the worst i have ever encountered .
on my first call i was on hold for 67 minutes , then disconnected .
called again to be on hold for almost 1 hour then transferred to a technician for another 10 minutes .
they tried to talk me into running a recovery disk , which i refused to do .
they insisted it would n't remove everything from my computer , which it would .
their technicians are not well educated and try whatever to get you off the phone .
every employee i spoke with , which was nearly a dozen , had very bad attitudes .
after all this i asked for an address to which i could send a chronology of my issues with this computer .
i sent the letter and never received any type of response .
so to me this means , they just do not care once the item is sold !
i have only one thing to say never buy toshiba

-1
i purchased this model two years ago and immediately was dissapointed .
this machine does not run vista well at all .
i 've since reformatted and installed xp ( a difficult process since dell does not support xp drivers for this machine , but if you 're savvy you can find through forums ) with xp it runs better but still would not recommend .
there are other laptops out there that perform much better .
the 1721 model is basically a big lemon !

-1
the laptop is quite simple and nice to handle .
i had big time problems with its performance in vista .
the system just slumps when you open an application as simple as windows media player .
the cpu gets used 100 % all the time and as the result the fan keeps running all the time and a ton of heat produced .
i bought 1gb ram to see if it improves but it didnt .
as a last ditch resort , i downgraded the laptop to windows xp professional and it is good now .
but the journey to downgrade also had its price .
the drivers werent available from toshiba website because they only support vista drivers .
had a tough time searching through forums and get drivers for all the devices and get this laptop working.my conclusion is always buy a good processor like amd or centrino for windows vista .
if you are still bent upon buying this , all the best !
!

-1
ordered a hp dv9750 laptop computer with a expresscard tv tuner included .
they sent me a hp dv9000 ( older model ) no tv tuner .
they would not answer emails , they blocked my email address , furthermore they refused to pay for the return shippinghp pavilion dv9750us 17-inch laptop ( intel core 2 duo t7250 processor , 3 gb ram , 500 gb hard drive , vista premium ) black

-1
i bought this computer for my online graduate education but have ended up using my four-year-old desktop instead for most of the work .
this computer is extremely slow and just stops working at least once a day .
i would never buy this computer again .
in fact , i am in the process of returning it .
do not purchase this laptop unless you want a slow computer at an expensive price !

-1
i do n't really satisfied about the product.. he sent me completely another computer with a cd-rom not working , wireless not working ... i do n't believe i will buy laptop on amazon again ... ..

-1
i got this computer with high hopes.i turned it on and started working with it , only to notice the whole palm area was too hot to work with.this computer heats up and not only on the bottom ( you ca n't really put it in your lap and work ) but also on top .
so i was not able to put my palms on the computer and type .
there seemed to be no heat displacement feature .
when i called them , they said they never heard of it before , and to return it.so i returned it and got a toshiba .

-1
no airport card looked like it was rebuilt scrathes everywhere no usb no ethernet input it was just awful specs were wrong lied about everything

-1
i have hp dv6275 as well as hp dv1000 and dv2000 .
i have been using dell , toshiba , ibm and panasonic laptops for the last several years and bought hp laptops primarily to create diversity in my office after using other makes .
and what a big mistake i made - regret is not the word that can describe how bad i feel about buying these pieces of absolute junks from hp !
!
first , a new hp laptop looks quite `` shiny '' and that is the only good thing one can say about them after using them .
hp laptops are slow compared to other make despite having core 2 duo or core duo at 1.83 mhz and 2 gb memory on my models ( check cnet review and it will confirm this observation. )
.
they take abnormally long time to start and lock up as and whenever they want .
hp supplies no re-install cd , installs a lot of unwanted garbage , and takes substantial portion of your disk space for creating the recovery disk ( just in case your o/s gets fried ) .the story of my hp dv1000 bought in april 2006 is particularly bad , and exemplifies how bad hp as a consumer company is .
my dv1000 started having problem after about six months of very light use as its battery charger will not make contact with the laptop pin , and when it did connect , it will continue flipping between battery and electricity charge .
it has been a nightmare to make this laptop work and even my children refused to do any thing with this laptop .
at times , the laptop pin would n't make contacts with the battery adapter no matter how much you tried - there was some internal flaw in the motherboard design that would stop from battery being charged .
i left my laptop on power for the whole night for charging it , made sure that it shows connected ( ! )
and in the morning battery will be without any charge leaving me on my flights and in meetings without any battery charge .
i struggled in meetings to keep this laptop on when i needed it to work .
this intermittent problems have kept me from using it for any critical function .
there is class action lawsuit link by a law firm on cnet about this.the worst part of it is hp is horrendous attitude to the customer service .
getting service from hp has been an absolute nightmare .
my laptop is with them from mid-march and after over one and half month , and hundreds of emails to hp 's ceo using [ ... ] link and many calls to hp 's support center ( read indian call centers ) , i still do n't have my laptop back from them , and have no idea if and when i will get it back .
i have lost access to all data , emails , and software purchased and installed on that pc forever .
in addition , i wasted more than 15 days time in trying to get my laptop back from them with no success .
hp does n't respond to your emails and does n't care if you are without your laptop for months .
they keep your laptop for months without providing any feedback for the so called `` lack of components '' .
in meantime , your warranty clock continues running .
dealing with clueless support staff in india is a big issue in itself .
they waste your time going over a canned script given to them without having any authority to resolve any issue .
i am not alone just about everyone is having horrible experience with hp service ( they have my laptops only for about two months so far , but others have written even much worst experiences . )
.i would say stay away from hp .
you are buying nothing but pain - there are better choices .
hp as a company is toast from my list of companies with whom i would like to ever do business again .

-1
this notebook was an ancient relic of the past , and much smaller than what i thought i was getting .
i ended up giving it away .

-1
watch out for these guysordered computer 6 weeks ago and never recieved itmade several attempts to resolve the issue and they do n't respondthey never gave a tracking number for ups .
should be standard mo when shipping a computer.thank goodnes i used american express to pay for this .

-1
this computer has everythong blocked it was the worse 70 dollars i 've ever spent .
if i could goback and redo it i 'd go somewhere else

-1
i purchased this item six months ago .
i just find out that the hard drive is shot and needs replacement .
i took it to the computer shop to get it repaired and were told that it would cost $ 140.00 to get it repaired .
i am very dissapointed that i only had a chance to use this item only for a few months .
i hope i get a chance to remedy the situation by getting some type of discount on another pc .
otherwise , i will not be purchasing any more items from amazon.com .

-1
i was completely unhappy with my order !
!
!
the laptop was in very poor condition and i was not told before !

-1
this turned out to be a much older computer than it said in amazon site and we dont want it .
i have called and e-mailed and east coast macs is not responding .
we do not want this computer .
it arrived a week after christmas from california .
i am afraid if i send it back to the address it came from i will have no money and no computer .
i 'm not sure what to do .

-1
the battery do n't work , the company do n't offer warranty to replace dead battery.the clock never reset right .
it do n't come on after 2 tries , sometimes it wo n't start.garbage !
!
!

-1
within 2 weeks it broke completely .
so i bought a new one .
yeah , i 've spent over 400 dollars in less thank 2 months with this company .
you should n't have any issues but heaven forbid if you do ... do not withdraw your a-z claim because i did after this company lied and said they 'd send me a replacement if i 'd drop the claim .
yeah , and i 'm still fighting with them !
it 's gotten so bad that amazon has taken over the situation for me .
this company is full of excuses when it comes to fixing something that goes wrong .
now they 're threatening me with the sheriff where ever they are charging me with something about stolen property .
even though i have proof i bought both items and still have both items and no compensation from either midwest notebooks or amazon .
granted i will never order from this company again .
i 'll first go to walmart .
because yes you are saving money but you definitely pay in other ways with these people !

-1
the computer was older than advertised and did not have the network capability that was advertised .
the only good thing was that they gave back most of my money when i sent it back 80 % .

-1
bought this laptop and i do n't have much to say as it failed to boot within three days of purchase .
hp support claimed that the serial number of the unit was invalid and refused to give any help .
the vendor seemed uninterested in helping out as well .
it does make an admirable paperweight .

-1
i think that lenovo formally ibm is mass producing their ibm thinkpad laptops at such a high rate that the end product is very , very poor quality.the t61is suppose to be a high performance machine .
additionally , i added an additional 4 gig of memory .
however , the machine is extremly slow !
the battery never reaches 100 % capacity .
however , the laptop is never unplugged.tonight , i 've begin having problems with the keyboard .
i have to press some keys several times before the letters reflect onto the screen.i 've only had the laptop for 2 months !
and finally , i am experiencing `` high '' intrusive attacks from various parts of china .
initially , i was puzzled why the attacks were coming from china because i do n't know anyone in china .
the intrusive attacks occur at least 10 times a day.finally , today i realized that lenovo is based in china .
also , when the laptop shipped via ups i was able to track the delivery online .
the laptop originated in china.i am extremely disappointed with the ibm thinkpad.the machine is garbage !
i could have done better at office depot !

-1
i was getting this for an employee since she needs it for work ... just to read and send emails and calendar use so i wasnt looking for a magnificent machine .
it showed up filthy and i couldnt get it to connect to the internet .
i took it into apple and they told me it was put together with random parts and paying to have it operational wouldnt be worth it because it would go awry somewhere else in the machine and never work properly .
it was also password secured so some important areas couldnt be reached to change settings ( like the date from 1962 ) which wouldve affected any updates in th futurethe seller refunded most of the cost ( sans 24 dollars or so for mailing it ) , which they requested i dont send it back

-1
it 's not worth it .
you ca n't run anything on it because it 's so old , specifically xcode .
you can not run xcode on it because of the processor or the graphics card or something .
i 've forgotten , but it mainly does n't have the hardware to run any later programmes because it 's ancient .

-1
i thought i was doing good when i purchased this for my boyfriend for christmas after my old housekeeper robbed me and stole his computer he 'd left over as well .
he really tried to make it work , but this laptop is worthless .
he ca n't do anything with it , it 's so slow you ca n't browse the internet , plus it was kind of yellow and ugly .
i figured it would n't be the fastest thing , but i thought it would be usable .
not so much .
buy a new macbook , and save yourself the money .

-1
this apple ibook g4 is now what i expected to be with camera video , and with profesiional internet and i really hate it !
!
!
!
now i buyed one new computer from apple store in store because i went to apple store for buy a professional computer !
so i recomand you do not buy from interneet if you really want something very good and do n't buy anymore this things from internet and buy a professional one and with professional is less viruses but not from internet and go in store better because in internet they lie !
!

-1
i purchased this laptop in march 2011 as a birthday present for my son and it stopped working in august 2011 .
all of a sudden the screen stopped functioning .
when i took the laptop to an apple store to get it diagnosed they advised it needed a new lcd and it would cost another couple hundred dollars .
betamacs will not do anything since it is past the 30 day warrenty period so in hindsight i should have put the $ 200 towards a new computer if i was going to wind up spending $ 500 anyway .

-1
i gave it on christmas as a gift it already broke 1/3/12 , child is now very unhappy and im out the money great way to do business

-1
because i can not rewrite a review for kelly , because she asked me to take the last one down , i will write the review here .
i bought this computer in august and the hard drive has already died and the computer is completely unusable .
i am very disappointed with amazon for not letting me write a review on this seller , because people should know what sort of lousy , unreliable products she is selling .
if i could give this 0 stars , i would !
so unhappy .
what a waste of over $ 200 .

-1
i have an older version of averatec 2200 and i 've had this probally no more than two years and it was bought as new .
the truth is , weather you believe this or not .
the laptop and the battery itself overheats in a short period of time .
it gets so hot that it burns my hand when i touch it or on my lap .
i do n't recommend this computer or any of its making of this model because of the overheating problem .
i do n't know about the new one though but i 'm referring to the averatec 2200 version .
i do n't seem to find one here on amazon.com so i 'm least letting you guys know this computer heats up and it can be unsafe .

-1
do n't repeat it .
averatec dies after 6 months .
the customer support is very unfriendly .
i had to garbage it and buy another brand .
never buy averatec

-1
if you are planning to buy averatec stop and listen to my bitter experiences ( 2 of them ) .mine : i purchased a prior version of this and within 8 months ( 1 ) computer started switching off automatically due to heating problem ( 2 ) the exterior lost painting and some exterior parts came out .
it looked very old and ugly .
( 3 ) as i was working on the laptop one day i lost display .
i sent it to the repair facility .
they took 3 weeks to find my serial number and then they said i have to pay $ 336 as the display is not covered under warranty .
remember i was typing an email when the display was lost .
it was not my problem.my friend 's : ( 1 ) his averatec computer simply died ( may be due to heating problem ) on the 14th month .
since the warranty was over he had to throw it away.so please be careful and never buy averatec .

-1
my vaio is one year old .
i spend at least 10 hours a week trying to keeping this pos with a pulse .
the wireless card has gone out which means i have to have a usb connection .
thx guys ... ur the best .
i can not tell u how disappointed i am with sony .
i have other sony products but b/c of this i will definitely reconsider .
btw sony you can also give ms a high five for letting me down ( you allowed them to respresent your product ) .

-1
warning : do not buy a new sony vaio of any kind with vista if you want to record any audio off of your sound card - meaning the internet .
sony has permanently disabled the `` wave '' or `` stereo out '' abilities of they 're new computers .
on all other major brands there is a simple two click solution , but sony has deemed it in their best interests to make it impossible to reverse .
this is a serious and deliberate flaw that they 've built into their computers with bigger `` corporate interests '' in mind , not the usefullness of their computers to the average consumer .
be warned .
see this forum for more information.
[ ... ]

-1
i brought this laptop 2 years ago .
first , i did not read the reviews online .
the laptop is so hot after 1 hour and you ca n't put on the lap bc it is very hot .
do n't buy sony laptop , it 's not worth it guys .
i am the fan of sony but after this one , i wo n't go for sony laptop again

-1
i have had this computer for 1.5 years now and i have finally reached the pt where i need to rant .
i did a lot of research to ensure i bought a very good notebook but it seems i did n't do enough research .
from the very start , this computer had problems.- the camera would n't work for the most part .
it would take 3 restarts to get it working again .
this problem has recently been fixed with some new vista updates- incompatibility with vista and itunes = no cd drive ; this problem is well documented online and as of now there is no solution ; for a 1200 dollar computer , i think i deserve a cd drive !
- frequent crashes -- -i have seen the blue screen of death many times over the last year- the most urgent problem yet : my left mouse button does n't work anymore !
this is the most used part of the computer !
- another very annoying thing -- -the battery is completely useless now !
i unplug the power and the computer goes from 100 % -0 % power in a total of 10 minutesthus , if u were to ask me , i would definitely not buy this computer again .
i thought vaio would be a reliable brand but i was severely disappointed .
i will now live out the life of this computer by switching the functions of my left and right mouse buttons so i can have a functional clicker .
> (

-1
an awful product .
i have had this computer for over a year and have finally reached the point where i will just throw it away and get a different notebook .
key problems : 1 ) crashes or gets `` hung up '' incessantly , as in several times a day 2 ) sony does not provide the vista disc so recoveries are difficult 3 ) comes preloaded with a bunch of clunky and buggy sony software 4 ) has known software compatibility issues with vista and finally and most importantly 5 ) windows vista which would be better served with the name windows vista beta .
buyer beware .

-1
absolutely terrible product - bought a fz 190e notebook in 2007 .
from day one the battery was problematic .
sent in for service and it came back with a note `` works to spec for specified user mode '' - translation the battery lasts 1.5 hours in normal mode .
this is a brick that needs a ac adapter all the time .
also the mouse on the computer is horrible - have a thinkpad from work and the mouse is 100x better .
the only thing worse then the product is their customer service .
my battery died at 14 months - guess what : the $ 400 warranty that i got stiffed for from sony does not cover it .
the single most defective part of their computer is not covered .
btw if you login into their site they dont have any history of purchases .
so in summation : product sucks , sony website sucks , warranty sucks - i think that pretty much covers all the bases they could possibly mess up .

-1
there 's a lot to look at with this laptop .
large screen , it 's pretty , it seems to work fine .
but vista will break your heart and the graphics on this machine are not sufficient to run flight simulator ( and i 've got machines that seem downright scumpy and they 'll run it ) .
but it 's not just hotel , road-warrior gaming .
office , all of my six-sigma stuff , just painfully slow .
oh and sony wo n't even begin to talk to you about downgrading to xp .
there have been any number of times where the machine just seems to lock up , a few times where the entire explorer session ( files and all ) go away .
i 'm certain this would be a great xp machine , but have no idea how to do it .
sigh .
i seriously considered purchasing a mac , and this machine makes me sorry i did n't follow my instincts .

-1
looking at the parameters it is really a nice machine .
visually - same thing.what makes it useless is that the keyboard stops functioning in brand new out of the box machines .
search the web and you will find many examples .
my laptop was alive 2 weeks - now icannot use it as some of the keys do not work.what happens next you call the customer service and they say they send you the return box .
and then they have 10 business days to repair the useless piece of junk that your $ 1300 just turned into.i had many ibms and dells , for periods of couple of years long .
none of that laptops broke in 3 weeks , no even in a couple of years .
my last laptop , also a vaio burned after a year and 2 months .
the truth is - sony makes crappy laptops and has a really poor customer service .
if you want waste time and money - go for that vaio .

-1
i 'm a mac user , but i decided to buy this laptop for my mom , she 's a pc user and refuses to change ... when it arrived it looked ok , but the camera did n't work ... and a week later nothing worked , every time i turned it on , i got the system setup message ... .i called sony and told them all my problems , try to get it to a repair store , but they said they could n't do anything for me , i has to sent back the laptop to amazon ... i 'm still waiting for a new replacement !

-1
i dont know if it is a good news or bad news for you but unfortunately , this computer does not have bluetooth technology !
!
!
!
i had bought a original sony vaio bluetooth mouse and now i can not use my mouse on this computer !
!
!
..this is not a mistakee..this is a fault !
sony does nothing anymore..i hope you will not buy this item.. !
exact these computers , every notebooks exact this have bluetooth..

-1
i compared this vaio with other computers of similar design .
and decided that the price differential ( from a macbook pro ) was compelling enough to opt for the sony .
big mistake.first , the vaio ships with not only a load of crap-ware preinstalled , but the removal of same can cause serious problems .
symantec does n't like removal .
the quickbooks version sent preinstalled is incompatible with vista and it tells you so , should you care to start it up.vista/vaio will only recognize 3gb of ram , even if you take them up on the recommendation to install 4gb.forget about bluetooth .
the vaio does n't come with it installed , or wireless n either .
if you try to install a bluetooth usb the install crashes with various units.the sony does have some nice design features , a beautiful screen , blu-ray drive , and a very cool switch to kill wi-fi when you are in a hostile environment .
it 's light and fast .
but this computer is n't ready for vista , and vista is n't ready for the world.one word on amazon ... they are the best .
they took the vaio back without a sqwauk and refunded my money ... all of it with no restocking charge .
although the computer was a nightmare , dealing with amazon was perfect.bottom line ?
buy a macbook pro from amazon .
get a rebate , good price and sleep at night ...

-1
ok i 'm gon na go be quick and sweet with it .
this computer is not even sony built .
first off the thing will melt cheese it gets so darn hot .
second off if your impressed by the amazing screen you are seeing do not thank sony .
the screen is made by samsung .
yes the sceen is made by samsung .
i found that if a chair falls on the screen it breaks .
i am fixing it myself and i repeat you are buying a samsung screen in a sony name .
do n't buy this computer unless you like paying more cause it says sony or you want the blu-ray player .
otherwise it works as a great with the hdmi output .
i have already had mine overheat and blow a harddrive , my disc drive , and my fan .
consider yourself warned .
yes , yes , i know i am probably one of the lucky few .
but if you own this and have for sometime your lieing if you say it doesnt get hot sitting on your lap .
sony told me not to use it on my lap on at a desktop station .
its called a `` lap '' top for a reason sony .
build em so they work .

-1
as everyone else said .
the motherboard will fry shortly after a year .
they will not replace it .
i turned my laptop on today and the screen does not work .
i need a new motherboard which would cost about $ 400 .
i have held myself back for a really long time but now im getting an apple !

-1
i have a hp pavilion tx1000 which i bought a year ago .
the registration and the internet service pop up kept on appearing even though i already completed registering and already answered `` never remind me again '' .
the wifi also kept on disconnecting and have to restart over and over to get it started .
as of now , the computer is totally dead .
i followed the instructions in the hp website but has no luck .
there is power going thru the battery but it does not respond to any function keys .
avoid this laptop .

-1
i bought one of these exactly a year ago .
it was perfect for my needs .
i loved it .
then one night i attempted to turn it on , and pfffttthhhtthht .
the lights would come on , the fan would start , but it would n't boot up .
i had tried everything recommended on the hp site , plus additional swearing and prayer .
i checked for a solution online - surely , there must be something , right ?
and there were hundreds , thousands of people who had bought the same computer , and about a year , 15 , 18 months in , were having the same thing happen .
turns out this is due to the defective gpu soldered right in the middle of the motherboard .
now , there was a bios update that caused the fan to run constantly , which postpones the inevitable until juuuussst after your warranty expires .
i took mine to my main nerd to make a backup of my hard drive ( which i could n't very well do after it died ) and he confirmed that `` yeah , your motherboard is toasted .
`` but since this is a known defect in the nvidia chipset , hp will take care of you , right ?
hahahahahahahahahahahah not really .
some people have had luck with case managers or appealing directly to the ceo , but most of us are sol .
they still wo n't acknowledge that this is a problem with this model .
they will deny it to you directly , and claim to have never heard of such a thing .
but , as you can see from the other reviews , there are a bunch of us sitting here with $ 1000+ paperweights , wondering whether hp still wants customers at all or not.so , if you want your heart broken , this is the machine for you !

-1
i have the same problem as everybody else .
my hp tx1000 stopped working after a year .
it gets really really hot , it fries the motherboard , first wifi disappears , then the whole thing shuts off and it turns into an expensive and fancy paperweight.hp technical support is neither technical nor support .
it 's time hp stopped selling these pieces of crap and recalled themgor god 's sake do not buy hp do not buy nvidiado n't get ripped off

-1
at first , this was supposed to be a great product .
it has everything you could look on a notebook : is a tablet pc ( touch screen ) , figerprint reader , bluetooth , card reader , 12.1 '' screen , and it worked good enough , at first .
however , after 12 months of use it just would n't turn on at all .
so it was taken to hp where they replaced the motherboard and everything was back to normal .
however , after 4 months sometimes it turns on , sometimes it wo n't .
hp tech support just said , sorry it 's the motherboard again but this time the warranty has expired , so it 'll $ 600- $ 700 aprox .
i looked for a second opinion and apparently there seems to be a problem with the video processor nvidia geforce 8400-8600 series found on the pavilion tx series .
so buyer beware ... !
!
!

-1
i 'd like to say this computer was great for 12 months .
then just as my warranty expires , the computer wifi disappears and after countless hours with hp tech support , i still do n't have it work .
google hp tx1000 wifi or motherboard and you 'll see they use bad parts .
please do not buy from hp because they computers are horrible and will have you very upset .

-1
please dont buy this laptop , i got this and seven months later the hard disk crashed , also the asus support is terrible they didnt gave me the warranty for it , thank god amazon could help me and solve my problem , thank you to all amazon staff again for this .

-1
i 've had an x61 since september .
in that time my machine has had 2 system crashes , resulting in it spending the majority of the time either at the repair facility , in transit , or in the tedious process of reloading all of my files and software .
the technical support people wo n't tell me what the problem is , so i can only assume it will happen again when it comes back .
aside from that , it has been never been stable .
it has been a complete waste of money and waste of time .

-1
your warranty may be useless .
this is how lenovo does business .
i have owned several ibm thinkpads and have several client groups with them as well and all of the ibm 's have been sturdy and reliable performers.since the transition frmo ibm to lenovo , i have had three lenovo 's , one with a three year warranty .
these last three thinkpads went dead within a a few days to a few weeks and the third had a keyboard that fell apart in addition to multiple usage problems , both s/w and h/w .
having been forced to do the multiple hours of diagnostics myself due to lack of customer service and adequate tech support , i learned and told the techs exactly what the problems were .
they amounted to poor build and quality control both on s/w and h/w .
this was done within the first week of each machine.for three years i tried to get lenovo resolution .
i was repeatedly transferred around , even eventually to a person at ibm , as the first one was sold during the transition .
that `` single point of contact '' , after a few months of calls with no forward motion , the rep told me he would call me back after his family holiday , which was clearly more important than any small business continuity .
of course there was no call back from that lenovo contract employee at the ibm office and no other person to handle the quality and warranty issues of the new machines .
the best they offered was a refurbished machine , which i should pay for prior to shipping and wait for a refund , or send in for repair and wait 2-6 weeks for a response , which according to the `` single point of contact '' would undoubtedly be a refurbished/used unit .
this is to replace a machine that was reported as bad within four days of receiving , that cost over 2,200usd.the warranty called for hot swap repair or return/replacement within thirty days ( authorization required ) .
that 's lenovo `` customer sucksness '' .try asus .
lenovo has been trying to keep pace and has been subverting asus technology ideas to do so for nearly two years that i am specifically aware of .
asus makes a better machine with a better warranty that is actually honored ; better built , more rugged , attractive and green than most , with something for everyone .
most importantly , asus keeps working .
when it does n't perform perfectly or if you want to tweak the system , it is easy to find online , telephone and local support .
if you are not getting an answer locally , it is not too difficult to get to the support lines or even corporate to resolve the issue .
not the case with lenovo.so , i am still sitting here with three bad lenovo 's now that the two and three year warranties have expired without even minimal support from lenovo from the first week , where they continually put me off with reassurances til it was too late to return the new model to the seller .
like many , i too , have contacted the ftc and ag.the poor quality is indicative of lenovo and it 's poor business and manufacturing processes , which are not indicative of ibm or ibm 's original or leftover stock of thinkpads , some of which lenovo may still have.you are very lucky if you got a reasonably well working product , or even replacement parts sent if you had an `` overnight service '' warranty with lenovo ( where people have generally been made to sit for hours with telephone tech support and essentially perform repairs themselves , or simply bury the expensive machine if possibly needed parts are not in stock - there are rarely authorizations for return or replacement ) .after fifteen years of thinkpads , i give up .
the transition to lenovo has left an indelible black mark on the products , from poor quality control and lack of appropriate customer service to abandonement of warranty .
many complaints by many people have been made regarding the failure of lenovo to uphold warranty contracts on the faulty equipment they continue to generate .

-1
i do n't normally go out of my way to review products , good or bad , but lenovo support has been so disappointing that i feel i have to warn others .
i previously owned a thinkpad t30 .
the motherboard failed in the first year , fortunately about a week before the warranty ran out , and so ibm replaced it .
after that the computer worked two more years then stopped working , but it was out of warranty and literally falling apart ( the keyboard popped up in places ) so i went to a neighborhood store and bought a $ 600 toshiba , which has worked great for the last four years and also has way better quality sound and graphics than the thinkpad , the tradeoff being that it does weigh more.the x61 i bought is less than a year old , and the hard drive is now nonfunctional .
lenovo sent a refurbished hard drive as a replacement right away but instead of preinstalling windows on it like you get when you buy the computer , they send a set of 7 cds with very detailed and convoluted instructions that fail to mention you have to press f1 and set the bios to compatibility mode before installing the os .
i called tech support to learn that and then tried again , but the cds still did not work , so after another couple hours on the phone with tech support , they sent me a second set .
these also failed ( disk 4 would not copy ) .
lest you think maybe i 'm just not following directions , my husband also could not get the install procedure to work , and he has an ms in computer science from stanford.another few hours on the phone , including one support person who hung up on me , yielded the info that i could go to a local warranty service provider and have them `` reimage the disk . ''
lo and behold , the companies recommended on yelp and still listed on lenovo 's service provider page no longer do warranty repair because lenovo does not pay them.every time i call lenovo i get a different answer , but after begging three different people to take the computer back and fix it there , i finally got one who agreed to send me a box so i can ship it back to have the os installed .
they refused , however , to check out my ultrabay , which does not burn dvds even though it is supposed to .
now , assuming i get my thinkpad back with an operating system installed , i can look forward to spending the many hours it takes to reinstall all my software and print drivers , track down the receipts for software i downloaded and see if i can reinstall those without paying again , and then transfer my data files from my back-up external drive .
if this is how you want to spend your free time and you love spending hours on the phone with tech support people , repeating to each one your name , address , phone numbers , machine type , serial number , and case number , by all means get a lenovo .

-1
too bad i could n't give it zero star .
if i could , i 'd do it.bought this kind of top from costco .
one month after 2 year warranty expired , the motherboard was broken .
no coverage from hp or costco .
now it 's 100 % of piece of junk .

-1
i was a loyal sony customer until i bought this computer .
the screen broke , twice , and sony charged me to fix it .
i paid extra for a reliable computer -- instead i got a piece of junk .
sony would n't even fix it for free , which stunned me .
go for a different , cheaper brand -- it 's not worth paying extra for a sony anymore .

-1
i bought a sony vaio thinking that sony , being a reputable brand , would at least have good customer service just in case anything went wrong.was i ever wrong !
!
!
!
!
i bought my computer at the end of last september .
by january , the sound card had stopped working .
after several calls to tech support ( the first line of defense is off-shore , and the people while very nice really have no idea how to help you .
its only when you get to the next level of tech support that people can really do anything ) , an in-home technician was dispatched .
i had to wait home on two days for him .
he rebuilt the mother board , but the sound card still would n't work .
of course , at this point we 'd reformatted my hard drive several times , also to no effect.finally it was sent back to the factory , ostensibly fixed and sent back to me in april .
for two weeks it was out of commission .
then i got it back .
it had sound , but no longer was capable of writing to disk or usb drives .
i was so tired of tech support that i figured i 'd just deal with it .
in july it stopped working entirely .
would n't even start.i sent it back to sony ( after lots of tech support calls ) .
after a week a tech support person called to say i 'd be getting a `` vista . ''
turns out it was a restock ( used and rebuilt ) .
they refused to give me a new computer or even to give me a year warranty on the restocked computer .
so after spending over $ 1000 and a year wrangling with computer problems , sony would n't even have the decency of giving me a new computer .
instead they told me i had to call someone in california .
i was on hold with them for two hours at one point , they apparently never pick up .
then i called the regular line and was told that someone would call me .
they never did.i gave up.if you do n't want to waste time and money like i did , buy a mac.the only reason there is one star is that 0 was not possible .

-1
the laptop battery never worked .
once discharged it would not recharge .
would not recommend buying this product in any circumstance .

-1
thinkpad x61 arrived with vista .
it was so slow i had to have the xp cds shipped to `` downgrade '' my system .
the wireless card did not work properly .
the wireless driver would stop whenever the machine would go to sleep and i would have to reboot the system in order to have wireless access .
after several calls i had to sent the machine back to lenovo .
it was returned with the hardware fixed and with vista reinstalled .
luckily i had a norton backup so i could recover my system.a month later the original wifi problem came back , after performing an update recommended by lenovo .
so i am back where i started .
except , of course , that after years of procrastination i finally bought a mac .
nice to see that at least one company does not count on their customers to debug their operating system .
not to mention the good taste .
unfortunately , no mac tablet yet .

-1
i have 4gb or ram and the 1.83ghz processor .
it takes about 7 minutes between turning on the laptop and opening a window in firefox .
ridicolous .
the hard drive goes on and on and on , both at booting time ( for about 20 minutes ) and at random times ( therefore depleting the battery and slowing down the machine ) .
the lenovo software is pitiful , for example accessconnection often crashes , and i have to reboot to simply connect to a wireless network ( vista is so much faster and seldomly crashes while connecting ! )
.
the default software for handwriting sometimes hangs ( without saving changes ) , it randomly forgets to display certain menus , and sometimes does not see the pen .
was n't that the purpose of the program.otherwise , nice and light and pretty fast , when it works .
strongly not recommended .

-1
buyer beware !
!
!
damaged goods.purchased a dell laptop from petersen wireless laptops- laptop was poorly packaged and arrived damaged ( dented in corner ) - wifi did not work- tried to return the product , but have not heard back from the supplier after leaving multiple voice messages and sending email.do n't waste your time and money with this vendor .

-1
the computer was ok but a few months after i bought it the problems began .
first the hard drive died , then the screen.i will never buy an electronic used item again

-1
no truth in advertising here !
!
!
i believe this advertisement is a lie !
!
!
and i quote from it : '' this version of the 17-inch macbook pro has a display backlit by lightemitting diodes ( leds ) , this version of the 17-inch macbook pro has a display backlit by light emitting diodes ( leds ) , '' i just checked with the apple store .
inquiring on the macbook pro 17 '' with led display .
and their response was , `` the 17 '' with backlit led has not been announced and is not available '' .are you people inept , stupid , , , or simply cunning liars ?
?
?

-1
this product is bad just stay awaybuy a macbook

-1
i purchased an hp dv9420hp pavilion dv9420us 17-inch laptop ( amd turion 64 processor tl64 , 2 gb ram , 240 gb hard drive , vista premium ) in early 2008 .
within 5 months the display starting going out .
i checked hp 's web site and saw that hp was replacing the mother board on my model due to a design flaw for my exact problem .
hp tech support told me to send it in .
i did and i heard nothing from hp for many weeks .
i checked on line to see a bill for ~ $ 800 .
i called and they stated that my laptop must have had water spilled on it and they would not repair under warranty .
i told them this was completely untrue and to send me the detail of where the water was found when they returned it as i was not going to pay over 1/2 the cost of the original computer .
needless to say they did not send the detail.i sent the $ 1300+ laptop to an outside repair shop that replaced the motherboard for $ 300 .
i asked if they saw any signs of water damage and they stated they had not.i am in the processes of recommending replacement laptops for my office and purchasing several as gifts and due to this experience i am through with hp .
i have used hp hardware for decades and find they are they are no longer the reliable hp of old .

-1
i bought this laptop about 1 1/2 years ago .
it performed flawlessly until about two weeks ago , when the motherboard died ( part # 452449-001 ) .
two days ago , i called the hp parts line where they informed me that that they do not have the part .
the advise of the service rep was that i shop around .
hp does not have the replacement motherboard for a computer that is practically new.i bought for my daughter a similar laptop but with a smaller screen .
she traveled to south africa where it developed screen trouble ( vertical lines ) before the warranty expired .
she found the hp representative in capetown where they informed her that they would not honor the warranty because it had the us suffix ( like in dv6450us ) .
i thought laptops were portable so you could travel with them .
apparently hp does not agree .
after my ex-wife , a lawyer , threatened a lawsuit they changed their mind and serviced my daughter 's computer in sa.it 's a great looking product that will last about 1 1/2 years and you will have a ton of trouble having it serviced.is that what you want ?
hp pavilion dv6450us 15.4 '' laptop ( intel core 2 duo processor , 2 gb ram , 200 gb hard drive , vista premium )

-1
it was broken since day one and hp never made the warranty valid .
they were just wasting my time with emails with thourbleshooting steps but no solution at the end .
do n't buy hp .

-1
we 've owned many different laptops over the years , dell , sony , and gateways .
my daughter was heading to college and wanted a very high-end hp notebook complete with tv tuner .
it sounded great and we even bought the extended 2-year on-site warranty from hp to make sure if there was a problem , she would have the service she needed while on campus.what a mistake !
what hp provides for this many hundreds of dollars borders on criminal .
after 2.5 months of issues and calls , the hard disk was finally recognized as a problem ( the one we bought had 2-160 gb drives ) .
the computer is only three months old .
eagerly we called the `` extended '' service numbers only to find out the 3-day turnaround is 9-10 business days and you need to mail it in to them .
while we clearly had a document stating the `` 3-day '' turnaround complete with pick and delivery , someone obviously offshore stated that we must be mistaken and our only choice was to mail it in and get it back in 2 weeks or they could send us an unformated disk and we can do it ourselves !
if we wanted a new hard disk , we needed to give them a credit card before they would ship a new drive out !
let 's see , my college freshman was going reformat a new drive , for a new computer under warranty , covered by an extended warranty because that 's how special hp believes its customers are !
never again should anyone else be subject to this poor customer service and breach of responsibilities that we suffered at the hands of hp customer service.by another brand !
stay away from hp !

-1
in august , before going off to college , as many other college students have done in the past and continue to do , i went on a search to find a laptop for school .
although my school endorses macs and dells , i decided on an hp .
my family has owned many hp 's in the past and from what i had read it sounded like a great laptop .
unfortunately , it was only great on paper .
it freezes and i have had to erase the hard drive multiple times .
and , the big problem , the battery that it comes with only lasts an hour .
it is not a bad battery though , when hp was contacted , they confirmed that the battery that comes with the laptop is only supposed to last an hour .
there is a battery that will last from 2.5 to 3 hours that you can purchase for $ 150 , but 2.5 to 3 hours is a maximum estimate and that battery hangs below the computer , as they claim , giving your computer a nice slant .
who would market this type of a computer to college students ?
would you really send your own kid off to college to attend lectures with a laptop battery that lasts a maximum of one hour ?
!
i do n't care if a businessman , college student , or any type of student for that matter is using it .
selling a laptop with a battery life of one hour and not having that in the literature is not excusable .
hp should be ashamed .
they should also be ashamed by their incompetent call center workers who , when they do n't disconnect your calls and speak english clearly and know what they are talking about , talk down to you .
one woman forgot to log my call and another said that she would call me back in an hour- it took her over 48 hours .
i eventually had to resort to having my parents handle this issue which has yet to be satisfactorily resolved .
at one point my mother had been on hold for 45 minutes .
now they are sending me the 2.5 to 3 hour battery free , and they suggested i keep that battery that lasts an hour so i can carry it around with me as i have 2 lectures in a row and need the battery to last a minimum of 3 hours , which we all know it wo n't .
how sad is that , even they know the battery wo n't last that long .
unfortunately , in the end it is the college student who is at a disadvantage , as her parents have already shelled out nine hundred dollars on this hp laptop and then went out and got an hp desktop for the family .
yet , had they known that this laptop had such poor battery life , they would have 1 ) never purchased it to begin with and 2 ) kept this one and not purchased the desktop and gotten me a different laptop instead .
needless to say , this will be the last hp product i ever buy .

-1
i want to like this computer .
i have an older hp pavilion and i love it .
however , the new versions of hp computers with vista are horrible .
in the week that i 've had the computer:1 .
quickplay does not work .
you have to boot into windows before using quickplay .
hp knows this , but does n't change the advertising.2 .
hp 's upgrade software does not work currently with vista.3 .
fingerprint reader is buggy.4 .
system restore cd does not restore the computer .
less than a week and it 's ready for a reformat.boxing up the computer tonight .
it 's sad when a company stops being good .

-1
see all the bad buzz on the web about this machine .
wifi fails , vioeo card fails and worst of all it gets really really hot such that you can not have it on your lap .
indeed do not set it down on paper ot it will be a fire hazard .
avoid it .
we have three hp laptops at work and they are all troublesome .
no more hp for us !

-1
i have owned this laptop for about a year and half and let me tell you it has been a headache and a half .
for about a year this laptop worked well .
it ran really hot but i over looked that .
after a year and 2 months my wireless quit working then 3 months later my computer died .
as i looked into this ( i googled `` tx1220us problems '' ) i found out that many people have had the same problems i have had .
many hp tx series laptop have been going out and hp has n't taken steps to help the customers.this laptop is for : if you are looking for an over priced laptop that will work for a year and a half this is for you.this laptop is not for : if you are looking for a dependable laptop that will last a while.ps .
i will be selling mine .

-1
my wifi stopped working within the 1-year warranty.the display stopped working after 15 months.do a little research before you buy ... i 'm out $ 1300 & hp wants $ 400 to replace the motherboard , which will overheat , rinse , & repeat.
[ ... ]

-1
i purchased this computer when it first came out .
for functionality it was ok as the touchscreen ends up not being as useful as a powered one and ends up making the screen dull and hard to read .
also battery life was short ( 2hr ) , making dvd watching difficult , it was not as light as you would think and it got almost painfully hot at times .
however , the real problem is that 15 months after purchase , the motherboard failed , in the very same way the dv2000 series does .
unfortunately , hp does not stand by this product , as they state it is not a `` known issue '' ( for this series , despite having the same processor/nvidia graphic chip combo ) and they offered to repair it for an additional $ 400 , after already suggesting i have it evaluated by an authorized repair center for $ 70 .
i believe another reviewer had the same problem .
i ended up having to buy another laptop because of work obligations .

-1
too late for a few of us .
this pc is described by amazon as a tablet pc with a touchscreen .
well , now i am sending it back , but it is going to cost me % 15 of the total to do it , around $ 180 because of amazon , not me .
go to a local retailer so you can see the devices in person and ask questions of a sales clerk .
********* buyer beware .
*********edited 8/2 - amazon has refunded the entire $ 1199.99 , but not shipping cost to send it back .
i did go to an area circuit city and bought the 1219 model ( which has touchscreen and voice recognition ) .
i really like it .

-1
i speced out a nice dell laptop for work , my boss got me this cheaply built pos from costco instead , saving a whopping $ 100 over my well decked out dell.the touch screen is pretty much useless .
the speed at which the stylus tracks is so slow you have to do everything in super slow-mo to actually work.it came with vista ultimate and 2 gigs of ram .
this laptop feels like it drags as much ass as my apple g3 laptop still does today .
startup to usable time is about 5 minutes , launching applications ( especially outlook ) is sometimes as long as a minute or two .
this thing feels downright slow all around .
amazing for a brand spanking new computer with this much ram.the wireless gave out at 13 months .
hp told me to pound sand , and i should buy a new wireless card for $ 90 ... one month out of warranty .
i let a few months go by , and broke down and bought a new wireless card .
i installed it , and it did n't fix the problem .
upon further research , i learned that the bus on the motherboard is what actually goes bad , its a common problem , hp knew about it , and hid the problem , not doing the right thing for customers and swapping the motherboards.when i use the monitor port , my second monitor often forgets its position in relation to the laptop monitor , and i have to set it up all over again .
prolly a vista problem .
also , the second monitor connector is loose and the colors get screwy .
i have to rest the connector on top of a pencil on my desk to get it to work properly.the hp dvd player application is crazy buggy and useless .
so is the hp health update , which downloads crap and does n't install anything .
i 'm amazed hp let it out of qc , but at this point , i think hp cut their entire qc staff .
yes , i got all my updates , and nothing is fixed.now , 20 months into ownership , my motherboard dies .
it no longer starts at all .
it crashed on me , i force turned off the computer , and now it wo n't past post to start .
i hit the power button , lights flash for about 1/4 second , and nothing .
i now have a bunch of work to do , and now have to do it on my 10 year old apple g3 laptop ... which still runs fine , apart from a dead battery.screw this hp pos .
i will never buy hp again .

-1
i just received my new tx1210us from amazon today and it does not have a touchscreen .
as of today ( july 18th ) it is still advertised here ( and on other sites such as cnet ) as a tablet pc with an integrated touchscreen .
after spending several hours trying to set up my new computer and calibrate the imaginary touchscreen , i called hp directly.the tx1210 never comes equipped with a touchscreen .
you have to get the tx1220 to get this functionality .
i have contacted amazon about the misadvertisement , so hopefully it will be corrected soon .
in the meantime , do n't fall into the same trap i did !

-1
this is one of the worst notebook i ever tried .
a machine with 2 processors , 2gb ram , 2,2 mhz should be much better.my old notebook with 512 ram , 1,5 pentium m and windows xp is twice faster than this hp with the terrible windows vista.i am realy disapointed.weel , sorry for my bad english

-1
this is the worst laptop i 've ever used !
first of all it died after only 17 months because the mother board could n't take the over heating anymore ... this laptop has some well know isues ( see wikipedia ) and i experienced almost all of them.
# it had ongoing problems with wireless connectivity .
when the laptop was too hot ( for example after 15 minutes of watching a movie or something ) the wireless disconnected .
and never dream about watching a video while downloading something !
! )
# it had problems with the lid switch ( a.k.a .
the switch that makes screen power off when you close the screen folder ) .
sometimes i just closed the laptop hoping it will sleep ( and therefore cool a little bit ) but when i was back the computer was still on.
# it had problems with the integrated webcam .
it worked one time and the next one did n't .
i had to restart the computer 50 % of the times i wanted to use the webcam.
# after the laptop has been operating for around 45 minutes , the bottom of the computer gets very hot .
it suffers from cooling problems , especially when in tablet mode , and may cause discomfort or minor burns .
the hot operating temperature may be contributing to crystallization of solder at the nvidia/board interface , resulting in widespread boot failure with black screen of death .
( it actually happened to me ) the hp service is terrible .
they have n't admit the problems with these laptops and they wanted to charge me more than $ 500 just to `` check '' my computer.do not by any hp from this series !
!
!
!
you can read a lot more on the web !

-1
i bought this one when it was launched .
after 18 months , the motherboard failed and to replace it geek 's gave an estimate of 1100 $ which is more than the new laptop 's price .
as soon as i bought it , the system took a while to start , so i added aditional 2gb ram , but it has n't improved the performance .
i ca n't use it without a cooling pad since it generates so much heat with which you can cook your meal.. : ) do n't ever buy this model , one of the worst product hp ever launched .

-1
this would be an outstanding product except for the heat issue .
i love this computer but it continues to get hotter and hotter .
i am going to put it in the shop this friday and see if there is anything a tech can do to help with the overheating .
whenever i use the hp tx1220us it sits on a fan designed for cooling laptops and i use an additional small personal fan blowing on it .
regardless it continues to overheat almost to a point its to hot to touch !
if u are looking to purchase this computer my advice to you is do n't .

-1
this unit is a sound concept and i will highlight what 's good about it first : ( 1 ) the form factor and size is pretty cool , ( 2 ) the stylus and pen capability is cool and works well , ( 3 ) the display is bright and very readable/visible.ok now to why i did n't like the product !
!
: ( 1 ) the battery life is only 3 hours .
pretty bad for a portable device .
( 2 ) the os is vista .
this is way over bloated for a device like this that has only 1gb memory and a 800mhz cpu .
it just canna ' handle it captin ' !
!
in all reality vista needs a lot more power to run and on a platform like this if fails to run adequately .
i used all techniques to reduce the load on the cpu but it still failed miserably at ( a ) running skype [ not a very taxing application ! ]
and ( b ) running itunes playing a song .
it looks like vista is taking all the cpu horsepower and not leaving anything for the applications .
trying video is , to be honest , a complete joke .
even a down-sampled qcif is choppy !
( 3 ) there is only 1 sd memory slot - i would expect a few if one of them is to be used as the boot flash ( which vista could n't get to work - i 'm not sure if this was a sd speed issue or a chipset issue ) .as a result i 'm giving this a 1 star rating as it 's basically an expensive door-stop .
great concept .
too power hungry , too much heat given off , great tablet , too heavy , too expensive , inadequate cpu horse power , too little memory , inadequate graphic capabilities ( the chipset needs to be more advanced for vista and direct-x 10 onwards ) .

-1
the touch screen stops working in a week , i found many people with the same problem , see [ ... ] skype does n't works either , a lot of echos.do n't buy this thing .
pretty but awful .
1299.00 , my worst buy ever .

-1
we bought this to manage pictures and email while travelling.pro : it 's a full windows vista computer small enough to carry in a large coat pocket .
ok battery life .
good gadget factor .
it will pass airport security while in your bag.con : very slow .
too small to be substitute for a full sized computer .
the `` keyboard '' is a joke .
without a hard cover the screen is in constant jeopardy of damage.overall this was far more frustration than it was worth .
returned it to amazon .
next time we will take a laptop .

-1
i purchased this vaio [ ... ] in december 2007 for , near as i can remember , around $ 1000 .
in january 2009 , one month out of warranty the screen developed vertical lines .
between january and early april there came to be a total of 23 such lines .
i investigated an after market screen replacement [ ... ] .
just great .
it came with vista ultimate which worked ok but i like xp better , even so .
the os had some glitches and would rearrange email sorts very often so i had to go in and reset them .
but by and large , aside from the screen , no major issues except for two days ago .
i returned from a 5 day trip and turned on the computer and it is now dead .
i checked the power supply and it 's fine so it 's a problem with something inside the computer .
i 'm hoping it 's not a major $ event but as a vaio i fear it will be .
in addition to the foregoing my major complaint with the computer is that it 's too big .
technically , it 's barely a laptop and has a huge screen footprint and in addition , it 's heavy .
that 's not a complaint , per se , more like a negative against preference - i knew it was going to be big when i bought it .
if it were not for the hardware problems noted herein , which surely are show-stoppers , i would be torn between a 3-star rating and a 4 , but as it is , i would rate it a zero given the problems , if i could .
i 'm in the process of removing the primary hard-drive for installation into an external inclosure , hoping to regain access to my important data since this machine is busted - but i resent having to mess with all of this - i resent it alot .
if it 's too expensive to fix i 'm gon na junk it - but one thing for sure , i wo n't buy a vaio ever again .
hope this commentary helps someone .
regards to all .

-1
purchased on 10/9/2007 from best buy their special .
it is this notebook and also case and mouse , all pink , it is the cancer awareness special .
it looks nice .
from day one the sd media card reader and also the sony meomry stick reader both of them do not read ( they are 2 different slots on the side of the laptop ) .
best buy geek squard spent hours on it trying to fix it .
it did not work and they finally had to go to get a new one from another store .
i now have it and hope it works .
from talkinhg with geek squard i gathered that this quality issue and other quality issues with new sony viao is now very common .
it appears that sony viao 's series the quality has declined a lot in recent months / years .
what is worse is that sony viao is a high price line ( higher than others ) and yet with bad quality .
my whole problem with this took 1 month and i am still unsure if this has been resolved .
had to visit best buy numerous times .
it was a real hassle .
also this computer runs slow at the factory installed 1 gb total ram so i had to pay extra to get it to 2 gb and i am unsure if it works considering the windows vista `` drainage '' .

-1
i bought this system back arround december of last year ( 2007 ) .
it was an ok system at the beginning .
there were multiple reasons why i didnt like this system .
i noticed on the system when i bought it , says battle ready game enabled ghost recon 2 ( a pc game ) .
but after installing the game , it said the cpu wasnt compatable ( that it was slower than recommended ) .
second arround jan 2008 , the system started having problems .
i took it to a toshiba authorized repair center and they replaced both hard drives , the motherboard for graphic card problem and something else that had to do with the motherboard .
and they replaced the network card on the motherboard ( it connects to the motherboard ) .
then i moved arround the end of jan 2008 .
then i started having more problems again with the hard drive .
so i sent it in direct to toshiba for repair .
they replaced both hard drives 2 times for both .
and when i got my laptop back the side where the pci slot on the top cover assy was broken off .
and there is some white paper hanging out of the bottom left lcd display.ive used a apple , and sony laptop before and ive never had this much trouble with a system before .
i also am a laptop and desktop tech , and ive never seen any laptop with this much trouble .
and i still am having lots of trouble with this system .
i plan to just sell it and get a sony or dell.just wanted to give this review and let anyone know before they make there decision .

-1
a co-worker bought this computer then i bought the same model the next day .
he started having the problem with the screen going blank at random times , requiring hard reboots , on the first day he used it .
this continued over the next few days , it happened 10 times total .
he then returned it to circuit city .
when the sceen goes blank , you can see that there is still power to the sceen , but its not displaying any signal.i am now having the same problem , but less frequently than he was .
toshiba tech support had me do a couple driver updates but that did n't solve the problem .
i 've been running the laptop with the battery removed and the ac adapter plugged in and have n't had the problem return in the past 24 hours , i do n't know if this will continue however .
has anyone else tried running the laptop on ac power alone and the battery removed - and still have the blank screen problem ?
update : well it just crashed again .
so far i 've done the bios update , graphics driver update , and ran with the battery removed ... .still get the blank screen

-1
i have an a75 the class action lawsuit model .
it has been crap the whole time i 've owned it .
almost three years and still sucking .
just sent it in for the 6th time not to count the times i 've used the recovery cd .
i say get the word out they suck .
word of mouth is still the best way to spread truth and it needs to be spread until they start creating a real product and not a shell of one .
do n't bother with tech support .
they could n't fix a cup of coffee .
i was thinking about buying this model because of the price but i 'm glad i research it on the internet .

-1
so i neglected to do research before purchasing this computer .
boy was that a mistake .
it seemed like it would be a great notebook that had all the specs i needed .
it took about two hours before the screen went black the first .
i lost count at 25 times after that .
i took it back to best buy and they were very sympathetic to my dilema .
they gave me another one to take home and i thought my problems were solved ... boy was i wrong .
the same thing happened again and i had to take it back .
at this point i decided to buy a more expensinve hp instead and i have been more than satisfied .
dont buy this computer unless you want a one headache after another .

-1
i bought this at best buy locally .
i recieved my first one and the screen would suddendly go blank .
i would have to restart it by pushing the power button .
i took it to get diagnosed and it was a bad motherboard.just recieved the replacement .
it did the same thing the first time i used it .
assuming the motherboard is bad.when i took this one back , i was told that there was another one that came in with a bad motherboard.i am extremely disappointed that if i could give it zero stars i would .
please buy something else and save yourself the headache.do n't know what features i like since it did n't stay on long enough to really use the computer !

-1
2 weeks ago our laptop died and because i swore i 'd never buy another compaq again , we went with the toshiba on the recommendation of our computer tech .
bad idea !
!
the first day we got it i was on the internet and the screen went black .
i figured i must have hit something that set it in hibernation mode so i held down the power button until it shut down and restarted it again .
a couple hours later , same thing ... the next day , again and so on .
i decided to do some research as i was planning on taking it in tomorrow to have it looked at .
well , after going on many websites , i have discovered this is happening all over the place .
i am not the only one !
!
!
i wish i had read these reviews before i bought mine.needless to say , i am taking this laptop back tomorrow .
i am not wasting my time with a company that knows they are selling a product that is flawed and yet they continue to do so.do n't buy this computer , you will be sorry !
!

-1
i purchased this machine because of its price/feature ratio .
on paper , it 's a great deal .
in reality , the a215 series of toshiba satellites ( maybe other series as well ) continue to suffer from the aforementioned `` black screen of death '' affliction .
i 've just gotten my a215-s4767 back from a toshiba authorized repair shop .
their solution ?
alter the power management feature and jack the minimum processor power state to 100 % while this seems to solve the black screen issue , it 's effectively turned my laptop into a very hot-running desktop .
this `` official '' fix cuts battery life by more than 50 % and likely will result in the premature death of the processor .
i 'm 20 days or so beyond my return window so i 'm demanding that toshiba refund my money or give me an equal credit towards a more reliable machine .
bottom line : do n't be tempted by the price.update : just in case anyone is considering the purchase of one of these machines ( used or otherwise ) , please be aware that as expected , my machine is now dead , a victim of the `` official '' toshiba fix list above .
this laptop gave me about 10 months of use , what a waste .

-1
i bought a toshiba satellite a210/a215 series laptop little less than two weeks ago .
let 's just say it 's going back this monday .
like others here who have laptops from the satellite a210 series , my screen randomly goes black while the power appears to remain on .
moving the mouse , hitting the keys , doing ctrl + alt + delete does nothing .
only a hard restart works .
i ca n't say i 'm a computer expert , but going by the other reviews , it seems toshiba has built a faulty product .
considering my much older laptop , which lasted me four years , never went to the black screen of death , i ca n't imagine why this new , and semi-expensive product would be so fatally flawed .
a laptop should n't go to black screen the first day you get it !
perhaps it 's overheating ( even though i have a fan underneath ) , perhaps the brand has faulty components ... i do n't know .
all i know is i now have to be burdened with bringing this back and getting a different brand .
it 's a shame because otherwise the laptop is great , and from what i hear toshiba was considered by many to be a good brand .
it seems `` was '' is the keyword .
i recommend that people do n't buy this laptop until toshiba fixes this major flaw .

-1
i recently bought this computer , the first time that i turn on the computer everything seems to be working just fine .
the second time the computer put itself a bios password and now i can not access my laptop , i researched about this and apparently this is a well know toshiba issue and they do n't do anything about it .
i call costumer service and they told me that i should take my computer to the support company in my country and wait for their solution.this is the first and last time i bought a toshiba .
dell is much better concerning new computers and costumer support .

-1
i 've used all kinds of laptops , including other toshibas , with little or no problems .
i purchased the s4747 because it has a built-in web cam and microphone and it was on sale .
i opened the box and started using it even before checking reviews ; that was my mistake .
i 've relearned the lesson that even with a good brand like toshiba i should check reviews first !
i had the same `` black screen of death '' that other reviewers have mentioned .
i worked with several technicians at toshiba technical support for many , many hours trying to fix the problem ( ticket 1-704536542 ) .
they were convinced that it was not a problem at all , rather , that the pc was simply going into hibernate mode , even though i repeatedly told them that the problem occurred while i was using the pc and it was plugged in to power .
or , when i told them that i had to do a hard reboot to get the pc to work again , they would tell me that all i had to do was press the power button for a short time to bring it out of hibernate mode .
it was extremely frustrating , though they were certainly `` polite .
`` the black screen of death is bad enough , but it did n't happen every day .
what is worse , in a way , is the cursor problem .
if i rested my hands on the laptop while i typed , the cursor would jump all over the place , sometimes erasing entire sentences .
this happened almost every paragraph , and i was forced to watch my typing so that i could reposition the cursor .
or , i was forced to keep my hands up and completely off the laptop , which resulted in arm fatigue after a page or two of typing .
you can imagine how much this slowed my typing speed !
at first , toshiba technical support tried to tell me that i was getting my fingers , thumbs , or hands on the touchpad , causing the cursor to move , but i knew that was n't the case .
then they thought that perhaps the touchpad itself was overly sensitive , that the vibrations on the case were causing the cursor to move .
but they could n't figure out how to adjust the touchpad or pointer sensitivity .
those parts of the operating system which control it were missing , and they did n't know why !
at that point , after so many hours and so much frustration , i gave up and decided to return the laptop.some reviewers seem not to have any problems with their laptops .
does that mean there are quality control issues and only some of these models have problems ?
i do n't know .
but do you want to take the chance ?
i would have liked to keep this pc.update : a friend asked me to fix a problem with hibernation on her toshiba laptop ( a different model ) , and toshiba tech support told me that i needed to reload windows from the recovery cds that came with the unit , which i did ( ticket 1-718056769 ) .
not only did this not fix the original problem , it created a new - and worse - problem with the video drivers .
after more hours on the phone with toshiba , they informed me that the software on the recovery cds was corrupt and i needed a new set , which would cost $ 40 .
since the laptop was still under warranty i objected to this charge , but i was told that is toshiba policy .
between the bad customer support and the billing for defective parts under warranty , i do n't think i 'll be purchasing a toshiba again .

-1
the first notebook i received woul just shut down randomly .
i returned and amazon sent me another one .
the second would n't even start up .
they were both awful .
i sent that one back also and opted for my money back .

-1
i had a toshiba satellite notebook and experienced great warranty service .
this time i decided to buy one of the top of the line notebook from toshiba .
but the notebook went in to problem little more than a month after i got it .
i sent it to repair shop and i was notified it was the main board problem .
they ordered new main boards twice still can not fix the problem .
i wounder if this is only an isolated problem or toshiba computer is not reliable at all .

-1
i 'm so disapointed with this laptop .
it 's slow with vista and the buildin webcam doest work right .
i use webcam in yahoo and when you receive other cam , your cam will get dead .
i have a `` green '' screen once and it shutdown the laptop .
when i started it say that because of the webcam driver !
i comment strongly do not buy this laptop .

-1
i bought this computer before christmas .
it took 5 weeks to get sent to me .
it has tons of shareware and does not function with vista .
in other words i was better off with my 5 year old sony vaio laptop than this one .
within 3 weeks the computer keyboard completely malfunction .
with different caps turning on and off each time that i started my computer .
it is now march 24 , 2008 and i still have not got my computer back from their repair depot .
not to mention that the customer service is terrible .
that is even comparing them to other terrible customer service such as dell .
i wanted to simply get my money back and they are unwilling to do this .
i have left a review on many of the computers that have different configurations .
i assume they are all junk and since i have been on hold 30 minutes ( for the 5th time ) i wanted to use my time wisely .

-1
i bought two machines for two users at far away different locations .
both machines died the same way - smoke came through the keyboard suddenly for a few seconds ( two user 's description ) and screens went off .
poor quality electronics inside it appears .
never bought toshiba since 2007 .
i am done with my love affair with toshiba , that 's unfortunate .

-1
this product is horrible .
their tech support is disgraceful .
when i first got this product i had it for less then 2 weeks before the wireless card died .
then 3 weeks later i got it back .
less then a week after that the computer crashed .
i had to start from scratch again .
then the internal wireless card died again .
i would never tell someone to get it it is horrible .

-1
i bought this computer 16 months ago .
the first months i used it it worked pretty decent , although it was a little noisy .
i did n't care much about that and in order to avoid this problem i used it in power saver mode , so the fan was less noisy .
right after the warranty expired ( month 13 ) the pc started to overheat and shut down automatically .
i called hp and they said they can not do anything since the warranty expired .
so basically i can not do anything with this pc because it overheats just by turning it on .
i have talked to other people about this and it seems these pcs are programmed to have problems like this after the warranty period .
i am really dissapointed about this product and about this brand , which used to be good in the past .
now , i only can recommend people not to buy hp products .

-1
i think it is more interesting watching the grass growing rather than doing your jobs using this laptop .
it is so slow , nothing you can do about it .
a job that takes 2 minutes to an ordinary pc takes about 20 minutes as it freezes all the time .
no to mention the external card input , if you add a firewire device it locks up the internet .
i think seriously there should be taken legal action against acer .

-1
this is my first toshiba laptop and certainly my last .
after the first month of use , i had recurrent problems where the screen would suddenly go blank , then come back on .
wiping the hard disk and reloading the operating system did not fix this problem .
although it is merely irritating , and possibly a vista problem , i have read that other toshiba satellite users with xp have experienced similar problems.shortly after the 1 year warranty lapsed , the sound failed .
reloading the realtek audio driver and trying other fixes did nothing .
i have owned 2 dell and one ibm laptop , and never had the sort of problems i have had with this computer .

-1
i have had this machine for six months and it has been nothing but aggravation .
i think i know all of the gateway support technicians on a first name basis .
out of the box , the laptop had issues .
it locked up and crashed .
repeated calls to gateway produced conflicting excuses - one technician told me that you had to run the anti-virus software at all times , another told me that the mcafee software that came on the system was actually incompatible with windows vista .
they recommended deleting programs that i would not use that came pre-loaded - it did n't help .
i bought more memory - it did n't help .
the machine just crawled at a snail 's pace .
my 17 year old wo n't even use it , she says it is too slow to bother with .
the final straw was this week .
the whole system just would start up and crash , start up and crash .
so i called gateway ( again ) and they told me to do a system recovery and back up .
well the recovery worked but the backup did n't .
i lost all of my files .
the tech said `` oops '' .
so now i have a crappy laptop and no personal files .
no tax returns , no pictures , no personal files .
and they say `` oops '' .
i will never buy a gateway again .
[ ... ] , and 6 months of my life .

-1
i bought this product in december of 2008 and i am very disappointed in hp .
their products and customer service are going down the tubes .
when i call or try chat i get someone from india ( outsourcing at it 's finest , thanks for helping the recession along hp ! )
.
the battery life stinks ( i have two , one 6 cell and one 8 and at first they would last about 7 hours .
now they last about 3 ) .
to upgrade the memory ( and with 2 gig i did have to ) you have to remove the keyboard !
active memory shows at just below 3 gig instead of the 4 i installed so another interesting fact and hp ca n't explain ( i have had very little help from hp customer support .
i do n't think they know much about their own product at all .
i have to use chat to communicate because on the phone i sometimes get an indian whose accent is so thick i ca n't understand his `` english '' ( if you ca n't understand it is it still english ? )
.
never again will i buy hp .
another american company down the tubes !

-1
you should be able to find good reviews of the computer elsewhere , so i wo n't go into that.but i will share with you my nightmarish experience with their service.about 6 months after buying it , i dropped the computer from a low height .
totally my fault , though because it 's a delicate machine it was damaged .
i 've dropped dells and acers in my life and not had problems.so i paid $ 800 to have them fix it at their repair center .
they did fix it , but they sent it back to me with a host of new problems .
the battery did n't work , the screen would flash unpredictably , etc .
it was unusable.i called their support line ( and suffered through the typical long wait ) and they told me to send it back to their repair center .
i protested -- i just did that , and i had to wait a week for it to come back , and when they did send it back it was broken .
why would i do that ?
but they told me i had no choice .
so i send it back .
they would n't charge me for it.guess what ?
when they sent it back to me it was still broken !
i called them back to report the issue .
they want me to send it back to their support center .
why , so i can wait a week to have them send it back to me broken again ?
every time i deal with their support people it takes 30 minutes and is very painful.i will never buy sony again .

-1
bought sony vgn-sz670n/c in dec , 07 from fry 's and thankfully purchased extended ( 5yr ) warranty .
vista was terrible right off and had to pay to get downgraded to xp.it ran very hot from day one .
first hd went out in march,08 ; fry 's replaced .
it worked fine but noisy until today 9/13/09 the hd died again .
in process of trying to get frysto fix it again .
too bad spend $ 2200 on what suppose to be top of the line and it turns to junk.compare this to my two entry level mac ibook g4s purchased in dec 2004 and both are still working fine with no problems ; still use them most everyday .
both run cool and quite and no os problems !

-1
even after reading the reviews i bought this laptop because of `` name '' and `` style '' , and loved it for few days ... and then came to realize that this laptop is slower than my wifes , 899 dollar toshiba ( 1.8 ) .horrible performance , it was taking around 3-5 mins to re-boot .
also , key board is very noisy , makes more noise than my desktop keyboard , very annoying , especially in meetings.but kudos to amazon for providing 'amazing ' service and helped me return the laptop.thanks

-1
hi , i have bought this sz series laptop and it was good for couple of months , later it started giving problems the left mouse button do not work , then sometime the mouse pad doest work compeletly ... sometimes the laptop freezes and nothing works ... .when ever i call sony they say to reboot or re-install the drivers after being on hold for 20 to 30min ... .i would say it is a sleek good looking one but if you want to buy it , buy even the extended service plan and also should use it as the second laptop in the house not as primary .

-1
after two years , the laptop keeps rebooting due to overheating .
restoring the vista back to original setting seems to fix the problem .
after one year , it happens again .
i am trying to put an ice pad under the laptop to recover the data .
very disappointed that i think i need to retire it after transferring the data .
sony needs to do a better job since this a $ 2000+ machine .
i do n't think i 'll buy sony pc again .

-1
the amount of software loaded on this computer is obscene , and this is not an exaggeration .
just to do any single task , the computer would take 60 seconds or more to respond because there is just that much software loaded into memory .
it is insane , i am not exaggerating !
just uninstalling everything does n't remove all the residual miscellaneous files and settings that the system must deal with in order to run regular tasks .
if you buy this machine , i would suggest you use your own copy of windows to overwrite what is there so the computer is clean and runs at optimal level .
other than though , the computer 's performance had a vista performance score of 3.5 , but was very unimpressive when using it .
next , the video was iffy on this machine when connected to an external monitor , it was unbelieveably unstable .
lastly , when this computer is connected to its docking station , the dvd drawer dragged along the surface is is laid on meaning you have to move your mouse and mousepad completely out of the way .
one last thought : it was not a sturdy machine .

-1
yes , our hard drive just failed also .
we 've been fighting this vaio for over 2 years now.first slow , and had to uninstall bloatware from sony.then still too slow so we erased vista and put xp .
then it was good.now the seagate momentus psd 5400 160gb made in china died and we had to start all over again .
: ( for such a fancy and expensive computer , why does sony put cheap components like this momentus inside ?
not nice to fool their customers.i put in a wd 7200 scorpio black sata and it flies now .
xp boots wicked fast .
almost like its not a sony vaio !
: ) the problems do n't end here .
the battery is completely dead .
so i can not unplug the vaio just to move from the kitchen to the bedroom .
it will die .
i have to shutdown completely .
tried looking for new batteries and they are all still in the $ 160 range for this old model .
forget it.also can not figure out how to permanently disable the bluetooth and the security fingerprint reader .
i 've never seen a laptop that you could n't turn off the bluetooth separately from the wi-fi .
bluetooth is a security risk .
sucking battery for no good reason .
oh wait , i got no battery to suck anyway ... do n't even get me started with my bravia hdtv .
no more sony baloney for me .
they could go the way of circuit city and i would n't shed a tear .

-1
as an owner of 3 ibm thinkpads in the past i have been very disappointed with the lenovo thinkpad t61p .
it worked well enough for nine months but then the screen went out .
when i returned it to lenovo for warranty repair they said the screen was not covered and demanded $ 700.00 .
i pointed out that the machine had not suffered physical damage ( not dropped or dented ) but they said that `` sometimes this just happens '' and it is not covered under the warranty .
some warranty !
lenovo is not in the same class as ibm .
i suggest you look elsewhere for a reliable machine and a reputable manufacturer that honors it warranty .

-1
i think that lenovo formally ibm is mass producing their ibm thinkpad laptops at such a high rate that the end product is very , very poor quality.the t61 is suppose to be a high performance machine .
additionally , i added an additional 4 gig of memory .
however , the machine is extremly slow !
the battery never reaches 100 % capacity .
however , the laptop is never unplugged.tonight , i 've begin having problems with the keyboard .
i have to press some keys several times before the letters reflect onto the screen.i 've only had the laptop for 2 months !
and finally , i am experiencing `` high '' intrusive attacks from various parts of china .
initially , i was puzzled why the attacks were coming from china because i do n't know anyone in china .
the intrusive attacks occur at least 10 times a day.finally , today i realized that lenovo is based in china .
also , when the laptop shipped via ups i was able to track the delivery online .
the laptop originated in china.i am extremely disappointed with the ibm thinkpad.the machine is garbage !
i could have done better at office depot !

-1
after repeated contact with hp support i had to send the defective unit in for repair and i still do not have it .
supposed to be returned by 11-27-07 .

-1
the laptop i received had scratches on the lcd and the hinges were very loose .
the description said normal wear .
this is the first laptop i have ever purchased that did n't have an accurate description .
i usually use ebay and if there is a problem with the screen having scratches it will be listed in the description so there is no surprises .
this one did not

-1
the t61 is too hot to handle .
since it was new , the laptop is too hot to put on your lap and becomes very uncomfortable to even lay your palms on it while typing .
it inadvertently goes into sleep mode at the most inoportune times due to overheating .
i read some of the posts on the web and they suggest cleaning the air intake .
however , i doubt it was clogged when i bought it new and it ran very hot then .
it is so hot , you can not consider this a laptop as you could n't possible keep it on your lap .
makes it very difficult to use .

-1
i buy the laptop in march 2013. i use this laptop twice and later the keyboard wrong !
!
!
i write the e-mail to the laptop exchange and they dont answer about the guarantee .

-1
hard drive failure in wk one .
on paper it looked good but not this one.i have had good experiences buying used or refurbished in the past.not very happy that we were charged for the return expenses.happy there was no delay getting a refund.waste of time and money but this is what i expect buying refurbished for my children.got a news azus 1 yr wty .
( from tiger direct ) for about $ 70 more when factoring in coast of return postage .

-1
the computer stopped working a couple of weeks after i received it .
i already sent a complaint to you and supposedly you are working on it.it is , according to a computer technician who checked it , a severe electrical problem , probably due to an accident .
the computer has rough marks and a glued track on the bottom !
!
!
i hope you would be able to take care of the problem .
thanks.best wishes , jose l. martin , m. d .

-1
since i bought this computer i have had it in for servicing more than anyone should expect .
seems to crash or stop working for no reason and sony service can never explain why .
sony promised extras like a backpack and walkman which i never got .
will never buy sony product again .

-1
i bought this computer 1 month ago ( sony vaio vgn-fz240e/b 15.4 '' laptop ) , i started to use it and suddenly shut down , the process ocurred some times and decided to write to amazon , they answered me i had to contact sony , i called to the 8000 number and explained to the person my problem and he told me i had to re install the operative system , i did it and i discovered battery options was defined to turn the computer off after 3 minutes of nos use , sony assitant never told me to check that .
then the situation improved aparently , however i again am facing the problem , when i turn on the computer it suddenly shut down after 2 minutes of using it .
i would love sony would contact me to really solve the problem or for returning this computer .
i bought this computer not for having problem , instead for having a good experience !
!
!

-1
while overall , this is a good machine , sony disabled the option to record audio signal , which makes recording streaming web audio impossible , as well as taking advantage of features of audio and dj software .
apparently , the reason behind disabling the feature , which has been available until vista , is concerns about piracy , but no other computer manufacturers has done it !
so , go with a different computer .

-1
i never recived the laptop i ordered and my e-mails were never returned .
i will not purchase anything from any amazon.com electronics

-1
so my hubby got this laptop for me and man was it a pic of work it had over 27 virus 's that i had to pay some one to fix on top of that it did not come with the proper equipment that they said they had for it its not as nice as they made it seem we had to invest over 200 $ in to it to get it in proper working order : - (

-1
shortly after purchasing this computer we contacted amazonand the supplier gigiworks for some assstance .
we never got areply other than the fact that e-mail had been received.amazon told us to contact the supplier and wait three daysfor a response .
amazon said that they would follow up ifgigworks failed to respond .
i am still waiting .
( 2 weeks )

-1
this seller was very dishonest from the begging .
i was sent usps tracking number , and when i went to track the shipment it showed only electronic intent to ship .
i contacted the seller via amazon repeatdly to clarify why usps shows intent only , and repeatdly , i was told it will arrive on the date .
the seller even told me not to worry my item is scheduled to arrive on 3/25/11 .
on the 25 , i get an e-mail informing me he was not able to get the computer and is willing to send me another computer .
i waited for a month and till the end i was give false information knowingly .

-1
this quit working a couple of weeks after we received it .
i have not heard back from the company .

-1
i got my laptop two days after the last day my email said it would come in .
also it dies as soon as i unplug it from my wall .
the laptop i got was crap .
no satifaction at all .
and i planned on taking this to school .

-1
this computer was a huge disappointment .
it did not have microsoft office .
so , it was not usable untili that was on it .
the battery was worthless .
so , it is unusable unless it is plugged in .

-1
its not worth the time and money , it has been a waste of my time and money was suspose to be a christmas gift for my son , since christmas he has played with it for a week now i have to wait for my refund and find him another one when i have a day .
save yourself the troublel buy a new one dont worry about tring to save money

-1
i took this laptop to my pc tech and it was horrible !
pc tech input : after taking a look at this dell latitude d600 i was already concerned about the price she had paid of $ 150.00 for a machine that is hardly worth that even in mint condition.upon inspection of this unit i had discovered all 3 of the batteries the seller had given her were bad .
one of them even had the word bad written in permanent marker .
she even complained about the faulty battery and they sent her another faulty battery to remedy the problem.after further inspection of the machine the internal hardware wan not as stated , product description states a 30gb hdd is included .
30gb is n't alot to begin with but is ample amount of storage for documents and a decent amount of photos and music .
this unit was equipped with a measly 20gb hdd.furthermore the overall cosmetic condition is par at best , they have been so kind to include some sticky pleather material on the lcd lid to cover up the huge gash and any other cosmetic blemishes you might not like.i peronally have refurbished well over 50 laptop machines in the past year and know that from a recycling facility these guys couldnt have paid more than 25-30 bucks for this unit , bought a square of pleather from joannes for a dollar , jacked up the price $ 120 and called it a day.he is probubly some loser who lives in his moms basement for free and needed some more beer money .
trust me he is a winner .
( sarcasm )

-1
this laptop sucks , dont buy it .
it 's slow , confusing , and wont let you download anythung onto it .
it lags every time you try to go to a site and is very unreliable .
it says something about `` certificate error '' almost every single time your on a website .
dont buy it just because its cheap , its not worth it .
dont waste your money on this hunk of junk !

-1
sent back no good very bad product never but online i suppose a pc or phone cause in the end you either tash them or return them with alot of headace .

-1
after i have used for 2 weeks it crushes and smells burn from inside !
i would give this a rate 1/2 out of 5 ...

-1
well , let 's see ... i 've had this thing for 2 years .
the hard drive has crashed four times .
all of the screws in the case have fallen out and been replaced three times and all panels are currently being held in place with gaff tape .
the monitor case and hinges have cracked and been replaced twice .
the motherboard has been replaced , the cd/dvd drive has never worked properly , the blue-ray player has never worked at all , and total repair costs for this piece of crap are now well north of $ 3,000 ... for a laptop that i paid $ 1,800 for to begin with .
this piece of junk is causing me to go broke .

-1
if you read through the reviews for all of the other sony vaio 's you 'll see that they each have 4 out of five stars and say exactly the same thing for each one .
it ' obvious someone is being paid to leave positive reviews here ... next time be more creative !

-1
the laptop itself has no problem except for the slow performance due to windows vista ( i have vista home premium on mine ) .
therefore , i was waiting for the day when sony would have the updated drivers and support for this laptop .
however , to my great surprise sony put up the following message on its website on october 22nd .
`` vgnar605e the hardware configuration of this model does not meet the minimum system requirements needed to run and provide the full experience of the windows 7 operating system.windows 7 installation is not recommended and sony will not be providing windows 7 drivers for this model .
`` [ ... ] other than the above message sony does not provide any help for users who might want to upgrade.i can understand some small time product supplier not providing support for one of its recent products , but i did n't expect this from sony , and also as a fan of sony products , i am greatly dissapointed .
i would not recommend anybody to buy this product because you will be stuck with windows vista .

-1
i bought the sony nov. 28 and it 's been all downhill operating vista .
it will `` follow '' you and use little pop ups to ask you inane repetative questions.no longer able to access paypal , so no more bidding on ebay .
vista has deemed paypal unsafe .
can not open webb sites off my email because of vista 's `` protection '' .
everyday i step into a vista newily created messes .
i ca n't even work the spellcheck.the laptop itself is beatiful..especially for home use it will continue to bury the old time home computer system .
but i ca n't get around the vista op system , it is terrible and it hurts this laptop 's performance..it is impossible for me to seperate the hardware from the messed up vista ... sorrythank god i kept my old sony laptop because this ones going to be thrown out the vista window .

-1
i would n't purchase a sony vaio ... no i would n't purchase sony toothbrush after my experience with this machine.pro : beautifully built and seems to be good hardware.con : you want service ?
forget it.con : you want to be rescued from vista ?
forget it.con : sony has gone to the dark side in `` partnering '' with m $ .
not that they have a choice , they do n't .
m $ does n't `` partner '' .
they know only one thing : a bigger pile of money is better than a smaller pile of money.here 's my nightmare : so , my sony viao vgn-cr220e had a disk failure .
i purchased a new drive and additional memory while i was at it .
ca n't say i loved the vista thing , i 'd prefer xp or linux .
the hardware is beautiful and that is the end of things beautiful .
i looked around for hours trying to find my install cds and just could n't find them .
took it back to where i purchased it and they taught me a few things:1 .
i do n't own the vista home whatever that was pre-installed.2 .
i can upgrade to vista ultimate for $ 219.3 .
i ca n't purchase the original install disks because it 's already been installed.4 .
i can buy a new vista home whatever for $ 320.5 .
m $ is a 'one time only ' install .
you better make the `` recovery disks '' early in the game.6 .
i ca n't upgrade ( i do mean `` upgrade '' ) to xp because sony willl not provide the key drivers like ethernet adapter etc .
but they will provide most of the other stuff ... .. even though sony and m $ claim to support xp.7 .
i 'm lucky to have this vaio because the new ones comming out will be manufactured so that xp , linux , ubuntu , etc .
will not run and if they did it voids the warranty.i have to agree with some of the others .
i 'll install ubuntu and get a life.the difference between the vaio and the autistic child is clear .
the difference between vista on a sony vaio running and extortion , breech of contract , deceptive sales practices , anti-trust violations , etc .
is not so clear .

-1
ci bought this sony vaio laptop in december , 2007 .
up to 11 months it worked perfectly but little bit slow in processing .
in 11th month , the power adapter did n't work and i replaced it by asking sony product service center .
after the completion of 1 year , around 13th months of purchase , the computer stopped working .
i put the computer in standby mode and when i came back in 1 hr later to open , it stopped working , i did all my best to recover it , but did n't work at all .
then i realized that the vaio computer is only good in looking but not in technical aspect and has manufacture defect .

-1
i returned my laptop to hp for repair when it would n't charge or hold a charge .
i was informed by hp that the faulty charger was not covered by warranty and the fault was considered `` accidental damage '' ... hp offered to replace the `` accidental damage '' faulty charger for $ 315.88 .
i was both surprised and upset to find out that the hp external charger that was purchased with the hp laptop was not under warranty .
hp is replacing the battery ( under warranty ) but not the charger ?
?

-1
good evening , the notebook i received is not the same i chose in my order .
the processor is intel centrino duo but i ordered intel core 2 duo processor as the order shows .
besides the photo i cheked is different from the computer i received .
the actual photo is another .

-1
i hate writing bad reviews for products that i own .
unfortunately i would like to share my experience with this laptop .
at first few months it was ok , but after 5 months of hardly using , one time it just stop working and it wont charge .
so i sent it to local hp tech and they told me that it a motherboard problem and they need to change it .
this time it was still under warranty so i did n't need to pay any bucks .
but after 4 months which the warranty of the hp expired again it stopped working and same problem was diagnose and now i have to pay for $ 500 just to fix and replace the motherboard again .
i have 4 different laptop and 2 of them are hp , but this model is n't that good enough to last .

-1
you can buy a better one at officedepot for less than 600 .
i bought one with 250gb hd , 2gb ram in march 08 .

-1
needed an xp machine and bought the t61 .
on first boot up , i got the error message : tpm device unable to communicate ... and so i followed the instructions in the on line help which indicated the tpm chip had been deactivated and i should go into the bios and activate it .
well , i did that and then the computer just beeped at me and did nothing else and was as dead as a doorstop.another defect is that as shipped , every time you load ie7 and first open a tab , there is about a 3 second delay which has to do with redundant security checking as configured by lenovo .
( there is a workaround posted on the internet . )
i ca n't imagine what they were thinking to ship a notebook which throws in a 3 second delay every time you open internet explorer .
i also ca n't imagine not turning on the computer before shipping it to me and seeing that error messages were coming up.finally , i purchased a 1 year onsite service agreement but the tech support personnel said they had no record of it even though it is clearly marked on my invoice and so they would not send a tech person out .
instead , they told me it needed a new mainboard and i could ship the unit back and wait for them to fix it.well , i summarize:1 ) purchased `` onsite '' warranty but the company refused to send a technician out for a nearly doa machine.2 ) as configured , there is an annoying 3 second delay every time you open a new tab in ie7.3 ) machine shipped with a defective tpm security chip and it appears the manufacturer never even turned the computer on to test the inital bootup and see the error message .

-1
my employer provided me with one of these a few months ago , and i must say that i hate it .
this hp replaced an extremely well designed ibm thinkpad , which i miss very much due to the poor design of the hp.the 6910p has been a pain - literally .
the keyboard and touch pad are not centered with the screen - they are offset to the left .
this causes my left hand to hang off the side of the machine and causes pain in my hand .
since i usually sit centered with the screen , i have to shift both arms to the left and this also causes discomfort.also , be aware that while the machine appears to have four buttons surrounding the touch pad , i have only been able to program them for two functions - not four .
you get two sets of duplicate buttons .
if you have a program that requires a middle mouse button , you may find this laptop extremely frustrating.the volume control is also difficult to operate .
it is part of a smooth , plastic bar that runs just above the keyboard .
it takes quite a bit of messing with this to get the volume set where you want it .
using real buttons or function keys to control the volume would have been a much better design.most laptop makers offer a similar range of processors , memory , etc .
in their machines .
what sets them apart is usability and ergonomics - and the hp 6910p fails badly in this area .

-1
buyer beware .
i brought this laptop jan 08 .
it ran slugglish due to windows vista but i ignored that because i was just happy to have this cool laptop and did n't have any other issues until ... a year after my warranty expired .
feb 09 my wireless completely stop working , hp tech advise me that i would have to pay $ 90 for them to help me troubleshoot over the phone and advise to use their online support its free .
problem was i had no internet because the wireless stop working ... duh i worked around and brought me a wireless adapter .
june 09 computer will not boot up , it powers up and light turn on but the screen is complete black .
once i was able to get to a computer with internet access , i surfed the net and read different forums about this laptop .
i found a ton of ppl with the same lapop and exact same issues .
a dude even created a youtube video about it .
i found hp installed cheap defective nividia chipset and it cause the laptop to overheat and is causing one of the issues .
i called hp that act if they never heard of this issue and said i would need to pay .
once your warranty expires hp leaves you high and dry and they will not take account for these problems .
if you do have a warranty they will replace the defective part with same defective part and you will have the same issue within time .

-1
the product 's description , way down at the bottom , says `` item powered on with ac adapter , but does n't display anyting on the screen . ''
in other words , it 's broken ?
in other words , it 's a 1.8ghz boat anchor ?

-1
ive been looking for a laptop on here for sometime now .
i dont really know which one to get .
this one looked good untill i seen the reviews .
at least 3 people had theirs crash within a year ... thanks to their feedback i wont be stuck with this peice of crap lol

-1
i 'm writing this review on a 10 '' asus netbook which is an awesome $ 400 unit that for five months has been literally without issues .
wish i could say that for the dell unit .
with that said , i 've had the e1705 for less than two years and continue to have major problems .
right now i 'm waiting for the dell box to arrive so i can send it back for the second time in four months because it continues to crash .
the first time , the blue screen of death ; now the white screen of death.i 'm on my third video card and third keyboard .
i 've never really been able to run two photo editing programs consistently -- nikon nx and adobe elements 6 without issues ... ( i do have 3 gig of ram so running those programs should n't be an issue . )
i 've also covered up the touchpad with a piece of stickyback felt to keep the cursor from jumping to another line while i 'm typing a word document.this is my third dell overall .
have never had these problems with a dell before , but it will be my last dell should it crash again after it 's repaired and sent back .
in fact , i may try an imac.cheers ... jd

-1
after receiving my mailbug , i contacted support to learn that they are only open from 9 to 4:30 pacific time .
since i live in the central time zone that 's 7 - 2:30 .
not even 8 hours a day , 5 days a week .
i have left many messages - you only get voice mail jail not a real person when you call - and e-mailed them.all i want to do is activate it so my mother-in-law can use it as a replacement for the discontinued mail station and earthlink service .

-1
my mother had two different mail stations .
both broke .
i ended up purchasing a mailbug for her instead .
now , she wanted something to only read e-mail , and that 's exactly what she got .
you can not receive any photos , smiley faces or graphics .
you can not search through the internet.yes , it is very , very easy to use .
my mother is 83 and has a very limited ability to work with computers , etc .
but , for the money spent for the item , and your monthly subscription , it 's no bargin .

-1
the screen blacks out after 10 minutes , so you constantly have to do a cold shutdown and restart .
great if you can use an alternate screen .

-1
well , i agree with a lot of the people that have written about this computer and have not liked it .
i 've had mine for about three years and i started having problems with it after about a year and a few months .
i get tons of illegal operation messages .
my right mouse button got all messed up and is way too sensitive now .
the whole mouse thing just gets sensitive sometimes even though i have a cord mouse now .
the cursor jumps sometimes when i 'm typing because of the mouse being so sensitive .
it is so annoying sometimes .
i have a small hard drive space and need to get it upgraded but the only way to do that is by bringing it back to where i bought it or sending it back to compaq .
being a college student i could n't do that during the school year because i needed it .
but christmas of 2001 i had to have it reformatted because the stupid thing just died on me .
it started having problems and then just died .
i was so mad .
trust me , do n't buy this model .
it 'll be money wel saved and spent elsewhere on a better computer .

-1
after putting in many hours of research i decided to go to comaq to buy one of these systems .
what i ended up getting was a load of problems.1 .
the offer and rebates did not apply from compaq , but only from an authorized reseller.2 .
right out of the box the 700z system had driver errors and a bad modem .
corporate tech support suggested that i return it and buy another through a reseller.3 .
they then took 2 months to clear up my account for financing after i returned the system but meanwhile i bought a newer system - a 705us.4 .
the rebate went through and everything was working okay until the floppy drive went bad .
it never wrote to the hard drive and i could n't copy to or from other disks onto any other computer.5 .
i called tech support and they sent out a box for repair pickup and told me the turnaround would be 3-5 days .
well , it 's been 4 weeks !
, and they still ca n't tell me when the system will be returned.6 .
the repair shop failed to recognize that the second system was mine and did not follow through with repairs even when all the proper paperwork was channeled through support on the phone.7 .
i 'm currently looking to have them dump the had drive info on to a refurbished 2700 system that has a better track record.my advice is to wait until they get the bugs worked out on this system .
they do n't even have a docking station yet , but they 'll tell you the part number to order the `` phantom '' station.i 'm giving it 2 stars since it worked beautifully when it was up and running and the screen was clear and bright !

-1
this is a great laptop .
i enjoyed it so much with the wide keyboard and comfortable size screen .
it has the power to run robust programs and write applications .
it comes with cdw and dvd which both come very handy.the down side it diedon me 3 month in use .
i sent it to service probably 4 times to hp service .
has n't been fixed yet .
so on the reliablity scale , it disappointing .

-1
three laptops.5 service depot repairs in the first six months.three system board replacements.one laptop not fully functional on day one.buy extra hard drive if you have a fleet ; parts shortage delayed a repair to 30 days.what 's the point of a lightweight laptop if you need to send a spare with your users 'just in case ' another failure occurs ?

-1
i have used sony laptops since 1999 and tend to get a new one every few years giving the old one as a hand-me-down to someone else .
i like sony because they typically make the very lightest laptops available , the keyboards have a smooth action , and the design/style of the products are usually & quot ; cool & quot ; looking.this laptop was an exception .
something about it is awkward and clunky .
it 's larger than my 3 previous sony vaio laptops , the edges are squared off , not rounded ... in fact there 's something very & quot ; square & quot ; about the entire product design !
the design is bad enough to hurt functionality , too , as there is a fan on the bottom of the computer which easily becomes obstructed if you use it outside of the docking case ( where 100 % of my use occurs ) .now about quality .
in general , i had been really happy with vaio quality , but this laptop is making me think twice .
if you leave the computer on for a long time ( a couple of weeks ) , the hard drive starts screaming .
this is probably due to overheating .
i have to turn off the computer and let it sit and cool , then turn it on again .
the power cord connection was always loose in the machine so that i would have to wiggle the cord to ensure a connection .
that connection would invariably disconnect from time to time during use , and i 'd be on battery power without realizing it .
eventually , 1 year and 4 months after i bought the machine , the power connection failed altogether and would only connect sporadically .
as i write this , the computer is at sony for repair , and they seem to just want to send me an entire refurbished computer rather than diagnose and fix the problem .
i 've also found an article in today 's ( may 22 , 2004 ) san jose mercury news ( see the action line feature ) in which another person also had problem with the dc jack line .
a reader wrote the paper to get help with sony service because he kept seeing the problem over and over again .
he says & quot ; when i plug in the ac/dc power cord , i have to hold the cord or move it around a little to get a good connection & quot ; .
this is exactly what happens with me , and i therefore think this is a general problem with the machine.so , because of problems with the design , overheating , and quality , i can not recommend that you buy this item.to leave on a good note : the laptop is really light .
one of the lightest you 'll find , with a keyboard that is large enough to actually use .

-1
quite a disappointment for a laptop costing [ price ] .pros to this machine is obviously the big screen and the high resolution .
but the hard drive is a royal annoyance with a constant crackling sound .
not only that , it seems to be constantly polling the hard-drive even when no activities are going on .
as a result , while scrolling the cursor , it becomes jerky when the obnoxious polling happens on the hard-drive .
i called sony 's helpdesk and have a walkthru reloading the entire system files and not to my surprise , did not fix the cracking hard-drive sound .
the sound is quite obnoxious , reaching the level of a mainframe disk-drive .
unfortunately i bought this thru [ a store ] , with no exchange , nor refund policy for computers other the the option of sending it to sony to fix this problem.big disappointment !
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
warning to those who can not jump into the latest and the greatest ... and ultimately will be disappointed .

-1
i was impressed with the nice big screen .
however after using for a few weeks i realized some of the impracticalities of this machine that some of you prospective buyers may want to know about.the laptop is obviously good as per the features and the other reviews .
however my experience will help some of the users to put the features in perspective and so i will focus on the negatives for this review .
please refer to other reviews for positive remarks .
combined you will have a good idea if you need this machine.cons:1 .
laptop is quite wide because of the big screen , so in domestic flights it was a pain to use it .
privacy is out of question as well !
2 .
extremely noisy harddisk .
may be its my machine only .
but after sending twice for service , sony support got back to me saying noise levels are normal harddisk operations .
i use server side software for programming and it tends to write data to disk frequently .
so get i guess i just have to get used to the constant crackling sound from the harddisk.3 .
no infrared port for quick sync with palm or other such devices .
ironically no serial port as well so you just can not sync up a palm with out additional usb device purchase.4 .
512mb is the maximum .
for developers this will limit them in the future.5 .
jog dial pretty useless with w2k.6 .
poor sound quality , cd does not operate unless system is booted , no hardware volume control so you have to struggle to reduce/increase the volume by software means.7 .
no standard floppy drive.8 .
the beautiful display does not work with other machines.in summary , do not confuse your need to own a 16inch lcd with your laptop needs.my recommendation:1 .
buy a good lcd monitor for about $ 500.2 .
buy any small foot print laptop with similar config .
if you are a sony fan , other vaio models would be fine.if you still want this one , consider following accessories:1 .
usb 32mb flash memory as alternative to floppy drive.2 .
usb infrared and serial port .

-1
can not get hp to help me with parts , battery short lived , sent back to hp they fixed nothing .
will never buy from them or best buy

-1
since i bought this notebook i am in trouble .
the computer is slow and two months later the lcd screen did not worked .
i claim for repair under warranty to sony and i had to ship the computer to san diego , california paying all shipment expenses .
they knew what the problem with the lcd was before they received and now they do not want to repair it under the warranty .
what kind of computer is this , that i bought it in september as a new model and now is discontinued .

-1
i was not happy with this .
the unit was ok but i was not happy that the dvd player did not have the decoder included .
so i could n't play movies .
the usb ports are not highspeed so the wireless network is slow and lacking .
whats next ... by the time you add to this what you would need to make it sweet you can just buy a new one , software all included with full support and warranty .
either the price has too come down for this used item or the software has to be fluffed up .
there really is little incentive to buy this item .
i learned the hard way .
be for-warned shopper .

-1
i truly used to like toshiba products .
now , i do not see myself buying any of their products again .
this machine has been reliable for the last two years but the hard drive broke today .
when i called customer/ technical support all that they told me is that it is out of warranty and that i can send it to them and have it repaired at full price .
i know people have complained that this model toshiba has broken down on them after only a few months of use but i still find it unacceptable that the hard drive world brake down and fail after only two years .
my other laptop from compaq lasted over 6 years .
it is out dated obviously but it still works .
in short , i do not recommend this laptop because it is way too heavy , gets too hot , and has a short battery life .
oh , and toshiba customer support is the worst that i have ever experienced .
they will not be ashamed to hang up on you if you are not satisfied with their `` reading from a script '' answers to you problems .

-1
this is another poor model from toshiba made for first time buyers.let me give 12 reasons to buy it,1 .
you want a laptop.2 .
you do n't have much money to spend.3 .
you do n't care about its 45 mins battery life.4 .
you do n't want or do n't care for performance.5 .
you have never heard of usb 2.0 or firewire or bluetooth.6 .
you do n't care for the noise or heat it will generate.7 .
you do n't care about system instability and overheating problems.8 .
you do n't care for graphics performance.9 .
you do n't want to play any pc games.10 .
you do n't care about its 8 pound weight or big size.11 .
you do n't care about irritating and nosiy hard disk.12 .
you are a student and will install linux on it anyways !
let me give you 12 reasons not to buy it,1 .
uses a desktop celeron processor ( very cheap ) , not mobile celeron or mobile pentium .
this means laptop will get very hot , its fan will be very noisy , will use too much power and have much lower performance.2 .
no usb 2.0 , firewire or wirless access .
what use is 1.5 ghz processor if you ca n't connect it to any other device at any reasonably fast speed ?
will you wait for an hour to burn a cd on a external cd-rw connected to an old usb 1.1 port on this ?
3 .
it bigger and bulkier than previous models .
again this is partly because of a desktop celeron being used in this .
desktop cpu means more space for cooling it down etc.4 .
uses a slower memory speed , way below today 's standard .
again this notebook wo n't have any fast performance with mp3 or multimedia stuff because of this .
you will even have trouble finding the memory at this low speed when upgrading !
5 .
the keyboard is n't same a desktop , so keys are placed at different positions , some missing .
but this might a case with most laptops though.6 .
the touchpad is n't very great .
you will end up buying a usb mouse.7 .
does n't have older serial port , ps2 ports etc .
nor does it have any thing like bluetooth or firewire or usb 2 .
yes you can buy a pcmcia card for say wireless access or usb 2 or bluetooth .
but there 's only on pcmcia slot in it !
8 .
because desktop celeron runs so hot , you wo n't be able to use it a `` lap '' -top to avoid burning your skin .
beleive it gets very very hot !
9 .
the hard disk is much slower rpm and smaller in size .
and it makes just too much noise.10 .
toshiba does n't even include a windows xp cd .
all it has is a recovery cd to reformat the whole disk and re-install everything all over again & deleting all your data .
its horrible sw bundle , nothing worth a penny in it .
norton is only trial offer .
not even xp is included properly.11 .
the new battery lasts around 45 mins on full charge .
who knows how much will it last for when it becomes old .
again cheap desktop celeron has a major part to play in this.12 .
finally toshiba does n't make or design this laptop .
its designed/made by a cheap contractor in taiwan and then sold as toshiba brand .
this is the truth , you can do some google search to verify this !
if you do n't have lots of cash or urgent need for mobility you might wan na reconsider having the good old pc for now .
do n't be mislead by intel 1.2ghz label on it .
there are reasons why toshiba can sell it for so cheap and hopefully you enough not to regret later on .

-1
this computer locks up on me all the time !
!
multiple- we 're talking more than 5 on bad days- times a day .
i do n't know if it is just my computer that has a problem or what , but it is really frustrating .
today it has locked up over and over again .
it has also happened ( not today , but sometimes ) that the computer will just turn itself off .
just like that .
no goodbyes .
no kiss on the cheek .
nothing .
kaput .
i want to smash my computer .

-1
i have had this computer for over a year and i have had nothing but problems .
it locks up the whole time i use it , it shuts down with no warning ( and does not automatically save your work ) .
it is nice that it has a wireless card slot , but can barely use it ~ the heat sinc gets to hot and shuts off the wireless card.i am sure that there is more !
i would recommend this system !

-1
at ( less than ) this price the hp pavilion xt125 is a better choice .
the 1.4 ghz athlon xp & quot ; 1600+ & quot ; is n't a bad cpu but it lacks sse2 , and important feature for future software currently only found in intel cpus ( amd is adding it into their cpus next year ) .the main problems are : the ati rage graphics are weak and out of date ( do n't even try to run a new game on it ) .
the ati mobility radeon 7500c is much faster and will even run 3d games smoothly.the sdram is being run a 200mhz .
this memory is not very stable at that speed and gets very hot .
you are better off with faster and more efficient ddram which runs at a slower speed but sends more data so it drains less power from the battery , runs cooler , and pumps more data to your cpu .
sony is just cutting cost here at the consumer 's expense.i used to like sony laptops but they are just trading on their name these days .

-1
i 'll admit this review is a little dated since this product is n't in the market anymore , but i was shocked to see how many good reviews it had .
i 've had this laptop for a little over three years now , and since then , i 've gone through two hard-drives with another about to die , and the cd-burner/dvd-rom has n't worked well since about the second month of purchase .
i 've never gotten any games ( even the low-end graphics ones ) to work on here .
it also seems like this system is highly vulnerable to viruses .
i do n't think that is just due to windows because i have other windows systems that have not had near as many viruses as this one .
i think the only thing that 's had me keeping this system is the floppy drive , since the newer computers do n't have those.if for some reason you are thinking of buying this product : do n't !
you wo n't get great tech support on it and you 'll just gain more frustrations .

-1
you live in a cold area like canada or arctic ?
you might then love this as it can also double up as room heater .
after an hr of demanding use like a movie and you may as boil you eggs on it .
no seriously , i am yet to see a laptop running hotter than this one .
and all this with supposedly powernow !
technology from amd.well i guess i should have realized that if desktop athlons run so hot then mobile ones ca n't be very dfferent .
hppaq makes ... laptops to say the least .
they could n't even get proper cooling solution for the processor , chipset & memory.now back to the laptop under review.the keyboard was certainly designed by ... 10 keys on bottom row , out of which only 4 were really needed .
and that to mostly wrongly placed .
space bar is tiny , tons of junk windows buttons around , fn button in place of ctrl , caps lock too big size , a repeated | button the bottom row , and delete button at the farthest/obscurest corner of the laptop .
to top it all off the whole thing shakes when typing & looks like some buttons would surely break off .
never seen a more ... keyboard.the scroll pad and touchpad buttons again are designed to looks good but have no usability .
the up/down keys are easier to use than the junk ovalpad.only one pcmcia card slot , not 2 as in most laptops .
hppaq phone support is worst in industry , try calling them .
hp does n't even have a toll free phone number for consumer laptops.all hppaq 9xxus models have a shared memory ati integrated graphics will max 3dmark2001 score of 1500 ( no matter how faster athlon is or how much ram you put in ) .
very poor performance .
get a laptop based on intel chipset.the colors are also not good , even with the latest ati drivers and on a/c power .
although screen is bright enough.the case is actually designed for a 15 '' screen and if get a 14 '' version you unncessarily carry bigger laptop around .
it really looks very clunky and thick .
more than 1.6 '' i expected.hppaq cheats you by not even including a full copy of winxp to reinstall xp later on .
only a restore cd to erase everything & put all nasty programs back .
yes that true , they bundled 12+ nasty promotional programs for which no one has any use .
like disney online.finally all useful ports are at the back and covered by clumsy cover .
what a pain to connect anythign to it.two stars because it costs under 800 after rebates in some local stores and because it runs.shame on hppaq for building such a ... laptop .
i suggest you look at toshiba/dell laptops around .
you ( roughly ) get what you pay for .

-1
i got mine in january 2003 ... .
after a couple of weeks using it i had to send it for technical service , due to malfunctioning in burning and connecting to internet.after i got it back it was all perfect , although it is the most noisy laptop i 've ever seen , i enjoyed watching dvds on this great screen.recently though , it has been turning off suddenly , because it gets extremely hot .
i 'm away from the us now.. service outside the us sucks ... i have no idea of how to fix it ... i just have been patient enough to wait 20 minutes after it turns off ... but i 'm definitely buying other brand after this ... i 'll chek the reviews for an ibm or a dell .
not recommended

-1
the compaq presario 906us ca n't quite compare to the hp xt125 ( same price ) or the toshiba satellite 1415-s105 ( cost just about 10 % more ) .let 's compare these three models to see how they stack up : compaq presario 906uscpu : 1.33 ghz athlon xp model `` 1500+ '' ( i do n't like this model number game amd is playing ) .ram : 256mb ddr ram - good20gb hard drive - good enoughgraphics card : ati radeon igp 16mb video ram - out of datedisplay diagonal size : 14.1 inches - finelcd resolution : 1024x768 - good for 14 '' summary : okay cpu , poor graphics chipset , everything else is okay.hp pavilion xt125 ( same price as 906us ) cpu : 1.6 ghz celeron ( built on a p4 core with a smaller cache ) ram : 256 mb ddr ram - good20gb hard drive - good enoughgraphics card : ati mobility radeon 7500c w/32mb - very gooddisplay diagonal size : 14 inches - finelcd resolution : 1024x768 - good for a 14 '' summary : better cpu , great graphics , everything is the same.toshiba satellite 1415-s105 ( cost 10 % more ) cpu : 1.6 ghz celeronram : 256 mb ddr ram - good20gb hard drive - good enoughgraphics card : nvidia geforce4 420 go w/16mb - pretty gooddisplay diagonal size : 15 inches - goodlcd resolution : 1024x768 - not great for a 15 '' summary : better cpu , okay graphics , bigger display but lower quality , everything else is the same.my vote on the low end is still for the hp xt125 .
it will probably phase out soon as hp rolls out some new lines for the year , but right now it 's a great value .
the hp xt125 easily the best low cost notebook offered on amazon .

-1
contrary to the technical data presented here , this product does not ship with ati 's mobility radeon 7500c video board .
the video board is instead ati 's radeon igp 340m , which is based on an old radeon technology ( for a comparison between mobility radeon and mobility radeon 7500 see the site tomshardware.com ) .
for those interested in playing new 3d games , this is a no-no .
besides that , the system comes with a poor selection of cheap softwares and games , which in the end eat up 7gb of your hard drive .
the fan is also particularly loud and annoying .
the only + goes to its sleek design .

-1
i was very happy with this computer for the first 7 months until it crashed .
come to find out that out of 300 students at my law school , 7-8 have had power failures on their compaq laptops ( and very few students have compaqs in the first place ) .
please ask around before you purchase this computer because unbeknownst to me compaq ( now hp ) has apparently tried to reduce costs on notebooks and it shows !
i will give it 2 stars because luckily it crashed within its warranty ( unluckily 2 weeks before exams ! )
and the tech support people were helpful and i can send it for repairs for free .
however , many of my classmates have not been so lucky ...

-1
i bought this laptop thinking it would be great to write out of the house .
i had always loved my vaio pc , and since i plan on having a family soon , i was sold on the dvd and photo capabilities .
the 680 has a dvd drive and a slot that accepts memory stick ( sony cybershot digital camera ) photo cards for the easiest photo uploads ever .
i found i could save other files too on my memory stick , including microsoft excel files , and transfer them to my pc as the 680 comes *without* a floppy drive .
the hard drive on my 680 did crash shortly after buying it , but close to the warranty expiring .
it crashed under warranty but i waited to get help from sony ; you guessed it .
warranty expired , no repairs unless i was willing to fork out hundreds of dollars .
the geek squad stated they could not fix it , even though it was that best buy that sold it to me .
luckily my brother owns a computer repair shop .
i sent him the hard drive to see if the novel i was writing on it could be saved ; it could n't .
he was however able to find a replacement hard drive on ebay .
since then , no problems .
i would get the extended warranty or change compatible digital camera and laptop systems before i got another sony or vaio .

-1
i got my t40 ( 512mb ram ) last summer .
after working well for a few months , the hard drive and motherboard went bad and i had to send it back for repairs .
after getting it back , it worked well once more , but now i am having frequent problems with overheating when running intensive applications .
i would recommend buying another brand with similar specs - thinkpads are overpriced anyway .

-1
it was in good condition .
but the os was extremely outdated .
i expected a more versatile cd drive .
feel me ?

-1
i have had the vaio for several months , and the software installed on vaio has finally crashed out completely .
sony now freely admits the cd recovery disk program included with the machine does not work , in fact has never worked , and they still want you to shell out 60 bucks for the cd recovery kit , which takes up to four weeks for delivery.the keyboard on my unit arrived with the 'delete ' key not working , and sony told me that since i had purchased it mail order , i would have to send it to them for repair , and it would take three mothns minimum to fix .
i have instead learned to live without a delete key.overall , a very poor experience with sony .
i will stick to toshiba or dell in the future , companies who were far more supportive of their products and customers .

-1
i have had my v505 for about 6 months now .
i have persistent problems with the touch pad as so many have noted here .
but i also have problems with the space bar not registering a touch on the right end of the bar so words run on without spaces if you use your right thumb to type the space bar.another frequently occuring and annoying problem is the cursor randomly jumps to odd places in a document so i find myself typing in the middle of a sentence two lines above or some where else than where it should be.some days i hate this computer .
i wish i had bought a ibm t40 .

-1
i was shrugging off all the complaints about the touchpad on the sony and thought it could n't be that bad .
boy was i wrong !
this thing sony dares to call a touchpad should actually be called the drive-you-absolutely-insane device .
first of all , the pointer will sometimes skip 1/2 way across your screen for no reason .
sometimes you 'll double click on the pad to open a folder and nothing .
sometimes you 'll try to move the pointer and the pad does not respond at all .
and then , get this .
sometimes , when surfing the net and dragging your pointer to the left , your browser goes back a page !
yeah , so when you 're typing messages into certain websites message box and you accidentally go back a page , when you go forward - poof all your work is sayonara !
and only because you wanted to drag your pointer to the left .
and yes , you will have no clue when it will happen .
it 's almost magical !
so sony , if you are reading this , i hope you all burn in hell !
no , i take that back .
maybe just the engineers that designed the touchpad .
wait , i take that back again .
yes , everyone at sony , that knows about this problem and did n't say , & quot ; hey , maybe we should get the touchpads to work before we ship the laptops ?
yeah , all of them should burn in something .
maybe at least scald their hands under some really hot water .
man , how the heck could you sell a $ 2k laptop with a touchpad that does n't work ?
?
?
!
!
!
besides the touchpad , i only have small complaints .
it 's just that frustrating because it 's a great computer , if the damn thing would work .

-1
i just bought this computer last week .
the screen is very nice -- bright and crisp , although the text size on such a small screen could be a problem if you do n't have great eyes .
( this was my biggest worry about such a small screen , but its not a problem for me ) .
the keyboard is small , but very useable for my medium-sized hands .
the built-in cd burner works great , and performance is very acceptable in general ms office applications .
finally , the battery power is just phenomenal ( over 7 hours on std .
battery ) and the overall size of the computer is awesome !
there is one huge flaw though ... the 900 mhz processor is n't strong enough to capture mini-dv video from my camcorder .
the recordings come out choppy and are totally worthless .
despite working with sony customer service , and changing many advanced settings , the processor just does n't have enough power .
i have n't tried doing a straight copy of a retail dvd , so i 'm not sure if it would work , but if it does , i 'm sure it would take a long time.bottom line , if you do n't want to make copies of any video material ( to the hard drive or an external dvd writer ) , and your eyes are good , i 'd recommend this computer .
if you want to do anything with video material , go for something with a much more powerful processor .
i guess you still ca n't have everything ( small size , good battery life , fast processor ) all in one package .

-1
i am trying to connect this to my wifi , it does n't work , it seems like its not wifi ready..anybody here know how to connect this to my wifi ?

-1
after extensive review i found this toshiba to be the cheapest way to get the most power in a laptop .
it is sleek and the display is great , but good luck if you need tech support !
i installed delorme 's street atlas 2003 and earthmate gps .
it would n't run even after i followed all of their trouble-shooting advice .
when i called delorme they refused to help and told me it was a hardware problem .
toshiba 's tech support person was foreign and almost unintelligible .
i was not impressed with what i could understand .
she told me my brand new 2.0 ghz , 256 mb computer with xp pro & quot ; probably does n't have enough space on the hard drive to run the program.
& quot ; when i insisted my laptop met minimum requirements she told me it must be a windows os problem !
moral ?
dude , i 'm getting a dell !

-1
i use only laptops and i got this one as an emergency replacement when the motherboard failed in my old one during a big job .
it did the job through very hard use for a year or so , but it did n't survive nearly nicely as my others.the cd drive quit burning cds right just after the warranty was up though for some reason it still burns dvds okay .
the keyboard did n't hold up well at all , even beyond my usual problems with scratching off all the letters with my fingernails .
( seems no one can make a laptop keyboard that can survive my talons . )
but several keys broke completely which was never a problem on any other laptops i 've had from other manufacturers .
i already knew better than to call toshiba support .
for quite a while i laid a cheap usb silicon keyboard over the existing keyboard ( with a piece of thin cardboard underneath ) .
fortunately it 's only about $ 25 for a new keyboard if you can do it yourself.i also outgrew it .
i needed more disc space and a better processor for some heavy duty programs and have now replaced it as my main computer .
regarding the previous review , when push comes to shove , the core duo is much faster .
i still use it for some projects as beat up as it is , but i would not pay this price again for a new one .
it should be a few hundred dollars less , especially with the home edition of xp .

-1
i full-heartedly agree w/ jim g 's previous review .
i purchased a compaq presario 1.5 years ago and had several problems within weeks .
i would n't wish their customer service on my worst enemy - they are abysmal , incompetent , and have zero bargaining power in terms of trying to fix problems .
i had to ship my previous computer 5 times to compaq until finally ( and after at least 30 hours of my personal time making phone calls and writing letters ) i received a new computer : the 2575 .
while it is better than the previous version , the battery life is atrocious , booting speed is circa-1997 , and the noise from the fans must hit several thousand decibels.i am usually an easy customer to satisfy , but this is one company i am staying far away from ( after numerous incidents ) .

-1
i bought this laptop for $ 1499 at best buy , something i deeply regret now , and here 's why : - terrible battery life ( while it tells me i can get 1 hr 30 min once i unplug it , the best i 've gotten out of it was 45 min ) .
this makes it impossible to use wirelessly in a practical manner.- ridiculously heavy ( this is largely , i think , due to the battery , since once i took the battery out its weight lessened significatly ) - 1gb ram maximum upgrade .
it comes with 512mb , but you can only upgrade it to 1gb max , not a lot considering that many laptops now let you upgrade up to 2gb ram.- built-in speakers are horrible .
i can barely hear anything even on max volume ; i 've had to hook it up to external speakers to have a decent listen to my music.- no 6-pin firewire ports .
it only has a 4-pin firewire , which is quite useful if you have a dv camcorder , but that 's pretty much it.- too little usb ports .
three ports are not enough.- heats up very quickly and easily .
i 've had to have it repaired because the cooling unit was insufficient ... i 've since bought a notebook cooler to keep it from heating up on me.- too many bundled software , 75 % of which i do n't need and have had to uninstall.some pros : - nice , fast , reliable cd burner.- excellent recovery program .
i 've reformatted this computer numerous times and it 's been very easy to use as well as efficient.- memory card slot .
since i use sony camcorders , this makes it very convenient for me.all in all , i ca n't afford to buy a computer for another two and years , and i 'm stuck with this one .
i 'm really disappointed to have to say that , since i 've always relied on sony products in teh past .
after buying this computer , though , i 'll have to think twice about purchasing another vaio .
if you get this for under $ 1000 , then it might well be worth it .
anything above that , however , is not worth it .

-1
i 've had this laptop for almost a year now , and i have to say it really sucks .
sure it 's really light and pretty , but that 's about all this laptop has to offer.first off , gateway has just about the worst customer service ever - when i ordered the laptop , they kept delaying the shipment and i ended up waiting almost a full month extra before getting the laptop .
they never responded to the questions i asked in the emails i sent them so i 'd have to resend the emails at least one more time to get an evasive , unhelpful response .
i had so much correspondence with them i had to make a whole new folder in my email inbox just for gateway.before i go on , i want to assure you that i really tried hard to take good care of this computer , and i 'm confident that none of the following problems have anything to do with mistreatment.secondly , the keyboard sucks .
the keys are very shallow and your fingernails can easily get stuck underneath them , popping off the plastic caps .
i 've also recently noticed a problem where while i 'm typing , the cursor will suddenly jump to another random section of what i 'm typing , screwing up whatever it is i 'm typing , and making it necessary to stop to bring the cursor back to where it belongs and to delete what i typed in the wrong section .
at one point the keyboard started typing all the wrong letters.third , as i 'm sure everyone knows , the battery life really sucks , mine lasts for a little over an hour , so wherever i go , i have to take the charger thing with me , which restricts where i 'm allowed to sit with my computer , since i always need to find an available outlet , thus making it no different than a desktop , really.fourth , the metal case scratches extremely easily .
i placed my laptop in my bookbag , in between a sheet of paper and a soft plastic folder , and when i took out the laptop , there were hideous scratches all over the case.last ( although i guess this is n't necessarily gateway 's problem ) , the wireless card does not seem to be compatible with the wireless router i am using at home ( belkin54g ) , which causes me to disconnect from the internet every 5 minutes or so.to make a long review short , do not buy this laptop .
it is definitely not worth the money .
i say go for a thinkpad or a vaio .

-1
as other reviewers have stated , the hardware itself is great .
the computer is visually stunning .
and the os is rock-solid and user-friendly.some people have complained about the size for traveling .
it 's about as small as a 17 '' computer could be -- but if you are sitting in coach and the person in front of you reclines their seat , it 's hard to use .
( get the 12 '' if you think this might be a problem for you . )
finally , a word on apple service .
i had some problems with this computer and needed to send it back to apple several times -- which is a bad thing .
on the other hand , i finally reached roberto , a powerbook specialist in applecare , who was understanding and expedited my repair -- which is a good thing .
4-stars -- would have been 5-stars except for the hardware problems .

-1
i 've had this computer for 6 months .
the system works well , but the mousepad is a disaster and makes all use of it frustrating .
it 's not responsive - i have to press the left-click button 1-3 times to get it to work .
it is also not an ergonomic key pad .
think about this before you buy , the buttons are ineffective , and positioned for elf hands - i 've never had hand strain in 15 years of computing until this hp !
my wife 's dell is the opposite - easy buttons and ergonomic .
i only use my hp with a different mouse in the usb port.it has shut down once or twice for no reason , and sometimes wo n't start without pressing the & quot ; reset & quot ; button , but otherwise it 's been smooth riding with the system itself .

-1
i bought a factory refurbished unit from j & amp ; r via amazon .
product turned up okay and appeared to be brand new .
unfortunately the computer continually crashed from the first time i used it .
as soon as i tried to use the burner or the associated supplied software it dumped and rebooted .
i used the supplied installation discs and reformatted in case there was a problem but this did not cure the continual crashing .
so i did what it said in the product manual and contacted compaq 's help line .
and as per pretty much everyone else 's experience found them to be a waste of time .
helplines are for routine computer problems caused by lack of knowledge .
as soon as you actually need them to solve something they are a waste of time , which proved to be the case here .
i got through to the helpline based in india or some other non english speaking country and was given advice which proved to be of no use at all along with a case number .
and of course when i tried to call back through the automated telephone exchange , the case number was not recognised .
i gave up and called j & amp ; r who gave me a return number and i 've sent it back .
this means that i will have about a two week delay before i recieve a replacement .
still , compaq - nil points , j & amp ; r 5 points .
so far .

-1
i bought my a15-s129 two years ago for $ 500 , but since then it 's given me a wealth of problems.given that statement , i should say that i use my laptop for perhaps 6+ hours a day , and often not in ideal conditions , i.e .
on my bed .
also , when it has been working free of problems , it has met my needs sufficiently , which include word processing , internet surfing , and the occasional low-graphic game .
i do n't think the intel video card can handle any game that 's graphics-intensive , as i tried running world of warcraft and found it almost unplayable.during the end of the first year , the laptop 's fan start to make noises .
i opened the laptop up and took out the cooling unit .
evidently the adhesive holding the unit together had tilted the rotor in one direction , so the fan 's blades were grinding against the surrounding casing .
after coping with it for a few weeks , it became unbearable , as an official `` cooling system error '' popped up on my screen a few times .
( the fan would stop itself if it kept grinding against the casing ) i bought a replacement fan , installed it myself , and the cooling system has given me no problems since.after about 18 months , the hinge connecting the display to the main board became extremely wobbly and loose .
nowadays , if i tilt the screen more than 20 degrees from vertical , the hinge will give out and the screen will slam down on whichever side it was tilted towards.after two years ( i.e .
right now ) , a component in the hard drive has either been broken loose or placed in a spot it should n't be , since my hard drive now makes extremely loud grinding noises if i do n't place it at just the right ( often awkward ) angle .
i 'm afraid that one of these days the laptop will simply refuse to start up because the hard drive ca n't be accessed.i do n't think 2 years is an acceptable life span for a computer , so i am ultimately disappointed with my purchase .
i have backed up all my files and plan on buying a new laptop soon .
i have no intention of purchasing another toshiba -- it 's just not a risk i want to take .

-1
i have had my a15 for about 2.5 years now ... they system has worked well but several parts have either cracked or failed over this time .
first , the cooling fan tore itself apart and had to be completely replaced .
next the ac power connector cracked .
additionally , the hinges on the monitor are very loose and conventional wisdom is that they need to be replaced with new ( not used ) laptop hinges which cost about 100 each ( one for each side of the monitor ! )
.
now the headphone jack has a short in it and sometimes the speakers work after plugging in a headphone and sometimes not .
the system has very poor battery life and heats up much more so than other laptops i have used .
i will never buy another toshiba ... its construction stinks !
again , the system itself works fine ... but these `` side '' problems make it more irritating that it 's worth .
i would strongly not buying this machine .

-1
i bought the notebook in 2004 , and performance was fine .
as xp and ms office updated themselves -- and , to be fair , as i loaded additional software -- performance got slower and slower .
loading an internet browser took up to a minute ( and often more , when my wife would click again and again on the quick launch icon , seeing no response ) .
eventually i added a 512 mb memory stick for a total of 768 mb , and that fixed the slow-loading problem.meanwhile , the computer started to shut down without warning , and after searching the internet , i figured out that it was overheating .
i tried to clean the fan area , but there was hardly any dust there .
so now the computer is up on a few kids ' play blocks to keep air circulating underneath , and even with that , it shuts down during full virus scans and spyware scans.the fan has now been making erratic noises .
sometimes it starts up , sometimes it clicks , sometimes it does n't run .
next project is replacing the fan .
i 'd like to find a way to lubricate the fan and see if that helps , but it seems to be a closed unit.toshiba sure does n't make it easy to repair this unit , with almost no resources online for the overheating and fan problems that seem to be endemic to this computer , and it seems that it often needs some major repairs , particularly to the cooling .
although the computer was okay for the first year or so , i ca n't really recommend it because of the problems after that .

-1
i had a lot of trouble upgrading from xp home that came bundled with my frv37 to xp professional .
i had to do a fresh installation of xp pro that formatted my machine .
this also resulted in loosing all of the preloaded software .
i just ordered for a set of recovery dvd 's from sony for $ 35 .
i fail to understand why sony wants to save on recovery cds ... customers beware !
!
!
do not try updrading the machine to xp professional .
sony does not support it .

-1
just bought the p15-s409 .
so far so good .
until i called support in istanbul turkey .
polite but only capable of telling me official toshiba policies and not caring about actually solving the problem .
to quote them : & quot ; toshiba does not support upgrades from xp home to pro & quot ; .
well gee , i guess i 'll throw this computer away and buy a new one .
nothing like having a product represented by a third party that does n't give a .

-1
this is not meant to be a full , all-inclusive review .
these are just the points that did not meet my expectations.1 .
it does n't look as good as in pictures .
in fact , i think it looks ugly.2 .
the sound is way too soft .
there is no function key to control volume .
at the top volume , you can barely hear sound from movies or music.3 .
the 4200 rpm hard disk makes the computer sloooow when running more than one application at a time.those were my major gripes .
it actually is an ok laptop - but who buys an ok laptop when they can buy the best ?
the screen is nice , intel 's integrated wireless is cool , it comes with a dvd player ... everything else is pretty much what you would expect from a 15 & quot ; laptop .

-1
not very good .
too old to used firefox , google chrome .
too slow to run youtube .
not the sellers fault , it 's just if you buy an apple computer for under $ 200 , you get what you pay for .

-1
i got a 12 in used today and already want to sell it .
the 1 gb memory is so small , that you ca n't even do the updates the computer needed if you have downloaded anything .
the computer is nice , it 's a great size , and graphic are good .
but this is a huge problem for me .
i did not realize how fast 1 gb goes , until i got this computer.i will probably get a mac again i will just need something with way more memory .

-1
there is no password required to start the computer but the computer needs eight updates and i can not perform this function .
the previous owner 's password has not been removed so i can update and load required updates .
the previous owner 's password is required , however , it was not provided .
i have tried to contact discount mac depot with no prevail with their number which was provided on the slip of paper within the laptop .
i am most likely going to send this computer back if i can not obtain the password to change the profile and make the required updates .
i will most likely never buy another refurbished apple again .
overall , i am not happy .

-1
the description of this laptop was not accurate .
there were a couple of damaged areas , which definitely would have affected the use of the laptop.i am still waiting on a refund on this purchase .

-1
i could n't use the wi-fi .
i do n't know why , but it would n't work .
i just use the ibook to rewrite cds , and watch dvds on it .

-1
it is the old version so u pretty much ca n't do anything with it ... no youtube or any kind of videos ... and very slow and you ca n't download the old adobe 9 because they do n't even make that anymore .

-1
computer is as described cosmetically , however it is missing the x key and i have no idea how to find a replacement .
i bought this computer for my daughter and she is unable to use it until i can a ) purchase a new charger and b ) find a replacement x key .
also was n't aware from product description that we would not be able to access the internet without a airport card which was not included .

-1
kindle is amazing this laptop works few hour a day if wifi works otherwise re ?
its a printing press hard wa

-1
i bought this for my son as a christmas present for school and for playing his mmorpg games .
at first it was ok .
i needed to get a new battery because the one that came with it did n't hold a charge for long .
then i bought more ram for it because of the gaming part .
after that , it was perfect until 2 days ago .
he 's only had it not even 2 months and we ca n't even turn it on now .
the battery wo n't charge when its plugged in and it wont even run off the power cord .
i paid $ 300.00 for the laptop itself and threw another $ 200 - $ 250.00 getting it ready for him to use it .
looking back , if i knew back then what i know now i would 've just bought a new laptop with a warranty since now i have to pay $ 100.00 just to have hp/compaq look at it .

-1
i bought this new t41 2 months ago , product is awesome , but after 6 weeks of use , the hard disk crashed , and when i called up ibm , they said that they would replace the hard disk with a new one , and the data from the old one can not be restored .
lost all my data .
so , if ur planning to buy it , i would suggest u to buy an external data storage .

-1
i bought this for my kids and traveling and paid around 150 give some take some.but i would not buy from this company ever again .
yes its refurbished but i thought that also ment the battery would stay charged.it dont the only way it works is plugged in the wall outlet all the time.and i got no paperwork ( company # or info on laptop ) from company on anything with it.dont get me wrong but it dos work when its plugged in.notto pleased cause i got to buy a battery.buy the time im done i should of bought new .

-1
purchased for my wife about 2.5 years ago .
not a bad little computer -- save for about one year after purchasing the speakers quit working -- which sony fixed quickly as it was still under warranty .
then about 6 months ago the dvd combo-drive began to fail .
most recently , ( two weeks ago ) the hard drive has failed completely .
( with some warning , but i was unable to back up some of the data before complete failure ) bottom line : wife loved the computer -- it was light , small , and had great battery life .
however , ours had its share of problems and there are many people who seem to have similar problems with hard drive .

-1
do not buy this sony laptop .
it has a sleek design and stylish look but does not have a lot of features and also beware of your hard drive as it dies in little over an year.sony support sucks and they wont even let me know about the nearest sony support center until they bill me for the time i spoke to their support guy .
their support is also very expensive.thank god i did not need to spend $ 750 ( as per their website ) and send my laptop and wait until they fix it , as i got it replaced the hard drive which i bought online for less than $ 300 .
very bad experience with the laptop and their support .
my friends who bought dell and toshiba for $ 1300 's ( cheap when compare with what i spend $ 2000 ) around the same time i bought this sony viao are using them without any problems and good features and great support .
on an overall i am not buying any sony laptop in future .

-1
i purchased the pcgtr3a in may of 2004 .
less than 3 months later , my hard drive died -- sony replaced .
now , november 2005 , my hard drive died again .
this time it was not covered , and all of the estimates to replace are $ 260+ .
my sister has the exact same model , and her hard drive also died after less than 1 1/2 years.also , sony 's support is useless .
it is very difficult to get a person on the phone without paying a tech support service fee .
when i finally got them on the phone , they suggested i buy a better hard drive next time .
are they admitting that this one is not good ?
!
?
although the laptop is light and sleek , these physical characteristics are overshadowed by its unreliable hard drive and sony 's unhelpful customer service .

-1
i used the amazon information to go by , and one thing that i was specifically looking for was a serial port , as many of the applications i run require a serial port connection .
i got the device and was very well pleased with it , however , it had no serial port !
i like the device well enough to give it to my son , but i am disappointed with the product presentation by amazon .
if you have no need for a serial port , it is a lot of machine in a small package , and i liked it a lot other than the one area .
i should have done more research on the device at other sources of info .

-1
i own this laptop for around 2 years .
though i was happy during first few months , this laptop started giving me lot of problems ... here are the pros and cons of it : pros:1 ) awesome screen clarity ( xbrite technology ) 2 ) keyboard and touchpad are really nice.3 ) good performance ... no need to wonder as it 's pentium 4 2.8 ghz , 512 mb ram.4 ) it has memorystick slot , nice to have if you have a sony digital camera.cons:1 ) it 's heavy , heavy , too heavy for a laptop.2 ) it comes with a large size brick i.e ) the power adaptor ... aweful even a b grade brands are giving very small adaptors ... 3 ) the sound quality is terrible.4 ) no external control of volume/brightness etc .
you need to have the sony special software to enable the special keys to do that .
once you format and reinstall your windows , you are lost .
you need to purchase those software/windows xp home cd seperately .
sony does n't give them for you along with the laptop.5 ) known problem with the wireless connection .
it goes disconnected every 5 or 10 minutes.6 ) a very known problem with this model .
there are several forums yelling at sony for this issue .
there are websites trying to form a group to legally fight with sony on this .
it 's a manufacturing defect .
the ram slot is poorly manufactured so the ram easily breaks out of the slot over the time .
it freezes the system completely .
only if you have some idea of hardware or if you have gone through all crying forums , you are safe .
otherwise see the next con.7 ) it will cost around half of the laptop price to do a service on the laptop .
you need to send it to some place via post ( all postal cost will be yours ) 8 ) after my warrenty period , i was asked to pay 19.99 $ to talk to a custumer support rep to discuss about the same ram issue i got with my laptop ( see previous con ) .
luckily , i saw those forums and fixed it by myself.9 ) aweful battery life .
initially it gave me around 1.5 hr and now it 's giving around 35 minutes ... 10 ) it 's too costly ... you may save around 500 $ if you buy a better laptop ( like dell ) .i bought this only for the brand name sony .
but i am sure i wo n't buy a sony laptop again .
i would recommend dell or hp .

-1
when i bought my hp pavillion zd180 notebook i was excited about the ht technology and the allure of power that suggested.i soon became disgusted with the design flaw of this notebook , both intake air vents and fans ( needed to cool these hot running twin processors ) are situated on the bottom of the device .
because this model has an oversized display screen , and a very hungry pair of top end intel 4 's , the battery after boot-up will power device for 2 hours maximum .
the fact that you can not use this laptop on your lap makes it a notebook computer , at least that was the official word from hp when 3 months after purchase motherboard melted and hp had it back for a 100 % re-fit.although the service was fast , free and professional , the design flaws outweighed the speed capable by this firecracker of a `` notebook '' .i call it a firecracker because is races but quickly is a memory.dave adammanteo , nc

-1
i bought it in january 2004 and the power jack went bad in january 2006 .
i bought a laptopp on the cheap end , knowing that it would either break or be outdated in a couple of years , and here i am , just as predicted.i have to call kenmore , now .
my two year old refrigerator just stop refrigerating .
ah , the age of great quality and service !
( yes , mr. steve .
i am sorry to here about your broken equipment , mr. steve .
i 'm sorry , but it seems i can not help you .
please hold . )

-1
to be brief , the other reviews are dead on with the portability of this laptop .
what they failed to mention is the quality of the lcd screen , or there lack of .
it is bright and crisp , because it is made for just 1024x768 , your other option of course 800x600 with very poor image quality.the other downfall with these laptops is the blown out pixels that come with every version of your 3200 , at least in my case , this might not be the case for others .
i returned one 3200 hundred due to mouse problems , but also had 2 black blown out pixels right in the middle of the screen .
brand new out of the box , bam , two pixels out , my luck .
luckily i was returning this laptop because of the mouse , otherwise , they 'll tell you industry standards are 8 pixels at least before it can be returned .
that comment concerned me , but i shrugged it off because i was told i was to receive a new 3200 .
joy , after 2 weeks and no laptop , i received the new one .
opened the box , gently took it out of the rapping , placed it on a secure surface , turn it on ( loads fast ) ... you know the black window before load up into windows .
haha , another two blown out pixels , but at least these are on the sides and white .
in windows you cant notice them all the time , i guess.otherwise , it 's small , light , and great to carry around.boy those pixels are annoying at startup .
love you though amd ( starts up fast ) .i would have given the averatec 3200 a 4 out of 5 , but deduct 2 for the 2 pixels taken from me .

-1
it was all fine and i was deeply impressed with how well it suited my simple needs for such a low price -- until the hard drive died on me after six months !
so i said , stuff happens , there 's a one-year warranty , let 's send it in .
not a good experience .
spent almost a hundred dollars for shipping both ways , and service fulfillment was the worst .
said they were going to call me to ask for my credit card number , but when after a week , they still had n't , i called them , and it was a big runaround -- long wait times , being transferred to voice mails , the usual waste of time we are all regularly subjected to ... conclusion : back up your files .
but still pray the hard drive does n't die on you , because if it does , it 's the biggest hassle to get it fixed .
good luck !

-1
before buying this machine one should know the fact that you can not return something that is custom built .
i just added an airport extreme card .
whn i got the ibook , the keyboard was defective .
so obviously i wanted to get a new machine and not repair my brand new ibook.but the customer service is harsh and not soft spoken at all .
the sales guys are amaazing , but not the tech support !
they just ridiculed me by saying `` dont you know you cant return this thing ? ''
pl call the tech support !
i always used to wonder why apple is not as successful as dell or windows based vendors ... .
the reason , the tech support is no where near dell/microsoft .

-1
first off , the monitor is absolutely stunning.on the more substantial , i bought the item in august and by september , i was getting the `` blue screen of death '' on a regular basis .
technical support was not much help .
of course , i realized this was more than just the new computer adjusting and by the time i brought it back to the store i bought it from , the 30 days ran out , so i had to ship my machine back to sony.they fixed it fine and in less than 10 days , but 30 days later , i was beginning to have spotty network issues and the cd/dvd drive died completely .
after many hours on the phone with tech support , i am once again without my very expensive laptop for the second time in the five months since ive owned it.when it works it is fine , but i would not recommend this computer because it has too many problems ( i have since discovered many of the unhappy sony vaio owners ) and you can get a decent computer for several hundred dollars less.if they offered me a refund , or to buy me a lower end version of a mac or even a dell , i would take it in a minute .

-1
-my battery died within 6 mos-the internal wireless card went bad after about 2 yrs .
unfortunately it also causes windows to crash if i even switch it on .
luckily it doesnt bother linux.-the hdd has just died at a little under 3 yrs.these failures are common in laptops that travel often and used roughly .
however i used this as a desktop comp with very little travelling.oth i very much like the lcd .
and i will be upgrading the memory and the hdd to extend its life , as well as pull the wlan and upgrade cooling as it always ran hot .

-1
i recenlty purchase the ibook out of the curiousity of apple since i read a lot of reviews about how great the machinee is .
but after i tried out , i have to say it is not that great.the os x claims that it is unix base and seldom crashes .
but when i use some java based chatrooms , it does crash .
it also crashes when multiple applications are used .
it maybe the small rams that comes with it .
( 256mb ) .
the dock is good , but it gets too complicated when you have a lot of windows open .
and they stay there if you do n't close them .
it gets kind of confusing sometimes.for the hardware , it is a beautiful machine .
but there seems to be missing a microphone plug .
i happened to need a webcam .
but it is hard to find compatible webcams for mac .
most compatible ones are expensive , of course .
it seems like a lot of mac related products are more expensive than windows products .
so this will not be a low cost machine to maintain .
i was pretty frustrated with the search for a compatible webcam .
i really do n't wan na think about other peripherals i want to buy in the future.maybe it will gget better when mac is more popular .
but for now , it is probably better to wait for a bit longer .

-1
with all the hoopla surrounding the ipod , i somehow managed to delude myself into buying this piece of junk a year ago .
here are my observations:1 .
apple will forever remain a niche producer of computers simply because they have this obnoxious habit of gouging cutomers .
every apple accessory is almost 30-40 % more expensive and one generation behind .
case in point being the combo drives ( optimistically called 'super ' ) and the terrible godawful screen.2 .
the base station ( or the router ) has a much shorter range than my belkin 54mbps g router and costs 3 times as much.3 .
there is a reason why most apple owners ( including myself ) will fervently advise you to get extended apple care - you will most definitely need it .
most dell lappy owners ( and i have owned/used 7 laptops extensively -over 3 months each ) and none have needed the kind of attention this guy needs - not even close .
local apple repair service is expensive.4 .
os x is a work of art - and the unix spine is a joy to behold .
it is absolutely the best operating system i have ever used - hands down .
i come from a old school unix background - and using ls and ps is a way of life .
the only problem is that i am unable to enjoy this brilliant os with such a crummy screen and underperforming rickety hardware .
i run a server farm and compile various linux distros regualarly - compared to any consumer linux version , osx is absolutely magnificient .
xp can not compare.5 .
speedwise , the only comparable advantage macintoshes enjoy is for video .
if someone has very little use for advanced rendering capabilities , one should seriously reconsider buying this machine.6 .
so far , i have called apple service 7 times in the past 14 months .
for the record , i currently own 3 laptops ( toshiba m2 and a dell 700m- all bought in the past year ) - and i have not called customer support at all .
come to think of it , these 7 times are more than all my previous support calls combined.7 .
most mac ibooks are extremely picky about the type of ram they use .
mac owners like to call this 'bad ram ' - but without going into technical details - this smacks of gross negligence in apple 's design .
this is akin to a car company making a car that runs on only premium gasoline.8 .
no free office suite will ever come close to microsoft office , and the macintosh platform is no exception .
mac office is very nice , and there are zero compatibility issues.for those who are still interested in this machine ( and os x ) , i would recommend the dell 700m ( with win pro sp2 and antivirus ) .
much better screen , responsive keyboard , standard hardware and literally thousands of applications .
if you are still interested in the apple platform , the new powerbooks should be given serious consideration .

-1
i laughed out loud when i saw the asking price for this ancient machine .
it is light years old and rapidly becoming obsolete .
most new software requires intel chips .
i think my ipod has more ram than this machine .
whoever is trying to sell this is delusional .
it would make a better paper weight !
i would know , i have two powerbooks that have the ram and hdds maxed out and they are quickly becoming useless !
what a joke .

-1
i have the toshiba satellite a65-s1066 , and have had nothing but problems with it .
it 's been sent to the shop multiple times for overheating and shutting down .
also , the hinges for the screen are very flimsy and have the ability to break easy .
this product is becoming increasingly frustrating , i will not be purchasing another toshiba laptop .

-1
let me qualify this review by making it clear that i am not a mac user .
my only experience with mac 's is a few mins spent each time i visit apple store .
i am writing this for those thinking of a switch from xp to mac .
i know it will be unpopular with mac fans but hope it helps you xp users make the right decision.ibook pro's,1 .
it looks sleek , smooth and sexy .
nothing in pc world is this well designed.2 .
no weekly patches coming from redmond to apply.3 .
no anti-virus or anti-spyware needed ( ? )
4 .
longer battery life than pc laptops but not by much.5 .
ca n't really think of anything else other than the different and coolness factor.con's,1 .
screen , screen , screen .
the 14 '' ibook just look awful with mac os x 's anti-aliased fonts .
xp 's cleartype seems really really clear in comparison .
( search for `` quartz extreme '' for more details on apple 's website ) 2 .
need to spend $ 160+ to put in 1gb ram ( in contrast xp runs similarly fast on just 512mb , about $ 30 expense for an extra 256mb stick ) .3 .
all accessories are extremely high priced .
how about $ 60 for a mouse ?
4 .
no upgrades , everything except ram slot is very hard to reach .
2 dozen mini-screws before you reach hard disk !
5 .
need to buy new softwares , i have almost everything needed for xp already.6 .
non-scrolling & single button touchpad.7 .
paying atleast 30 % premium compared to similar hardware with wintel laptops.8 .
stuck with propreitary things apple does , no innovation or competetion like in pc world.9 .
need to buy apple 's extended warranty because very few people can open or repair it .
and laptops ca n't be fixed at home unlike desktops.10 .
it is heavier than many wintel laptop with low volt processors like pentium m.11 .
lots of softwares and devices just do n't work on mac.
> > what good is a laptop that would give you strain with its tiny fancy fonts ?
> > what good is wasting your hard earned money for nothing special ?
> > what good is a fancy laptop if it can run only propreitary software from apple and very little else ?
in short , do n't fall for that ipod `` halo effect '' that wall street analysts are talkin about .
the ibook/powerbook look very good but are no good for most xp users , unlike ipod .
xp itself is very stable by now , just needs lots of patches/updates .
do n't waste your time & money on this .

-1
last friday i went ahead and purchased a vaio k35 from a bestbuy .
the screen is really great , and they had 24 months no interest plan to pay the $ 1350 after rebates .
that all sounded like a good deal back then ... the vaio k35 froze on me the first day after sending the notebook to hibernation .
needless to say i started testing how it did with hibernation/standby .
the freeze did n't happen always , but it happened close to half the times it came from hibernation , never from standby it seems .
i made sure the bios was not doing any power management , just windows .
even the vaio power management was disabled inside windows power management control panel .
also , i had the lattest drivers from vaio update .
still , it was freezing some times after hibernation.installed windows xp pro + service pack 2 + all the vaio drivers and updates , and still the same thing .
it did n't happen always , but yesterday night it froze again coming back from hibernation .
enough for me.this morning i took the notebook to bestbuy in the frozen state actually , so they could see it .
the technician 's verdict : `` there 's no mechanical problem , this is microsoft 's fault , the laptop is within sony specifications . ''
there was no appeal to this incompetent verdict despite my several attempts .
i 've used ibm notebooks for a long time at work , with no hibernation problem .
and my brother has a vaio s260 without that problem.since i did n't want the laptop , i was going to be charged the 15 % restocking fee , $ 240 , or i had to replace it with another laptop .
chose to return it , and already sent an email to bestbuy 's customer service directly , to fight for this unfair restocking fee applied in this case.these vaios have a nice screen , but basicaly that 's it .
battery does n't last too long , just one hour watching a dvd .
fan is a bit noisy , and the laptop freezes whenever it feels like after hibernation .
definitely not recommended .

-1
i was in love with this laptop too in the beginning .
i even went online and read the reviews .
at the time , there were only 2 reviews and both were good .
so we went ahead and bought it .
i love the look .
i ca n't complain .
very slim , slick and light .
you can carry it around no problem.but i do n't think sony really took the time to design it well .
first of all , the mouse plug is on the lower right hand side .
now if you 're right handed ( like many of us are ) you will find it getting in the way of the mouse .
( i like to attach a mouse when i 'm at home doing work ) .
it 's just really awkward that it 's sticking out right there.and another , which is probably the worst thing ever is that it so loud .
the fan is very very loud .
i noticed it right away but ignored it .
i figured every laptop is like that .
one time i used my husband 's laptop ( an ibm ) and was amazed at how quiet it was .
and he has more stuff on his laptop than i do on mine .
i really wanted this because i thought centrino was supposed to be a quiet processor .
i do n't know why this laptop is so loud .
it 's just really annoying .
i 'm very disappointed in sony .
i 'm sony fan .
everything we own is sony from tv to camcorder to the dvd player .
i just hoped they had designed this one better .
= (

-1
when i first purchased this laptop from future shop i was overjoyed with the performance.it has been 3 months since , and now it gets extremely hot , the casing has warped all over the place from the heat , and anytime i open any application other than internet explorer or try to play music , everything grinds to a halt and then the laptop just turns off !
what a waste of money !

-1
i was really disapointed with this computer .
3 months after buying the notebook .
my hard drive crashed and i had to spend like 200 dollars to get it fixed .
its also very bulky and compared to the modern age computers , it is also slow .

-1
the pentium 4 cpu requires that the fan run all the time at a very fast speed which means that it is very noisy .
i looked at this very model in several stores and never heard the fan run .
i was told by sony that the fan was not on in the store because it wss bssically being used as a `` tv '' not a computer .
i feel that this is false advertising .
i did extensive research on this unit before purchasing .
now i am facing up to a $ 400.00 penalty when i return this unit to have the seller take it back ( if they will ) .
this is bad business and bad retail policy on the part of amazon .
buyer beware !

-1
i have been very disappointed with this computer .
it is supposed to be portable but the battery life is so poor that you have to be near mains power .
i find that i get just over half an hour from the battery before it needs recharging .
i can not watch a dvd film on it using battery power .
the power requirement is so high that i can not find an air/car 12v adapter powerful enough to charge the battery .
this machine is a step backwards not a step forwards.i contacted sony and i didnt find their advice useful .
they could only suggest the things i had already tried through `` help '' etc .
from this experience i would not buy a sony again .

-1
i hooked up my qosmio to a cable box today and am having several problems 1 ) when watching live tv i hear the same soundtrack twice , about 2 seconds apart .
2 ) the picture is grainy and looks nothing like what i saw in the store .
3 ) there is a line of snow or gray and white static on the top of the screen on every channel .
i 've spent hours trying to remedy this with no luck .
playing dvds and listening to music on this machine is simple .
watching tv should be too .

-1
if you are looking at this computer for its tv tuner , do n't bother .
i have a 6 year old ( ati ) video card in my old desk top computer that has a much better tv image .
there are other problems besides the image:1 .
the sound does n't quite synchronize with the image2 .
most channels have an annoying bar of flickering pixels at the very top of the screen.3 .
they tout the instant on feature without booting windows , but do n't tell you that only channels 2-13 are available in that mode.you are better off getting a cheaper laptop and small portable lcd tv than this one computer .

-1
i bought this computer for a longer business trip .
at home i use an apple ibook g4 but for the trip i needed a windows machine .
do n't worry , i will not be pitching macos x against windows xp , i just will compare the hardware design of two laptops which cost about the same ( us $ 900 ) and are similar size ( both have 12.1 '' xga screens ) .1 .
the biggest contrast between the two is in battery life , the av3250 lasts a little more than 2 hours ( maybe 2.5 ) under normal use ( not playing a dvd , just typing etc . )
, the ibook almost 4 ( both have li-ion batteries ) .
note , that averatech claims up to 3.5 h and apple up to 6 .
if the ibook is not running you can press an external button on the battery and 4 leds will tell you how much is left in the battery , the av leaves you guessing.2 .
secondly , i always thought the ibook gets hot , but only until i felt how hot the av3250 gets .
you can burn your skin .
and related : the cooling vents ( at least the intake ) on the av3200 series are on the bottom , so if you put this laptop onto your knees or a soft surface you will most likely block them .
soon the fan will kick in at a noise level that will urge you to improve the cooling situation .
in contrast the ibook has the vents on the sides and when you open it the screen prevents you from blocking them .
i have hardly ever heard the fan.what else ?
both come with modem , wireless and ethernet built-in ( the ibook has a nifty uplink sense , so you do not need a crossover cable when connecting two computers directly ) , both can drive external displays ( for the ibook that requires a widely available patch ) , both have stereo speakers ( sorry , but the ones in the ibook sound quite a bit better ) , the ibook has a microphone built in , the av has a microphone jack in the front .
the av has 3 usb ports , the ibook has 2 but also a ieee 1394 ( firewire ) port .
the av has a pc card slot , the ibook does not , but since networking is built-in , what would one possibly put in there ?
and did i mention that the av fan is very noisy ?
another little detail : the ibook power supply lets you wrap the cable around it thanks to 2 fold-out hooks , for the av power supply i had to get a strap to tame the cable.and last not least , the edge of the trackpad on my av rubs against the screen when it is closed and leaves a 1.5 '' long mark .
apparently the screen is harder than the plastic housing because the mark can be wiped off , albeit with some effort.i am not trying to say that the ibook is a perfect laptop , it is apple 's low end laptop after all .
but in comparison it is almost amazing how much more thinking went into its design , things you easily take for granted if you have one and you may not miss if you never used a better designed laptop.then , if you rarely depend on battery power and keep the av on a table , preferably without closing the lid ( and maybe some external speakers ) , it proabaly will serve you well .

-1
i found this deal at [ ... ] headlinedeals.com and ordered the product on dec 9th as a gift for my wife .
it was delivered a few days later .
unfortunately my wife did n't like the product when it was fully revealed out of the package .
it is a bit bulky in a 12.1 '' size .
the lcd with a very wide trim edge compare to my 13.1 '' piii6000 .
i wanted to return it to amazon , but only to find it is a product from tech depot and i can not return it to home depot either !
i call tech depot for rma number , only to find the following message from them a few more days later : we have received your request to return the following product : avertec av 3250h1 athlon xp-m 12.1 tftplease be aware that your request appears to be out of policy for one or more reasons .
( only new , factory sealed product is returnable ) for this reason , the request was submitted to management for an exception approval .
unfortunately , they were unsuccessful in their attempt.reason : rd - refer direct .
please contact manufacturer-which means that vendor name request that all return be handle through them .
please call 408 294-4336i will call that number later .
anyway , as a longtime customer at amazon.com , i wished that amzon.com had not sell this product on the website with hidden policis.i would rather spend more money at store at bestbuy or circuit city because they have better policy regarding return or refund .

-1
the averatec laptop seems like a great deal - it has a nice design , and lots of neat features , for cheaper than most similar models .
but , in my case , problems arose right out of the box .
the thing came installed with a faulty cd/dvd drive - it would n't even recognize it 's own boot-up cds , much less music or software cds , and dvds were also out .
so within a month of unwrapping , i was shipping it off to the company again - at my own expense - and immediately victim to the horrid warranty service.it took a full week to get to the repair service in california .
then , they had it for a full week there .
shipping back was a nightmare - they use a service that does not include pick-up , so , if you 're not at home when they come to drop it off ( they wo n't leave a laptop sitting outside ) , you are screwed .
after a week of it shipping back to the east coast , it took me another full week of trying to catch the delivery person and missing him every day .
finally , i got a notice that there would be one more attempt before its being shipped back to california ( ! )
, so i had to take a full day off from work so i could make sure i was home !
i finally got my laptop back almost exactly one full month after sending it back.and the cd/dvd drive is still very picky .
25 percent of the time it wo n't recognize something in there , and is very finicky about cds , often developing playback issues ( or just complete failure ) the longer the time you are accessing the cd.now , cut to a year later - conveniently , right at the end of my warranty - and the laptop is randomly shutting down whenever it feels like it ( presumably the unit is overheating due to a broken fan or something along those lines ) .
as i do n't really travel with my laptop , and it 's spend 95 percent of it 's life sitting on my desk in the same position , the hardware seems rather fragile .
anyway , to avoid the repair-service debacle all over again , i wanted to have a local computer technician do the job - but averatec wo n't sell it 's parts .
as the customer service rep said over the phone : `` you either pay us whatever we charge to fix it , or you have a broken laptop .
`` i mentioned that , although my warranty was only a year , one month of that year was spent without a laptop because of faulty equipment that came installed on the unit .
technically , i 've only had the laptop in my posession for 11 months .
that logic did n't work ; they did n't really care what problems i had earlier.so now i 'm forced to pay to send this thing off once again .
who knows when i 'll get it back .
i 'll probably have to take another day off from work so i can make sure i get it.conclusion : avoid averatec , and find a laptop that comes with a sturdier ( and , of course , out-of-the-box functional ) hardware , and , most importantly , is made by a company that makes fixing and getting your laptop back to you quickly a priority .

-1
very poor shipping .
had to contact amazon to resolve totally unnessary mailing problem .
unit was corrupted with nonresolvable issues .
finally turned unit into recycle as it was not worth the time and effort to even attempt any type ot repair/replace/return.this is the 1st really bad/poor amazon experience .
hopefully the last , but i take some of the blame .
will exercise much more caution and research in the future.edgar

-1
thinking it was time to play catch-up , i decided to buy a laptop computer even though i have two desktop computers at my disposal .
( i assembled my first computer back in 1974 ) .
i looked over many laptop computer specifications and finally decided on this averatec laptop that had the best price along with the specs i wanted .
when i received the computer , i was surprised at how well it was made and i patted myself on the back for making a good purchase .
i tried out all the functions and everything seemed to be just as i wanted it .
there was one little problem , though .
the processor ( cpu ) seemed to run a little slower than the published 1.83 ghz .
i clicked on system icon in the control panel and was surprised to see that the processor speed was only 798mhz , not 1.83 ghz .
this was less than half the specified speed .
i e-mailed averatec about this discrepancy , but never heard back from them.the computer has an amd sempron 2600+ cpu ( processor ) so i went to the amd website and , with a little effort , found that the processor did have a specified 1.83 ghz clock speed .
i also went to other sources that sold averatec laptops and was surprised to see that averatec does not publish the clock speed of the processors they are using in their computers ( ?
?
? )
.
i liked the overall layout of the computer and its great looks , but i reluctantly returned it because it was much slower than i expected or wanted .
if anyone wants to check their cpu speed and they have a windows os , they can click on the following : start - > control panel- > system - > general and read the cpu value .
i hope you wo n't be as disappointed as i was .

-1
even though this is a discontinued product i 'm so upset with my experience with it i 'd like to warn any potential buyers .
the power adapter on this just went up in smoke one day when i picked up the laptop to move it .
i mean , literally went up in smoke - sparks , the whole deal .
i called apple and they gave me the names of two stores where i could find replacements - neither of these stores really carried a replacement .
i looked all over - no luck .
finally bought a third-party power adapter , the only thing available in this good sized town , which broke off in my laptop and destroyed it .
yuck .
very disappointed - i 've never owned a windows computer that is as shoddy as the supposedly high-quality apple .
i mean - a power adapter that spontaneously combusts ?

-1
i have my mba for six month right now .
overall i am almost happy , but ... .
wireless antenna is not as powerful as i need .
my mb pro can `` see '' 15 networks near my home , mba only 6 !
!
!
!
sometimes it takes more than 30 minute to have internet access at airports and other places.each time i arrive home it says `` there is not preferred networks in range '' !
!
!
and it is my home network !
.this beauty travels really easy , everybody looks at it and it is sturdy .
the lack of connectivity , the insufficient usb ports , and the underperformance make me think that i have something nice but close to useless .

-1
i actually do not own this but my friend bought one a month ago .
very simply put ; it is a nice toy if you have thousands of dollars to waste .
in a very short time from now it will be seriously out-dated and apple will push a fancier and more cost effective ( cheaper ) one .
terrible value

-1
i 've owned this for 2.5 weeks and am more than a little discouraged with the product .
my macbookpro 15 '' shuts down at random - seemingly when it gets too hot and right before the fans should probably have kicked in .
i 've wasted time on apple support trying to install the firmware restore cd - etc etc etc .
still the same old thing .
the support told me that the mother board had to be replaced .
it will only take two weeks to receive .
i 've had this thing two weeks and the first week i had it , the optical drive went bad and had to be replaced .
the apple store has had it more than i have.in the meantime , i did find a fix .
i got a sport ice bag and placed it under the laptop and as long as it stays cold , it wo n't shut off and i do n't loose all my work .
i never read the claim that ice was n't included with the purchase of this machine , but that seems to be the requirement.i 'm so disappointed with this machine !
!
!
i 'm ready to throw it back to apple and forget the whole transaction ever existed .
with all the hype i read about great apple support - i 've yet to see it .
it 's far worse than enything i ever experienced with my dell laptops in the past .

-1
i have had nothing but problems with this computer in the last 9 months i 've been using it , and i am eager to upgrade to a new laptop computer .
personally , i did n't use the notebook on-screen writing features enough to make this a worthwhile buy .
i have found that i type and use a mouse much faster than i can work on-screen.i keep my computer at low memory usage and i never put non-mainstream software on it , plus i run a virus scanner , so i can only point to the computer itself as the source of my many , many problems with this product .
it gets `` cranky '' being left on for more than a week in my docking station .
it will go to sleep and not respond to the power button , so that the only way to get it to reboot and come back to life is to remove the battery and the power .
this ca n't be good for the computer , and it happens about once a week.also , my programs will randomly stop responding if i leave the computer on too long .
eudora and internet explorer will be missing .exes or files to run , and i 'll have to reboot , and everything will be fine.another trauma i 've had is with the mouse port .
everytime i reboot , if an external mouse is plugged it , the cursor starts moving and clicking in the direction of the upper screen all on its own .
i 've tried half a dozen different mouses , all with the same result .
the only way to avoid the problem is to reboot with the mouse unplugged and then plug it back in afterwards.my final complaint is that the computer will only work with its inherent screen resolution .
it will not put out 1280 x 1024 resolution to my external monitor ( when it is in the docking station ) on a regular basis .
i can change it during a session , but when i reboot ( which is frequently due to the other errors ) , it returns to its native resolution .
this has been an on-going frustration.i will never purchase another fujitsu product .
i 'm going back to dell for now .

-1
i bought this laptop since it had tons of features for a very low price .
however , it 's been nothing but trouble .
the keyboard never worked right ( lots of dropped keystrokes ) so i sent it back and got another unit .
that one also had the keyboard problem and had a line of bad pixels down the center of the screen.additionally , the software the comes with it for managing power settings and profiles is terrible , the speakers are nearly unusable for watching a movie ( distortion and low volume ) , and the included battery started to show drasticly lower life after about a year.i 've had a lot of dells and while they 're not perfect , i 'd buy one of them or a macbook instead at this point .

-1
i purchased a toshiba m45-s331 on feb. 2 at office depot for $ 1299.99 after rebates .
i got it home , and fell in love with it instantly ... until i decided to try out the wireless .
i had my power features set so that when i was on battery it switched to the maximum life mode and when i was on ac it was the maximum performance mode .
i was walking around the house wireless surfing the internet - no problem ... .until i plugged my ac back in .
the machine locked up hard .
no ctrl+alt+del ... no nothing ... .it was froze .
i called it a glitch and cut it off and back on .
i was working on battery , and plugged it up again while surfing the net and it hard locked again .
i assumed i had a bad laptop , so i returned it to office depot on feb 3 .
i took another one home thinking surely that it would n't do this ... .but it did .
i was also able to duplicate the problem on the one on display at office depot .
it seems as long as you do n't have your wireless turned on ... it will do fine going from battery to ac .
as long as you do n't plan on wirelessly surfing the net and plugging up to ac at the same time , it should be a great laptop .
one side note - this was the only toshiba model that had this problem that office depot had on display .
but ... i decided to try my luck with sony so i ordered one today .

-1
i purchased the dv1170us from best buy mid feb 2005 .
after two weeks , the computer started freezing .
after calling techincal support , they transferred me to the product engineers .
come to find out there is an electro-static emmission problem on this model .
when touching the left front speaker , the unit freezes .
the engineers are working to fix this problem .
so far , my laptop has been in two times for this issue .
i would stay away from this laptop for at least 2 months ( thats how long it usually takes to flush out excess inventory from their factor in china ) .
other than this one problem , i think this will be a great product .
you can contact the support engineers directly at 866-671-7359 to get more informatio on this issue .
hope this helps folks considering this laptop .

-1
i bought this laptop because i thought a sony vaio was top quality.
-- i was wrong .
this computer is entirely too heavy to be considered even remotely portable .
it 's slow , noisy , and does n't hold a charge .
my laptop overheats constantly ... i even purchased a `` chill mat '' in hopes of alleviating the problem .
the computer gets so hot , it actually burnt out one of the fans in the chill pad .
also , the computer freezes constantly -- i can hardly get through an essay without having to save and re-boot .
do n't waste your time/money/energy !

-1
i have to chime in on this one .
my pcg-k45 was an unsolicited , and much appreciated , gift .
you get some bang for the buck with this laptop .
and the screen is really nice .
but in many other ways , you can see how you get what you pay for:1 ) the `` mobile pentium '' must be one of the slowest processors for the given clock speed .
my ht 2.4ghz pentium desktop is about as fast .
do n't get fooled into thinking this is some speed demon .
it 's fast , sure .
but it wo n't blow you away if you 're used to other fairly recent computers.2 ) despite the `` speedstep '' technology , in actual use i ca n't get better than about 75 minutes battery life.3 ) it weighs over eight pounds , and because of the short battery life , you 'll end up carrying the brick-sized ac adapter with you , which weighs almost 2 lbs .
ten lbs .
is more `` luggable '' than `` portable .
`` 4 ) the trackpad is not as nice as most others i 've used .
a little small , and too-sensitive sometimes , not sensitive enough other times .
i ca n't get the settings right and mostly use a mouse instead.5 ) the video uses `` shared '' ( i.e.
, `` stolen '' ) ram , meaning your 512mb is really 448mb , or 384mb if you go to 128mb vram like others have suggested.6 ) the case is made of a plastic that feels flimsy and scratches easily.7 ) the firewire port is the irritating smaller s400 , so you 'll probably need a special cable .
this thing is huge , there 's plenty of room for a regular port -- i do n't get it .
bad design , i guess.8 ) all the usb ports are on the same side ( the left ) of the case , so you 'll end up snaking some cables all the way around .
a mess.9 ) when will sony just get over their memory stick fixation ?
again , it 's the money : i suppose this helps them sell cameras to people with sony computers , and vice-versa , but lock-in is bad for customers .
just stop.you get the idea .
it might make a good desktop replacement , in some cases , but its weight , lack of durability , and lack of battery life mean it 's really not a portable .

-1
i read the comment about the fan noise this computer has , but i did n't care and bought this computer anyway .
i just got this laptop today and the first thing i noticed is how ridiculously loud the fan is .
i have a dell laptop , but i ca n't hear the fan on my dell 's even when i press my ear against it .
i called sony 's service center , they told me that alot of customers have called them complaining about the fan problem and a investigation is underway , but i am so pissed off right now because this product has a blatantly defective fan and sony has failed to pull it out of the market.honestly , the fan makes so much noise that this computer is not even worth buying .

-1
hard drive can burn if left pc left on for long periods , as in most laptops , but this model runs very hot.it is worth no more than $ 500 due to being an old model.have had one for the past 2 1/2 years .
get a newer model

-1
this laptop is compact and stylish but not much else .
beware of the wireless ability especially .
it contains an ralink rt2500 internal 801.11b/g card .
places in my house where my old dell laptop got excellent or good reception , this one got poor or bad .
where my old dell got poor , i could not get on my wireless network at all .
i ended up returning it for a centrino laptop , which have much better intel wireless cards .

-1
i read a favorable review on this item at pc magazine .
i checked the website and saw that it was listed as compatible with the dell latitude 600 series .
i have dell latitude 610 so i went ahead and bought it .
the upb80 only delivered an extra 2 hours of battery life .
i called apc and got a human being on the phone who quickly figured out that the d610 does not work with the upb80 , but the d600 does .
i think their website should have been a little clearer .
while the product did n't meet my needs , the quality of the battery , user manual and tech support was very good.i bought the unit online from compusa , but returned it to a compusa store and they took it back and even reimbursed the shipping .
i 'll definitely buy from them again.i ended up buying a battery from batterygeek , the bg 15-21-130 and it works great .
i was able to work on my computer during the entire flight back from germany to the usa .

-1
the model i got is an older model running at 867mz not 1.67 gz , which is too slow and the max ram is 1 gb .
i think the model advertised at 1.67gz would have been ok. with the ram at a slow pc133 , this computer just barely gets the job done .
it is too slow for youtube .
the optical drive is cdrw-dvdrom combo not a super drive .
it was listed it as not fully functioning , to be repaired or used for parts , otherwise i would rate it at even less .
had to spend $ 12 bucks to upgrade the ram with a 525 mb stick .
it now runs , but along with the 10.4 os it is limited to what it does .
the screen is fair with decent contrast , it 's only good point .
if i had known that it was this older model , i would not have ordered it .

-1
i am an it consultant .
i was looking for a very good reliable laptop .
i purchased my 4030 for 1290 when dells sold at 799 with better features.problems : its slow !
my inspirion same processor etc .
is faster by a long shot.the mousepad stops responding constantly !
it apparently happens to many hp ; s google it.order it with broadcom wireless .
intel wireless solution drops connection .
it reconnects fast but it happens regularly.the o key on my keyboard sticks.the screen blinks into a bios type mode ( i.e .
when video software is corrupt ) i have tried everything it still happens , waiting fo video card to go : ( thats my 2 sense , i would look a little farther if i were to purchase again .
i have owned it for 6 months.good luck

-1
i 've been using my fan for more than a month now .
the usb ports went out the first week , but it was overloading my laptop usb port anyway .
i think this unit should include a separate power supply to handle the load .
i purchased this to remedy a terrible overheating problem with my dell latitude .
it 's doing a super job of keeping my laptop cool , so i 've reconciled myself to living with the very noticeable hum coming from under my computer .
i would have returned this within the first week if i did n't need the cooling capabilities of this fan so badly .

-1
i have this computer at work - and in the two years we have used it , the motherboard has gone out , as well as the hard drive .
luckily , it was still under warranty both times we 've had to repair it , but i would be nervous to purchase one as a personal computer at home .

-1
not worth buying .
i had this thing for about a little over a year , and it burned out.to begin the list of problems i had with it , the ac adapter was always loose , and the battery power goes out quickly .
because it was loose all the time , i spent more effort , time , and money than was worth , recharging the battery , trying other ac adapters on it , and taping it.it overheats quickly .
after a few minutes , there would be a little burn on my fingers when i touched the touchpad .
i even brought one of those targus cooling pads , but it used up my battery power , and the ac adapter was too loose to recharge it unless you held it in place the whole time.the cd/dvd player did not always work .
it took me a thousand tries to install programs from some cds or to watch certain dvds and vcds before it finally worked .
i say certain because some worked and some didn't.sometimes my averatec notebook would freeze on me .
one time when it froze on me , i could n't turn it off after i pulled the plug .
an icon on the desktop that tells me if it is charging stayed on even when i pulled off the ac adapter.the exterior smudges easily after i carried it in my backpack , and even a little touch on the screen would leave a mark .
these smudges were impossible to get rid of , and i also noticed some of the paint from the spacebar was left on the screen after i carried it around too long.finally , i tried to have it fixed , but it just kept turning off , even when i borrowed an ac adapter that stayed on long enough to charge.averatec is definately not recommended .

-1
i hoped for a lot more from this laptop .
it looks decent on paper but it 's a very poor performing machine .
it is so fragile i am afraid to pick it up .
it performs all the basics like surfing and basic apps but ca n't run too many processes at the same time .
the video and audio quality are poor .
it came with no recovery disks or instructions .
i ca n't get a decent wireless signal no matter how close i get .
the plastic case scratches easily .
maybe for $ 500 i would give it 3 stars .
i am returning it before the 2 week trial period expires .

-1
short and sweet .
out of the box on day one .
dead cpu fan on day three .
back to the store on day four.poor quality !
neat little machine , but poor quality.p.s.. the dvd drive sounds like a tecumseh lawn mowing engine running w/o a muffler .

-1
i see from the reviews here that one or two persons do not have a problem with the heat on the right side of the machine .
you must have gotten the two machines in the world that do not have the heat problem , so consider yourselves lucky .
i read the amazon reviews , but thought `` how hot can it really be ? ''
well , the answer is `` too hot .
`` i purchased mine july 15 and plan to return it .
i 've used it on a flat surface so the vents have full access to air .
when typing and resting my hand on the machine , my hand can feel the heat from the right side .
it is warmer than any machine i 've had ( about 10 ) .
i could get used to it i suspect -- especially on those cold winter days !
however , the underside of the machine is extremely and unacceptably hot .
it is much too hot to place on my lap .
i can only imagine how hot it becomes if used on a bed or some other way that reduces air flow.so , traveling with it seems to be out of the question .
i like it otherwise , especially because i got such a good deal on it .
but , i 'm forced to take it back.in short , i would n't buy it unless you plan on never putting it on your lap and you plan to use a usb keyboard with it .
i 'm going to try a toshiba or acer instead.update : i exchanged it for the earlier vaio model s360 and the heat is not nearly as bad .
the only big thing i had to sacrifice in the exchange was the dvd burner ; the s360 only has a player .

-1
i just bought my s460 last week .
i thought it got rather warm , but never realized how hot it got until today .
i was wearing shorts with my computer resting on my thighs .
after a few minutes , it was very uncomfortable .
when i moved my computer , i noticed that where bare skin had been touching the computer , it was bright red .
i decided to take my computer 's temp .
using am infrared thermometer , the lower right side of the s460 was 109.6 degrees .
that 's hot.i have yet to decide if i can live with this .

-1
just paid $ 40 for the recovery cd that should have come in the box .
come on , no user makes the recovery cd .
ever .
computer companies need to create the recovery cd .
put it in the box .
print a manual .
put it in the box .
the e-machine in the corner of the office came w/ a recovery cd .
an e-machine .
thats a $ 400 dollar computer people .
this vaio is $ 1000 machine .
no recovery cd .
but thats enough complaining .
this vaio machine is very nice looking an the hardware is very nice.hard drive can be removed easily for upgrade , etc .
screen is excellent .
very thin but does not seem fragile .
if you touch type , the area in front of the keyboard is a handy wristrest .
keyboard - eh , its a laptop keyboard .
`` b '' key seems to be damaged .
sony 's `` download taxi '' is a decent way to get updates .
only occasional issues w/ wireless dropping connection .
not a major issue .
sound isnt loud enough for me .
it comes with xp home .
should come with xp pro , upgrade it if you buy it .
it is a fast laptop when set to `` performance `` settings .
turned off the powersave mode on the wireless .
personally i would not buy sony or toshiba .
if you have this kind of money buy an ibm .
inmho , of course .
the vaio 's price should come down soon and you may be able to pick it up cheap .
not a must buy but - try it at the store & you may like it .

-1
positives : - incredible screennegatives : - horrible battery life ( due to incredible screen ) - often not compatible with itunes ( call sony if you do n't believe me ) .
when i installed it , shut down would lag for more than ten minutes .
sony explained it as common problem among users due to software incompatibility and recommended that i not install itunes .
you have no idea what it 's like to have a near $ 3,000 computer that does n't work with my ipod.- highly , highly overpriced .
can get much better deal and computer with hp- enormous power adapter ( about as heavy as the laptop itself , you really need to see this beast to believe it ) - computer vibrates when cd/dvd inserted into drive- problems with printing ( again , sony has no idea what is wrong ) - worst $ 3,000 i 've ever spent in my life .
i was so much better off when i stuck with hp 's .
this is junk , do not buy !

-1
the computer would not turn on even with a new battery and everything else .
i was not happy with it !

-1
i have had this computer for almost a year and its falling apart ... at first you will love it ... but it broke and i cant shut it , its sooo slow and ads constantly come up it is prone to viruses .
it used to be perfect but lately it has been awful

-1
the display is beautiful !
the speed is fast .
the wireless is flawless.and it heats up when gaming and shuts off !
often .
the cooling fans are : one on the right side ( right where you 'd have your trackball/mouse , and two on the bottom of the machine .
`` do not block the fans '' they say .
well , um , i do n't possess the skills to levitate the machine off a flat surface , so that 's out .
i bought some fancy laptop cooler thing to set the machine on .
it does not help.after a few months of owning this laptop , this problem seems to be getting worse .
the only thing i could do to stop the overheating was to buy a small 6 inch fan with a clamp on it , clamp it to my desk , and point it directly at the rear of the laptop.this is poorly designed in my opinion .
from reading other reviews around the world , i understand this model has been discontinued , toshiba customer service is an abomination , and the speakers are made of metal and there is a shock/reboot problem on some machines .
0_oand if that is not enough for ya , it periodically boots with the sound disabled .
only way to get it working again is to unplug the power , take out the battery , and hold the power button for one minute .
fun !
oh yeah , and no internal mic.avoid .

-1
i have owned this model for about 6 months now , and it has been nothing but problems .
after about 2 months , the computer would randomly freeze and bright vertical lines would show up on the screen .
it did this probably once every week .
slowly , the problem got worse , to the point where it would freeze at least once a day .
( note : i have years of experience working with computers as a hardware guy for several companies ... never have i had this many problems with a computer ) .when i contacted the company , they said i could ship it back to them at my expense , at it would take 3 to 4 weeks to get it back .
considering companies like dell or toshiba can fix their computers in under a week , this is wayyyy too long.overall , the computer feels a little flimsy .
it is light , and the screen is amazing , but if it does n't work then none of that matters .

-1
since i bought this laptop , i have had the blue screen of death over and over again .
at first it was only when the kids played a game like the sims and then was only when it got too warm ( or so it seemed ) .
i took the battery out completely to see if that helped .
it finally got so bad , i just ca n't even turn it on any more .
i have made no hardware changes , i have downloaded all the recommended updates from toshiba .
i finally decided it must be software related , so i used the `` recovery cd 's '' that came with the unit .
what a joke that turned out to be !
not only is it totally not recovered - it is worse .
it just gets a blue screen every time it boots up and then of course auto reboots itself ( over and over and over ) never fixing anything .
it even tries to do chkdsk on its own and finds tons of errors to correct , but still nothing fixed .
moral of the story - do n't think just because you are spending a ton of $ $ gets you the best .
i would never buy a toshiba laptop again .
a macbook is looking better and better !

-1
after a lifelong predilection for toshiba sattelite notebook , i decided to make the switch.i figured for $ 1000 , i would get enough for internet , word processing and dvd playing and do the rest on my desktop pc.was i ever wrong.the internet is ok. fonts are displayed very poorly with quite a bit of washout.word processing is very , very slow - frequently the displayed words lag behind my typing - very annoying.dvd playing is good and the battery life is impressive.you are stuck with itunes for music , although i was able to finally find a utility to let me play music without creating a playlist and manually sorting it , but all the millions of itune lovers will probably disagree.the absolute worst part of the machine is how slow it is .
the operating system is constantly optimizing the disc without giving that process a lower priority then anything you need to do - as a result a simple close an active window can take up to a few minutes .
the machine is doing disc writes as i am typing this - why ?
overall impression : reliable mac software .
completely inadequate hardware.my recommendation : avoid this one like the plague and spend money on a much more expensive mac notebook .
me , i am going back to toshiba as soon as my ibook dies or gets thrown out of my window on 23rd floor .

-1
wow , ok , ,well , i bought this 15 months ago at the then high price .
had i gotten it for close to $ 1000 , i might not be so bitter..while in warranty , the power supply failed .
that 's when i learned that there was no local repair facility .
i was , however mailed a replacement part , so that worked out .
then the regular warranty ran out and things began happening fast ... yes , i did buy the extended warranty through mac cam , but that turned out to be not all i hoped for .
to begin with , i had to pay around $ 55 for shipping .
ok , i thought , at least i 'll get back a smooth working laptop again and be back in business ... no so .
i had the little piece of plastic that keeps the things closed break off first .
plastic .
planned obsolescence .
you know , dont you , that you cant glue or repair a plastic part , not to mention plastic is cheap and prone to breakage in the first place ... .
well , that was just the beginning ... i had two out of four usb ports non-functional .
and the mouse pad was unresponsive at times .
oh , then there was the thing about the typing .
i would be breezing along and look up and my email had been sent in the middle of the message .
or it would just start typing in the middle of the text at random places .
can you hear me screaming ?
drove me crazy !
oh , and then when the tech guy tried duplicating the problem typing at his snail 's pace , it would , of course , behave perfectly.. ok , so there was have three problems , and two of them got fixed .
i got my laptop back after being without for over two months , and at first it worked ok..a week into it , i started getting all these error messages , failure to write or some such thing , saying probably caused by hardware failure..well , this got worse and worse until it stopped responding altogether .
it is not back at the repair facility getting a new hard drive , and oh , forgot , the port where you plug in the power supply was loose so a new whole bottom had to be ordered.. the tech guy then calls me and asks me to please sent the restore disks so he can reinstall everything on the new hard drive..ok , so i quick put in the mail priority mail , and a week later , it is gone .
no trace of it .
so i called `` customer service '' today , and what a nightmare .
i was finally told after a half hour of repeating myself and my request over and over that another restore disc could be had for free..just had to pay the shipping of $ 39.00 !
huh ?
how is that free to charge me $ 35.00 more than priority mail would have cost to send it ?
and so my story ends ... lousy customer service , cheaply made machine that literally , for me al least , fell apart .
and did i mention one of my main reasons for selecting this model was because it had a tv built in , or so it said.. great , so i got it and then discovered it had to be hooked up by some wire acting as an antennae , i presume to another tv to work..huh ?
to sum it up , it 's a nice machine as long as you dont need service and as long as nothing falls off it .
good luck to those who own one .
to those considering one , i would recommend anything else ...

-1
alright , i know a bunch of microsoft obsessors are going to send me a bunch of hate mail and death threats for this , but give me a break , i 'm writing what i 've experienced with this surprisingly flawed piece of equipment .
my dad bought this for our whole family for xmas after getting rid of our tired out , 8-year-old apple computer ( apple rocks , i 'm just saying the comoputer was starting to act up after all those years ) .
for a few days , it worked quite well , and i thought all those days of our computer randomly freezing up and shutting down were over .
one time , it said the signal waas lost , so i went down to the computer icon to repair it .
it took 2 tries but the signal came back.after about 2 or 3 weeks , the computer started doing a bunch of rediculous antics .
i.e .
taking a good 5 minutes to load a screen , the keys working different jobs ( like you could n't imagine ) , the computer not shutting down properly ( now , i just hold the off button down ) .
and if that was n't bad enough , going down to the computer icon and clicking repair would n't help , and my dad had to call the microsoft to guide him through repairing the signal .
the next day , the signal was lost ( sigh ) .
my dad told me that he 's never had this many problems with a single computer in the last 20 years.i really do n't reccomend this computer to anyone .
it 's horribly flawed and whoever made it needs to take engineering classes .
do n't waste your money on this computer ... .
gee ... i sure do miss my mom 's old apple computer .

-1
with less than a month with this product , i already have problems .
do n't get it .
hp did n't even send an operating system disc .
i got problems with this product ... ..

-1
the quality of tech support is not good.very slow ... there is not support really after 2 years - the charge you a lot of money.i just bought a dell - its much better .

-1
this portable runs very , very hot underneath ( there are two warning stickers ) .
within a few minutes of booting , it is uncomfortably hot on the bottom side.it is slow.the screen is just very average.the keyboard is ok ... typically cramped.the usb ports are , unfortunately , on the back ... as are other connections.relative to my other portable ( at 4 pounds ) this is just not sufficiently lighter to convince one of the inconvenience of not having the cd rom etc.i am sending this back .

-1
i 'm not sure what 's up at apple but they have slipped up on qc for their new 15.2 '' powerbooks .
i 'm now packing up the second replacement for return to amazon .
and am going to have to wait another three weeks for what i suspect is another defective 15 . ''
the first arrived with a partially defective hard drive .
the second had a dead battery that refused to charge ( apple is sending out another ) .
but what instigated the return is that i can not get the ethernet cable to detach from the computer .
( i 've got a phd in bioinformatics and have rigged my house with custom cat 5 ethernet cable so i pretty sure i 'm doing the obvious ) .
what 's up apple ?
your operating system is awesome but your qc seems quite poor .
any chance you 'll allow us to install tiger on a t43 thinkpad ?
on a second note , i have seen the horizontal lines but for both machines it 's not been a big issue .

-1
sadly , i have to add my voice to other customers who have received a defective powerbook .
apple puts incredible thought and sophistication into design and form factors , but judging by my experience and what others have posted , something has gone wrong with their qc.when i opened apple 's beautiful packaging , i found that the finish on the laptop 's lid suffered from several small imperfections ( the aluminum was pitted in one spot and in another place had an uneven , almost scratched look.this was annoying , to say the least .
but i decided i 'd overlook these small flaws , as they were purely cosmetic .
what i could n't overlook was that the battery would n't charge !
others in this forum have noted that their new machine came with a dead battery and flawed screens .
my screen was gorgeous , with no dead pixels or other flaws .
but the combination of the flawed lid and dead battery was too much for a $ 2,000 purchase , so i 'm ( sadly ) returning the powerbook to amazon .

-1
i returned my first new 15 '' powerbook ( m9969ll/a ) within three weeks because the battery literally only ran for 10 minutes on a full charge at that point .
now the second unit is only 3 days old and i 'm only seeing a 1-hour battery life on a full charge !
i 'm obviously hoping ( like others ) that apple will address this issue , because other than the battery problem i love this laptop .
my 2-year old thinkpad t42 still runs 2-3 hours on a full charge with full screen-brightness and no battery saving features turned on .
i have not experienced any problems with the screen like other users .

-1
my husband bought me the sony vaio fs742w for christmas .
i have been so disappointed.good points : great screen !
!
the picture quality is amazing !
!
bad points : there must be something wrong with the operating system .
i am running windows xp home .
from the time i opened the box , this computer has had trouble managing the updates .
for instance , java would like to download updates , but my operating system freezes everytime in mid installation.also , i bought the windows fun pack with the extra games and screen savers , etc .
wo n't install ... soooo frustrating !
!
any other game that i have bought i have had to uninstall and do a system restore ... no fun !
!
i do n't know if it is the computer design or the operating system , but this computer has been trouble since the beginning !
!
when i called customer service , their only advice was for me to reinstall the operating system .
hmmmm ... thanks for the help..not !

-1
unfortunately , the port replicator was purchased for its dvi output , yet the port replicator does not work .
when returned to sony , they advised the current chipset in the sony model does not support dvi .
i bought the sony specifically for the availability of the dvi output on the port replicator

-1
i bought the s-series because it 's the lightest notebook with a 13 '' screen .
the dvd/cd drive is detachable , which reduces the weight even more if you need to carry it around.however , the screen went down after two years .
the screen was dim and i could hardly see my desktop .
i called fujitsu 's service department .
they told me i can either take it to a fujitsu authorized repair shop or mail it to the service department .
since the repair shop is close to my place , i chose to take it to the repair shop .
not only did n't they fix my screen , they also broke my hard drive .
i could n't boot up my notebook !
!
!
!
i asked the shop to fix the hard drive so i could get my notebook back in its original condition when i left it with them .
the shop said they would only fix my hard drive for free if i paid them $ 500 to fix the screen .
i called fujitsu and fujitsu told me they have nothing to do with the repair shop !
!
!
fujitsu also said it was my responsibility to prove that the repair shop broke my hard drive even though i demonstrated to the repair guy that the computer was booted up properly as seen on the dim screen when i first dropped it off.i decided not to fix anything because i did not trust fujitsu or the repair shop .
the hard drive was eventually fixed at the expense of loosing all my data .
my screen problem still exists but it 's intermittent.i would expect the life of the screen is more than two years and better customer support for a $ 1700 computer .
i would never buy any fujitsu computer again .

-1
i like this machine , i really do .
it 's a fairly stout performer , it looks good , it offers snappy performance and good expandability .
the size is nice , as is the weight .
the built-in wireless performs quite well .
the screen is killer.there are , however , some problems.the case is n't strong enough .
it flexes when handled , and if picked up in the wrong areas , the optical drive will open .
it makes creaking noises when the lid is opened .
there is a hairline crack forming near one of the hinges .
one of the rubber feet fell off , and hp ca n't get me a replacement .
the scroll `` wheel '' feature on the trackpad is slow , and is n't supported by most of my softwhere - though my external mouse wheel works with everything.it 's a good laptop , with money going to a good cause , but it 's really not sturdy enough .
i wanted five years out of it , like my old sony and apple .
i do n't think this laptop is built for that .
i suggest this laptop only if it will be moved about rarely , and will not see many open/close operations of the lid .

-1
i believe in dedicated video memory .
this machine belongs to my brother and as a computer techie , i got to support it for him for i 'm guessing four years now .
he has been using it with a wired network as a desktop replacement .
no problems except the wired network adapter failed after all this time .
i went to switch to the wireless network and it does n't work .
research shows it is supposed to have a wifi adapter built it , but the on-off switch does nothing and there is not `` on '' light as depicted in the manual .
so either that is broken , or else he got screwed buying a machine that does n't have a wifi adapter like the labels say , or else it never worked.i gave it two stars for the lack of dedicated video memory and the networking problems .
i 'll update this review later after i take the machine apart .

-1
i have had mine for a year and in that year , i have had to replace the hard drive , the card reader went out and the fan is so noisy.sent it back to hp for repair and the card reader still does n't work , the fan is as noisy as ever.i have enjoyed the computer , but it should not fall apart so soon .
sorry , no more compaq 's , it 's apple from now on .

-1
i have owned a toshiba m45-s359 for one month .
there are two major problems .
in the first week , i noticed the usb ports would stop working if the computer went into sleep mode .
because this is my business machine , i disabled sleep mode and continued using the computer .
one month later , the mouse touchpad has failed .
i believe the problem occurs when the computer reaches a certain temperature .
i contacted toshiba for a replacement .
they refused .
the computer is one month old an under warranty.i am an attorney and thinking about filing a class action on behalf of m45-s359 owners .
if you have similar problems , please email me at m45s359complaints @ hotmail.com .
please provide you name , address , phone , date of purchase , and problem .

-1
i purchased this machiene from a large chain store about a week ago .
i was thoughly impressed and completely satisfied with the fj170 black .
but about 3 days after i purchased it i noticed a white streak across the screen , that had n't been there before .
i could n't make it go away so i ended up taking it back to the store .
we decided that it must have been some sort of weird screen burn in , that was rare becuase lcd 's are not suppose to burn in .
you could only see it on lighter backgrounds , like grey or light blue .
anyways , i ended up getting another one and taking that home.i really was n't expeting it to do it again , sony is quality in my book ( i have had a v505 for over 2 years , it is the only laptop that i have found that can stand up to my use ! )
so i went along normally using the fj170 when i noticed another streak durring start up .
i really did n't want to believe it as i really loved the laptop , but again , when i changed out the vaio wallpaper on my desktop you could see the burning in of the white parts of the image .
you could see the vaio logo that was burned in !
i ended up taking this last on back and did not get another one , as i did n't want to go through it again .
the only thing i can think that is casuing the problem is this new xbrite-eco screen ( the s series seems to be just xbrite ) , since i , nor anyone else i talk to has ever heard of a laptop lcd burning in .
just be aware that this could happen to you .

-1
we purchased two of these computers and they are both the same .
the keyboards are very hard to use .
you have to hold the fingers almost 90 degrees to get the keys to work .
i end up typing a message and then have to go through and fill in all the letters that the keyboard did not type .
i sent mine back and got a fujitsu it is great

-1
this thing gets really hot ( around 80c ) playing movies and games .
now , this is limited to pure work - not a good choice for all around computing .

-1
those three problems are my complaints of this product .
and it 's quite likely that i will never purchase an apple laptop again after over 20 years of `` apple only / mac addict / cult of mac '' .
i realized apple really is a cult of sorts and few of its products are worth even half their cost.specically of this product it was just heinously expensive .
people immersed in apple culture forget that 2 grand for a laptop is absurd .
you could get the most cutting-edge top of the line desktop pc for the same amount.the screen .
i do work with laptop resting up on knees while laying in bed at times , this screen clumsily does n't stay up and collapse forward sometimes causing you to have to prop it up !
finally , i lugged this behemoth piece of rubbish to two continents and it was basically a 6 pound brick i carried in my bags because of such short battery life and heavy physical weight.the cpu performance is okay , but i 'm not interested in apple os anymore.that anti-apple rant said , i do think their music products ( like the shuffle and ipod touch ) are very practically priced and lightweight and do n't suffer from these problems ( although the app store is too insular ) .
the ipad seems like a clunky-overpriced piece of rubbish as well .
so basically , i 'm only likely buying apple music hardware products if any apple products from now on .
i realized what i was paying for was `` cult membership '' , something i that does n't interest me.but that 's a bit of a tirade , the main issues were insanely over-priced , collapsing screen , physically heavy , and dismal battery life .
i do not recommend this product unless you keep it on a desk and never travel with it , but then why spend money on a laptop ?
this clunky piece of junk 's software operates fine but if it 's a massive burden on the pocketbook and travel 's back , causing weight and battery and screen hassles , it 's definitely not worth it and not a likeable product at all .

-1
i bought the macbook pro 2.2ghz in may 2008 with 1600 $ .
i was very excited.usually , laptop performed very well and i enjoyed the mac os x ( i work in it for 9 years with windows95-windows7/2003server-whatever , linux and now.. mac os ) .
however : problems i had in these 3 years : - battery broke : one year max .
; i said , ok , this is normal for all laptops what can i expect , no problem ; then i looked at the price for a new battery and i said 'mehhh .. a bit much ' and never bought it.- from time to time after 1.5 years max.
, i got grey screens and the screen would n't come up ; i needed to try and reboot the laptop multiple times.- overheated when i put an windows 7 dual boot at some time and found out it 's a bootcamp driver issue for the fans or something like it ; the fans were not spinning at max speed in windows 7 but only up to 3000-3500rpm ( instead of 6000rpm in mac os x ) ; i deleted the windows 7 and put vmware with windows 7 in mac os x and ... was ok with it.- after 2 years , i could n't see anything on the screen no matter how many times i tried to boot-up .
i took it to an authorized apple dealer in my country to look at it and i payed around 80 euros for investigation- they said maybe the nvidia chipset problem but after further investigation they said it something wrong with the logic board actually but they managed to make it work but they wo n't guarantee it will last for long ; they offered 3 months of warranty ; it cost me an additional 50euros for this.- after exactly 3 years , again the same problem , but i moved to different country still in europe ( belgium ) ; they told me the investigation costs 85euros and i payed ; after 5 days they made a report : logic board faulty , total costs 1287 euros !
!
!
!
now , i ask you , any smart guy out there , who the hell will pay for this ?
and why should i buy ever again a mac ?
so many problems , so expensive repair ?
?
this is outrageous.. and this was it for me : i 'll switch to a normal dell/hp/whatever laptop instead .
not to mention , that i think this is very well calculated : instead of repairing , buy a new laptop - forced.in conclusion:1 ) it really does n't matter what to buy because all the components are the same , china made and eventually after max 2-3 years will brake .
this is our world today .
just buy a regular laptop with +++ years of warranty if possible and that 's the best option.2 ) if you have money to spend , go for it.sincerely , a former customer.ps > i also have an iphone 4 and wanted to buy macbook air because i saw the new technology in it , but after this ... i quit the idea ; it does n't worth it .

-1
we 've gone through two of these , and both have had significant problems .
in addition to the oft-cited heat issues , the machines occasionally hang .
often , they do n't come out of sleep properly , requiring a hard reset.it 's pretty clear at this point that apple really rushed these initial intel-based laptops to get them on the market .
it 's probaly best to wait until the next generation ones come out either later this year or early next .
for one , the next gen models will use the core 2 processors , which are phenomenal and will reduce power consumption while giving an almost 100 % boost to speed .
second , more applications will have been ported to the intel architecture by then.unless you absolutely have to have an intel mac now , i 'd recommend waiting for the second generation laptops .

-1
to start with , i was thrilled to try this new computer out ( got it at work , so thankfully i did n't spend a dime of my money on it ) .
to begin with , the battery life is abysmal .
it begins operating at 1/2 power within a half hour and then after about an hour of looking at the rapidly dimming screen , it 's pretty much lights out .
lets just say , this can be frustrating when trying to finish a report or some other project on the road.the computer does look good and when i first got it , was taken aback by how light and sleek it looks .
however , the look is overshadowed by the performance.my newest problems began when i began copying songs from cds for my ipod .
after awhile , the computer mysteriously began shutting down - and after troublshooting for awhile i discovered the only way to get it to reboot was to remove the battery pack and then put it back on ( ?
? )
after going through all that , i discovered the usb ports no longer work .
i went to the device driver ( where the computer is supposed to detect parts that are n't working to reset them ) and of course , the computer kept telling me that all devices were fine .
meanwhile , i was getting little warnings telling me that the usb ports were not working.i 'm a pretty advanced computer user and have used a dozen or so different computers over the past 12 or so years , and i have to say , this is one of the worst .
when i get back to work , i 'll see if they have any suggestions , but for now , i 'm not even going to take it out of the bag .
too many problems for this new of a computer .

-1
i purchased an acer aspire 5000 series about 6 months ago , worked fine until recently , it crashed !
and 2 times no less !
had to reinstall harddrive to origional and lost all my data .
plus im getting a distorting line across my screen which goes away when i reposition the screen ( loose connection or something ) ..top shell of notebook very soft and flimsy.not well made , going to send back.these italians should stick to making cars ...

-1
this is quite an old machine now ( i got mine in 2005 ) but perhaps worth an updated review for anyone thinking of buying second-hand.do n't .
they 're falling to bits by now.i chose mine for the unmatched combination of features ( card reader and pcmcia slot , dvd-ram drive , bluetooth , wireless , and multiple-external monitor connections , all in one 64-bit machine ) .
and when it arrived , it seemed excellent : very fast and nice to use .
the only downer was a fat-32 hard disc format .
upgrading to ntfs is n't as good as a fresh install but that 's not strictly possible since acer do n't supply real windows discs , just a recovery disc.the faults started rapidly : first the trackpad left button gave up , and acer refused to help .
their service was awful .
so although i can tap on the trackpad itself to left-click , i have to connect a mouse for things like dragging.later on , the digital video out gave up , so i ca n't use a high-quality external screen .
that was a real pain , but lately it 's been the death of the machine because one of the bulbs in the built-in screen is overheating caused black stains to develop from the corner each time it 's used , and then it 's also flickering and going off altogether whenever hot anyway .
leaving a vga analogue external screen , which is n't properly detected , as the only - blurry - option.also , it 's been getting hotter and hotter as the years have gone by and is now actually hazardous to have on your lap .
i have gently cleaned the fan 's output vent but this did n't help .
it 's mostly the graphics chip that seems to overheat , rather than the processor , but it may be a combination.i upgraded the ram ages ago from 1gb of 333mhz to 2gb of 400mhz , which the motherboard supports .
but there was no discernible increase in performance , so i 'd recommend not bothering !
finally , acer have never updated the drivers on their ( sloooow ) website except for the modem .
the sound driver caused some issues so i had to find my own .
the wifi driver ca n't see uk channels 12 & 13 , but updated broadcomm drivers lose the flash-on-activity feature of the front button .
the vga driver is now missing altogether from acer 's site which is a disaster since ati stopped offering downloads for 64-bit mobility radeons when amd took over , so there 's no downloadable driver out there at all , officially.so in summary , lots of potential problems and dreadful backup .
additionally , second-hand purchasers beware : there 's no way to recover a bios password if it 's been forgotten .

-1
my gf brought this laptop when it just came out and paid a hefty price .
after several month of use here is my review : goods:1. beautiful , realistic , and very clear screen .
i own a hp laptop and i have to admit that sony 's screen is clearer , more realistic , and easier on the eyes .
the light is `` natural '' and it 's simple a wonderful lcd screen.2 .
design .
the color combination is very pleasing and the silver vaio logo is modern and elegant .
my hp is the typical all black laptop ; it 's ugly compare to sony.bads ... ..1 .
horrible battery life ... .
this is a 4 cell battary.. which means the laptop needs to be recharged every 2 hours or so .
this is simply unacceptable .
my hp 's battery can last over 6 hours ( it 's a 6 cell ) with this price level , sony should throw in a 6 cell battery .
simply put , you ca n't even finish a movie on airplain with this laptop.2 .
replacement battery is very very expensive .
it runs around 150 bux.3 .
the laptops runs hot .
my hp laptop , after using it for a whole day is only warm .
on the other hand the sony laptop is burning after about 2 hours of use .
i ca n't even put it on my laps without using a thick book to insolate the heat after about a hour of use.4 .
very limited transfer , communication ability .
the sony laptop has no infared port , no sd , sc , cm or other flash memory card slots .
it only accept ms cards .
i found the lack of infared port troubling since i am so used to `` beam '' files at work .
with sony , it 's a no no.5 .
no s-video output ... i simply hate this .
with all my other computers , they all have s-video output .
and i love to play some music files i downloaded from internet on tv .
but i ca n't do it on sony coz it does n't have a s-video port.6 .
flaky wireless connection .
everytime the computer goes to standby , i will have a hard time turn back the wireless connection back on .
this never happened on my hp and my old dell .
everything just connected automatically.bottom line ... .
it 's a pretty laptop to look at.. but i believe the bads out weigh the goods .

-1
i bought a toshiba a105-s101 from best buy with an additional 256 mb of memory for $ 499 in feb ` 06 .
at the time i thought it was a steal .
in retrospect , i should have left it at the store.i bought this computer to use as a jukebox .
while it performs adequately at most tasks , the machine fails miserably as a sound reproducer - it induces a garbled distortion that one hears at the end of music and system sounds as well as in quiet musical passages .
though toshiba 's tech support was professional and courteous , they were not able to fix the problem over the phone .
so far , i have had the system board replaced twice , and as i write , it sits at toshiba 's corporate office for `` evaluation '' .
they have had it for two weeks and i have heard no news from them .
they never call back or answer e-mails .
i feel i have wasted $ 500 and a lot of time on the phone and shipping the thing in for repair.the three system boards ( original and two replacements ) have all displayed the same problem , so i ca n't help but conclude that it is a design problem with the model , not a problem with my machine .
yes , i have good ears , and maybe some folks would n't ever notice the problem , but i have four dell machines that sound great with the same music sources ; the last thing i expected was that this new machine from a highly respected manufacturer would have such a fatal flaw.if you are planning to use this machine for music , test it first in the store with headphones before buying.long story short , i gave toshiba a chance to redeem itself through good customer service and they are failing at that , too .
upset ?
you bet !

-1
pros : cheap with a sony badgenice displayplenty of them aroundcons : battery life is woeful !
states : 3.5 - 5hrs really : 2hrs ( at most ! )
packed full of trailware , adware , etc .
wtf ?
toshiba 'starter ' hard-drive is problematic : read : foo-baa'dgets hot , really , really quickly.optical drive is clunky , loud and slow ... .
: ( support ?
what 's that ... : ( verdict : i was really looking forward to this lappy but i 've realised it is not really a sony , i.e , made in japan .
this chinese shocker is a pure revenue-raiser from sony and they should know better than to put their name to this quality of product - too many bean-counters in the top jobs these days i guess .
take my advice : stay away from the onyx model that is made in china !
hate to say it but this thing stinks !

-1
this is a lot of computer for the money .
fast processor , built-in bluetooth , big hard drive , lightscribe ( which is cool ) .having said that ... mine is one week old and already having keyboard problems .
this is a very old story with hp .
i had an hp years ago and the keyboard eventually reached the point where many of the keys would not work .
owners have complained about it for years .
( check the numerous notebook forums . )
calling tech support is useless .
you reach someone in india who speaks little english and can only recite from a script.at $ 1,400+ for this machine , avoid it .
try toshiba , sony or fujitsu .
a few more bucks , but it will have a keyboard that works .
hp has had years to fix this and hasn't.no more hp 's for me .

-1
bought it last week , received it on thursday not working by monday , what a shame , it 's my first viao , the notebook does n't boot up , looks like the hd is defective , called customer service at sony , very rude guy , conclusion : after spending almost 2 thousands in this machine and finding it defective i 'm returning it right away

-1
i started getting random power downs on the new one ... only a month after i got it .
it 's been fine until last week when it started to shut down without any warning .
i was just surfing the net and suddenly the screen went blank .
at first i thought the system went to sleep mode - but actually it was totally dead .
the shutdown happens once or twice daily now , usually right after the system is turned on for the first time .
it is not a ram issue since i tested with other ram and the same thing happened.i called apple support but there seem to be no definite fix yet .
in the mean time , it looks like logic board replacement is the only choice .
currently nothing important can go on this machine because it is unstable .
it 's merely for net surfing .
that is unacceptable.update : it took 2 weeks for the repair to be completed due to out of stock part ( heatsink ) etc .
when the unit finally came back , it was damaged ( nasty scratches on top & bottom ) and it had to go back for another repair to get the external casing replaced .
total repair time was three weeks .
totally unacceptable .

-1
start with the positive : all that garbage you hate about windows machines is gone .
the mac starts up fast and runs relatively flawlessly while in use - no crashing , etc.but , what 's the point of owning a laptop with a dead battery ?
i 've owned this computer for just over 12 months and the battery is dead , kaput , sleeps with the fishes .
tethered to the wall with a power cord , it 's now just a glorified desktop computer .
this rapid battery failure is not unusual , either ; go to the apple store website and check the reviews for the battery that powers the macbook .
this battery is junk.so , the bottom line appears to be this : budget $ 130 every year to buy a new battery.frankly , i 'm inclined to slink back to a windows machine with my next purchase .
i should n't have to pay $ 130 every year to `` renew '' my apple laptop privileges .

-1
my macbook started rsds last friday the 13th after using it for 2 months .
it 's very frustrating to be working on something or reading a web page and all of the sudden the screen goes black .
then you have to restart and it does n't even want to start right away .
i also sometimes get rsd after powering up and logging into my user account and when waking it from sleep .
for the record , i ordered this from another online source , not amazon .
first it took a month to even recieve my macbook .
when i did recieve it , it had a lazy pixel and now has 3 .
then i had trouble with the super drive , it refused to open or eject a cd i put in .
now rsd .
fortunately i procrastinated taking it to the genius bar otherwise i would have been in there 3 times getting it serviced .
making an appointment has not been easy , i 've been trying for 2 days ( i still do n't have one ) , maybe they are getting an over load of macbooks in for service .
i talked to tech support and they said they are aware of the problem and i need to take it in for service .
well they have been made aware because this has been going on for a few months and there are thousands of complaints about rsds and the super drive defects .
there 's even a web site devoted to the rsd problem started by a disgruntled consumer .
if you do a google search on macbook random shut downs , you 'll get tons of links with info and complaints on this .
or go to apple 's support discussions pages .
supposedly the heatsync and logic board need replacement , which may or may not help .
some people in the message boards have complained that they started getting rsds soon after getting the parts replaced .
supposedly the latest production macbooks will have the new parts.i just wanted to post this because i wish i had known this would be a widespread problem before i decided to buy the macbook .
i hope this helps you decide whether or not you should buy a macbook .
i wish i had purchased the pc notebook i was considering instead.added 10/28/06 .
just wanted to follow up and say that apple has just made a firmware update available .
this should help to stop the rsds .
i did the update last night and so far i have not had an rsd today .
keeping my fingers crossed.update 10/21/08 , i still use this mac book .
finally got the thing fixed and was happy with it until , one of my speakers went out right before the warranty expired .
i took it to the genius bar 1 week before the warranty ran out and they fixed it .
only then the fan ran a lot more .
but other than that i have gotten great use of it .

-1
i ordered this unit from amazon as my first mac computer .
the screen is too small , even after increasing the font sizes and zooming in i still had difficulty viewing the screen .
also the touchpad was nearly impossible to use .
i suggest that anyone using this computer purchase a usb mouse to use with it because the pad is terrible.i do not suggest buying this unit as your first apple computer .

-1
la pantalla es demasiado chica .
la bateria de calienta demasiado .
a veces la uso sobre las piernas y realmente quema !
!
!

-1
i get new macbook every 2 years and never had problems with the migration manager .
for me , it is very imortant that i can move all my files to the new mac and in this case i am on day 2 and still can not figure it out ... .even thopugh i am a mac person and i know how to work with it ... .very well.i called apple support but they wore useless .
i got everything they told me to , i did everything they told me to and there is still no way for the the computers to find eachother ... .i called the apple store but i will have to leave both laptops for days in order for them to do it and i can not afford being away from my laptop due to work.i am getting a feeling that soon mac will turn in to the new mcdonalds , it ; s getting too popular and the apple people are getting too cocky these days ... .and without steve jobs ... .anyway , not recomending this product if you want to transfer your files from an old mac

-1
unfortunately i disregarded the comments re the overheating of this specific product .
i have had my pro for going on 3 weeks and i must admit that it has been a disappointment .
apart from overheating it stutters when playing music videos .
this machine is also quite slow , for the spec i truly expected more horsepower !
i believe that a recall will be imminent as this is not too good as a product !
this is my first mac , and if this is the quality of the apple kit - then whats all the hype about ?
back to ubuntu and more suitable hardware for me methinks !

-1
i would advise potential purchasers to wait as long as they can so the bugs in the new macbook can be ironed out .
i purchased a new macbook in late july , and was wowed by its super-fast performace and all the great features that come with tiger .
glossy screen is also excellent.however , after about 8 days it refused to shut down , and went into a hibernation .
i had to leave it for 2 days to exhaust the battery , and then put it on ac power and we were away again .
after that , it ran for 3 days , and then crashed like my old pc .
that was one week ago and it shows no sign of working ever again .
several calls to apple 's support line to puzzled operators have failed to uncover what is going on .
several attempts to restart and reboot the computer have failed , and other than that they have n't been too forthcoming with positive solutions ... because i did n't ring them within 10 days of purchase i can no longer get a replacement , thus will need to be without a laptop for some weeks whilst it is serviced .
this is not good news ... when you read the discussion forums at apple.com , it seems the problem is fairly widespread .
so i do advise waiting a little while before buying , though surely they should have picked up a problem like this in testing ?
a few months wait should see an improved macbook shipping , or do what i should have done , and spend a bit more to get the macbook pro .
proceed with caution for the next little while !

-1
i first started using macs in the late 80 's .
at work i used a mac seii ; a funny box like thing .
in the early 90 's i bought a mac for my home computer , ca n't remember the type ; one with a separate cpu .
both computers and associated software were miles ahead of any of ms dos pc computer i used at work .
practically everything about them felt like apple had a foot in the future and an in depth understanding of what users wanted and how to make it easy .
i was an `` apple-bore '' .
anywhere i worked i advocated that we used apples.in the mid/late 90 's i had to buy a pc , i got a dell laptop , which - i thought - worked adequately .
in late 2006 it died .
i excitedly started reviewing the current apple macs and their spec.s for one i would purchase now i no longer was obliged to have a pc .
following a few trials in apple resellers this ( or its forerunner ) was the one i chose.from the word go it was a disappointment.- the software was nowhere near as superior to pc 's as it had been in the early 90 's in fact the photo management ( iphoto ) is considerably second rate in comparison to the what ever crusty photo management i had on the dell.- the hardware struggled .
multi-tasking is painful ; imagine your gran ' running a marathon with a rucksac on her back and you begin to get the picture of having say more than two applications open .
it has a nice fancy spinning wheel instead of an 'egg-timer ' these days - get used to it !
you are going to see it a lot.- it is not unusual that the curser just freezes or disappears altogether while the processor is 'thinking about some trivial action or other'.- it frequently loses the wireless signal requiring a restart , even though the wireless is fully operational- ical and address book are a poor copy of outlook and unfortunately do not work as well ( i am no lover of microsoft , but you have got to say it how you see it ) .- the 'finder ' is a second rate windows explore functionality that is cumbersome to use and either does n't respond to mouse clicks or is overly sensitive , so when trying to change the name of a document it will open it instead - repeatedly !
- i have also lost count of the number of times during a day when an application spontaneously closes.- after a couple of years the battery power would just deplete ; the status bar could be as high as 50 % but then blank !
nothing - all power gone .
put the power cord in and the power is at 0 % not 50 % .- as the processor is so poor and the finder functionality is so slow it is often hard to tell whether whether upon clicking on the document/application whether it is opening or not ; resulting in either just waiting and nothing happening or losing patience and repeatedly clicking and five ( !
! )
or more documents/applications open.i maybe exaggerating to say that you could cook your breakfast on the bottom of the laptop after it has been on for half an hour or so but not by much .
i can quite believe the stories of macbooks bursting into flames ; it is uncomfortable to have the machine on my lap after a while.the first item to break was the cable .
the contacts in the magnetic input ( a great idea ) just stopped conducting electricity .
ok buy a new one - yep i did and had to practically re-mortgage for this rather ordinary piece of nothing .
the next thing to self-destruct was the hard drive with all of the associated information - no reason , it just died .
not quite so fundamental , ordinary nor simple .
if i had to re-mortgage for the cable imagine what i had to do for the hdd ?
( !
!
! )
of course the repair shop could only replace a 160gb with a 300gb .
now the single mouse button ( a bad idea ) is at best on the blink and will need repairing .
watch-out bank manager .
none of this includes the day to day frustration of frozen software , having to re-boot all the time and the incompatibility with many other pieces of software.apple is without a doubt the sexiest brand in it ; it without doubt has the most cool - whatever that means - interface with some of its os and software ; none of which really helps if the basics do n't work !
apple - by my experience over the last 20 years - has lost its strategic edge over microsoft .
i ca n't help but think that some people just `` buy-into '' the hype around apple and forget to judge it by its merits .
i do wonder what apple would be without ipod ( itunes ) ; probably in a tail-spin with the behemoth microsoft about to eat it up.buying a poor product is one thing but what makes it worse is that i use an ugly ibm thinkpad at work which can do - and does - everything this product can and in most instances does it better.this product is not recommended

-1
i have this laptop and i am not happy ... it cant run internet or even itunes for that matter.it keeps freezing up and i have to keep hitting refresh then that freezes it up.so i try hitting back and that just makes everything go white .
it lags at everything ... i tried typing this twice before and it couldnt keep up with my typing .
i also have to beat the keyboard to get the letters to pick up .
this is my second qosmio .
the first one i go i returned within 3 days cause it kept crashing .
this one hasnt crashed but has froze a billion times , lags , is very heavy , and takes forever to do anything ( like start up !
! )
.
it cant multi-task thats for sure.the screen is very bright though..thats nice i guess .
the sound system is amazing on it ... .other than that ... i hate this thing .
its only 3 years old and i cant stand it.i even got the ram updated to 4 gb ... .guess what ... still lags and sucks !
!
!
and its only registering that i have 3.25 ?
!
!
get an hp .
or a dell .
my 10 year old dell that has 14 gb of memory left doesnt crap up as much as my toshiba .
i am sorry i paid $ 2200 for this thing ... it was supposed to be good to animate with ... haha bull !
if you have itunes and messenger running at the same time be prepared to sit and wait for it to catch up on everything.it also doesnt install programs properly..i usually hve to do it twice cause the first time ... guess what..it freezes !
and toshiba just writes down my complaint ... they dont care to help.it also comes with windows 2002 ... not 2005 as stated !
!
hate hate hate it .
never will i buy a toshiba ... anything !

-1
i loved this laptop when i bought it .
super sleek , really light , great 80gb hdd , built in dvd rw , ran reasonably fast ( for a small processor ) and very nice to look at - many colleagues stopped by to admire itit gave me very good performance and great battery life for the last 10 months .
but now the problem is showing up that other reviewers mention .
the laptop fan has died ( i think ) its shutting down by itself often and has lost critical data thrice this week .
by touch it seems the processor is runing very hot and automatic power management ( acpi ) is slowing it down so much that apps crawl or is shutting the system off completely at random timesi am dreading sending it to sony given the reviews below.so ultimately for such an expensive machine , relaibility has been poor - its nearly unusable now that the slowness and shutdowns have begun .
my fingers are crossed to see what happens next.i 've owned several toshibas , dells , ibm , etc but this one has been the fastest to go completely on the blink

-1
any new notebook on the market must have bluetooth and dvi.unfortunately , this model has only dvi , but no bluetooth !

-1
toshiba has changed the universally used key sizes and/or locations of several of the keys on their 17 '' laptop keyboards ( ie : shift .
/ ; ' up arrow ) .
also added a 2nd forward slash key .
i would not have bought this laptop had i known about this .

-1
i purchased my toshiba at a big box store and was attracted by numerous features .
i have been using this laptop for about 15 months , and during that time the screen has gone bad and i am having issues with the cmos battery not able to keep the proper time and date in the system.due to the cost of replacing the screen , i found it more cost effective to purchase a flat scrren and use an external keyboard.without a doubt , this has been the worse piece of hardware i have purchased over the past 20+ years .

-1
i bought this computer when it first came out .
best buy had a really good deal on it .
the computer works like a charm and i love the amount of hard drive space .
that being said it is not without its flaws , mainly the dvd .
i watched about 2 dvds burned a few movies and used the light scribe .
about a week after purchasing i noticed the dvds i watched started skipping .
also the burn speed was greatly reduced .
i 'm burning dvds at a stunning .5x and cds at a whopping 4x speed at max .
also playing games using the cd/dvd drive is severely slow .
if you need a computer with lots of memory its good , but if you need a light scribe , dvd player/burner , or a cd burner think again .

-1
nice display , no build in microphone.i have it for a week now , and it got stucked twice already while i was installing visual studio 8.im giving it another chance before replacing !

-1
the first thing i noticed was that the laptop did n't come with a windows cd .
i called customer service about this and they informed me that everything i needed was backed up on a 2nd partition on the hard drive.when i buy a computer with a 60 gig hard drive , i expect to have a 60 gig hard drive , not a 40 gig with 20 gigs that i ca n't use because its reserved for backup space .
that 's what the dvd burner is for.one of the ram chips burnt out .
i had to fight with customer service for a while .
the first person i talked to told me to reinstall windows .
since it did n't come with a windows disk , i installed my copy of xp professional .
same problem with a missing page file was happening , so i called up and they informed me that since i installed a different version of windows , it had voided my warrenty and they would not be able to help me .
i fought with them for a while ( 3 days ) and was able to get them to take my laptop , replace the malfunctioning ram and for some reason replace my hard drive .
that took them a month and a half.overall , horrible customer service .
the laptop itself has a few kinks with it , but i think that 's just because i got lucky and got the one screwy one out of the entire batch that was made .
this may not be the case , however , because i have a few friends who also bought averatec laptops , and they 've had to reinstall their drivers for their mouse , sound or usb drives several times .
i 've had to reinstall my touch pad drivers a few times.the keyboard is also a little screwy as far as its demensions go .
the zxcv row is moved over a few milimeters compared to other laptops , and the shift key for the left hand is half sized .
the shift key on the right hand is oversized .
the period key is half the size of a normal letter key .
same goes for the ?
/ key .
there are also two \| keys which leads me to beleive that they could have gotten rid of one in order to make they keyboard have proper dimensions .
if i go onto any other laptops or keyboards now , i get confused.averatec is a screwy little company .
i do n't think i 'll buy from them again .
i 've since replaced the ram in the machine with stuff i know does n't burn out , and i 've upgraded the hard drive to a 160 gig.as far as good stuff goes , the laptop stays very cool at all times unless it gets dusty .
the power source stays pretty cool as well .
the dvd burner is handy as it burns duel layer dvds for more storage .
the sound is low coming from the speakers , but through outside amplification , this laptop can make some serious noise .
the screen is very nice .
all the fn keys respond .
having a 10-key pad on the laptop is very handy .

-1
well , this computer overheated once , i recieved it today .
it is a ok computer , overheated once bluescreened 0 times .
i just waned a travel notebook not worth $ 1000 like the macbook air , so dell came through again .
peace !
update 9/3/2012display died .
i just bought a mac .
just got this a couple months ago .
such a disapointment .

-1
it looks very nice , but the fan noise and the overheating were disturbing .
averatec techsupport was helpful , but can not solve an inherent problem .

-1
i ca n't figure out if its really equipped with not just for bt or no ?
it should come with it , but my used one only shows that it has in the hardware mangier and with driver details and all under comport , but try all day long to figure out why it 's not working at all .
the wifi in it is perfectly fine though .

-1
i have been using the sz330 for over one year now .
it is the fourth vaio laptop that i have owned .
it has three problems : the case is poorly designed : it is light , but it is also flimsy .
the side panels are easy to catch with watch or ring , and once they have been popped out , they do not pop back on .
the upper right hand corner of the keyboard routinely pops out of the case and must be reinserted with a hard push on the delete key - with a carefully chosen cursor location .
and the antenae has been found at the bottom of my computer bag on more than one occasion .
as nasty as these problems are , they pale in comparison to the horrible performance of the built-in cingular wireless hardware and the unreliability of the smartwi drivers : which must be the stupidest smart drivers around .
once the wan has been switched off to use the lan , you are forced to reboot to use the wan again : that is , if the smartwi driver even manages to load at all .
and , by the way , do n't dare close the smartwi window to make more room in your system tray.btw , i still have my vgn-s360p .
i had to replace the flat panel on that one after hundreds of pixels died over a 1.5 year period , but at least the case is holding together .

-1
i have already had to replace my battery ( would n't sustain charge ) , power cord ( burned out and no longer worked ) , and now the part where my headphones goes in has become loose and is pretty much unusable .
all within four months of owning the thing .
i like the computer ... but man ... it sure is made pretty crappy .

-1
1 ) two pixels in the screen burst ; 2 ) the computer is overheating ; 3 ) it is very slow and i can not open two programs at the same time ; 4 ) there is a strange noise , possibly the cooler.please adviseluiz f. p. braconnot

-1
i bought two of these lap tops they work as they are supposed to but the batteries in both laptops were junk .
i could n't get a response from the seller when i inquired about the batteries i will never buy from them again ... ...

-1
for the money , this computer has great software and specs .
unfortunately , it was unreliable out of the box .
main problem in the unit i ordered was that it failed to boot up about half the time .
unit `` froze '' and had to be manually shut down and restarted repeatedly .
also showed several messages re .
recovery from `` a serious error . ''
toshiba tech support suggested i use the provided software to reformat and reinstall all the programs - which failed to solve the problem .
using internet explorer also was a problem .
ie repeatedly stalled and had to be shut down and reopened .
in addition , i experienced problems with the installed media center shutting down without warning and keyboard cursor jumping to other parts of the page when typing .
i hated to send it back to amazon ( i 've had great luck with almost everything i 've purchased from amazon over the years ) but feared that greater problems lay ahead of the warranty .
i suspect that toshiba cut corners to try to bring the cost down on the m105-3064 - and the result is a product that is unreliable .

-1
i thought i 'd try the alternative to windows machines , and it 's been a big disappointment .
while the macbook is sleek and sexy , it 's also extremely unreliable ; the operating system crashes at least every day .
apple pumps out os updates on a regular basis , but nothing has improved this crash-prone white elephant .
it crashes much more frequently than my recent windows machines , which says a lot , since windows is none too trustworthy.that said , i like the physical layout , the size & weight , and the mac applications .
if only they worked all the time -- or even more of the time , i 'd say they have a superior product .
but , unhappily , it just ai n't so .

-1
got the thing from apple.com about two months ago , leopard pre-installed .
very disappointed with it .
here are the reasons:1 .
computer freezes often or wo n't wake up after having been put to sleep .
the only remedy is to force-restart it ( use the button ) .2 .
keyboard becomes completely unresponsive seemingly randomly and without any warning .
solution : see 1.3 .
lots of tiger-compatible programs are not supported by leopard.4 .
the main interface design is ludicrous ( e.g .
transparent menu bar , semi-transparent 3d ( !
!
? )
shelf-like dock at which you have to peer hard to see which apps are running ) .
a prime example of ruining something good while trying to make it better.5 .
case material is a magnet for dust ( mine is black , so it 's obvious ) .6 .
power adapter extremely overpriced ( as is the whole thing , but that 's the mac tax ) , so buying a second one for work is no longer an easy option.pros ?
yeah , there are some , hence the 2nd star.advice : wait some , and then wait some more .
and then think twice .

-1
i bought one of these macbooks refurbished in january 2007 through amazon .
complete headache .
it froze , had issues waking from sleep , or overall just ran slower at times than my g3 500mhz ibook .
after going into the apple store multiple times , having the computer reformatted ( which i tried on my own , but tech support is required to treat every customer like a child , ) the logicboard replaced , so on and so forth , i was presented with a spring 2007 model , same basic computer with a bigger hard drive and a new logicboard , plus a speed bump to 2.16ghz .
no complaints now .
apple even transferred my 3 year apple care protection plan to the new laptop !
i 'd give the ma700ll/a one star if apple 's customer service was n't just so darned helpful , thanks to them , two .
i would avoid this laptop and go with a newer macbook , recommending the mb062ll/a that i was upgraded to , and get applecare.side note : i have no clue why amazon is selling this computer for $ 600 over original retail ( $ 1299 , ) but an educated buyer will know to avoid that .

-1
battery life is so so without the extended life ( 150.00 ) battery , entirely too much preloaded garbage software that needs to be immediately removed for any real performance out of he machine .
there 's four different screens used in the dv2000 construction process , only one of them that 's really competitive in the market nowadays ( qds ) run from any others ( sec ) most notably .
as mentioned in another review , keyboard keys have been intermittently sticky.warranty horrors , my screen went out at about 45 days , it took 2 hours on the phone with hp indian tech-support that does n't speak even marginal english to get an rma to return the unit .
although registering the purchase on hps website , tech support did not have the information but did have a purchase date of july 17 , 2006 that was actually november 10th , 2006 and i was told of about 20 hoops i have to jump to correct the discrepancy ( although the laptop was purchased new , registered with hp on the date of purchase , rebate check processed and mailed to me , etc etc ) i 've never seen anything this bad and i can only hope and prey they actually get the thing fixed and returned to me asap as i like most of you use this thing as a lifeline in business.read on to other machines and pass this thing by like the plague !
wish i had .

-1
overall the laptop works fine but after several months of use it started powering off randomly .
i suspect this is due to the fact that the laptop gets extremely hot when in use .
it took four calls to hp support to actually get a service ticket logged ( each agent said they were doing this but never did ) .
i finally was able to ship the unit to hp for repair , three weeks after logging the first service call i receive a still broken laptop back from hp .
they where suppose to replace the hard drive and motherboard , instead the service notes say they reloaded the os ?
the hard drive still fails diagnostics and it has no os loaded on it ?
i think with their new found popularity hp is having big problems keeping the customer service side up to an acceptable level .
you may want to look at another vendor .

-1
aunque he comprado a amazon ya dos port & aacute ; tiles hp pavilion y los productos hp generalmente tienen muy buena calidad , yo he tenido mala suerte con esta marca a diferencia de otras marcas que tambi & eacute ; n he comprado por ac & aacute ; .
un defecto que le he notado , no solo a las m & iacute ; as sino a la de algunos amigos , es la fragilidad de su teclado .
algunas teclas terminan desprendi & eacute ; ndose con el uso con el tiempo .
en mi caso ambas port & aacute ; tiles terminaron da & ntilde ; & aacute ; ndose cuando la tarjeta madre dej & oacute ; de funcionar y ninguna dur & oacute ; m & aacute ; s de 2 a & ntilde ; os .
el soporte t & eacute ; cnico de hp tambi & eacute ; n ha sido terrible y cuando sustitu & iacute ; la tarjeta madre de una de ellas con un t & eacute ; cnico personal ya que con hp no se pudo , se volvi & oacute ; a da & ntilde ; ar al poco tiempo .
luego de esa experiencia no volver & eacute ; a comprar port & aacute ; tiles hp , ahora he preferido lenovo , dell o alienware , las cuales me han salido mucho mejores y m & aacute ; s estables .

-1
i was extremely excited the day i brought this laptop home .
the vaio ... finally .
the holy grail of laptops .
however , over the past few days , i have come to realize my dreams were unfounded .
my previous laptop was the gateway 3520 , no stellar pinnacle of performance , but i would gladly trade this vaio in for my trusty gateway.where to begin ... the keys are very noisy .
as i type , i wonder how loud it would be traveling in a quiet airplane cabin .
the keys feel cheap .
the thumbprint idea , nice in concept but even the manual warns to be careful about protection of this kind that it is n't always reliable .
mostly , my complaint is about the placement .
toshiba laptops have the print scanner off to the right of the palm rest .
sony put it exactly where the right mouse button should be so you have to over extend your thumb to use alternate commands .
the screen looks washed out .
yes you can switch between video cards which is cool but i have yet to be impressed with this highly rated nvidia card .
the screen does not latch shut .
the battery wiggles when you carry the laptop and feels cheaply inserted .
they built in the camera into the screen frame , brilliant right ?
well , consider that everytime you open the notebook your thumb goes exactly over the placement of the camera thereby leaving finger marks and grease builup all over the lens each time .
the battery ( even in stamina mode ) does not last for more than 2 hours of light use ( word documents ) .
there is a little cover over the phone/ethernet ports that comes off at the slightest thought of a touch .
and finally , with all the hype about duo core processors and this being the highest `` 2 core duo '' with 2gb of mem , you 'd think mercury himself would assist in lightning fast application setup and processing .
i have yet to notice any improvement in speed over my gateway with 512mb memory and basic processor .
i can only assume you need the new vista os to take full advantage.i recently saw the new version of my gateway in best buy on sale for $ 379 .
if my purchase was n't past the 2 week return policy i would definitely exchange this exotic ( but useless ) noisy machine and save $ 1700 .

-1
had it for 2 weeks .
sent it back .
main problem was the fan noise .
fan is constantly on .
sometimes lower speed ; sometimes faster speed but always on .
i felt like i had a small vacuum cleaner in the room with me .
if you are sensitive to noise stay away from this.i previously used and hp1040 and went back to it .
its fan only goes on occasionally .
rest of the the time it is silent .
i also have an acer with a core duo .
its fan stays on but it has a wider vent so the fan is slower and therefore has a much lower pitch than the sony .
the sony has a small vent so the fan has to ramp up to move more air to keep the cpu cool .
i notice that the core 2 duo uses 34w of power vs 31w for the core duo and 21-27w for the pentium m 's .
maybe all core 2 duo laptops will have fan noise ?
intel 's hot chips are ruining the world !
( exaggeration but ... ) per other reviewers i did note that the keyboard was `` clacky '' and the battery did move slightly in its slot .
i also got an error once where an alert said i had the `` wrong battery inserted '' and the unit had to shut down .
at that point it would not restart ; seemed dead .
i removed the battery , restarted without the battery ; reinserted and it worked ok from then on .
disconcerting though.otherwise , it was very fast - especially with the nvidia graphics .
screen was nice .
weight was great ( although the power brick in large and i thought a bit weighty - defeats having a light laptop a bit ) .sad that the petty annoyance overwhelmed a basically good unit .
especially for the price - stay away.now , considering a macbook that i will bootcamp with xp .

-1
after 13 months of occasional use , the hard drive failed .
two months later the power supply died , the next month the motherboard went south.based on that experience with sony , i would n't recommend this product .

-1
i purchased this item thinking that all required software would come with but much to my surprise i did not !
laptop came with lot of pre-installed program that needs product registration codes .
i did n't even get a official windows xp cd with its registration codes .
i would n't recommend anyone to purchase a thing from amazon.com !

-1
the a105-s2101 is not a bad notebook .
dvd playback is beautiful , it handles most of the things i want to do .
gaming is a little hit or miss , world of warcraft is a little jerky but guild wars plays well .
the problem with this laptop is support , the display and chip set driver for this laptop is over a year old and if you know a little about computers up to date drivers are a must.i have tried to download and install the drivers from ati , but toshiba has made it so that you can only install drivers that they post on their website .
in effect locking you out of your own computer .
so i do n't recommend this or any toshiba laptop because of the lack of updates for their hardware ( that you can only get from them ) and for basically locking me out of my computer .

-1
this laptop is a good choice if you do n't have much room in your house and do n't plan on carrying a laptop with you all over the place .
if you 're looking for a notebook that is easy to transport and tough enough to handle the ride , this is n't the notebook for you.the computer runs most applications pretty quickly .
it 's a fine machine if you plan on leaving it at home most of the time and do n't ever play computer games .
i regret buying this notebook because i do enjoy playing computer games and this notebook is unable to play most of the games that have come out in the past year or two and none that are coming out now .
it 's 3-d graphics accelerator and microprocessor are simply not up to the challenge .
it 's not a matter of the games running slow -- it 's that they will not run at all .
also , after only a month of having the computer , the monitor started to flicker on and off if it was bumped very gently in a particular way .
i still have n't figured out what exactly triggers this , but it happens every so often , and i just have to restart the computer .
i think that 's pretty lame for a brand-new computer , especially a sony.next time i 'll just get a desktop .

-1
i bought this laptop at frys for a great price but i 've had problems since i 've had it .
i work with graphic programs and my after effects will not launch nor will my stand alone zacwerks animator pro .
i had it to long to return it ( xmas present ) so i 'm stuck .
i 've been searching the web to see if they have any problems with it .
think twice before you buy this laptop .
the only plus is that it does run fast and multitasking is good .

-1
we bought this just over 1 year ago and its falling apart , we ca n't close it right as the screen is coming apart and the disk tray no longer opens properly .
we use it a lot but just here at the house and it does n't get moved around a lot so this is not well worn and i am very disappointed by this cheap quality .
the featuers are nice and it performs ok otherwise but opening and closing the unit and the disk drive should not be an ordeal .
my dell desktop is much older and gets much more use and is still going strong , i made a real mistake not going to dell for the laptop and will not make that mistake again !

-1
the product is fine and the price is reasonable .
the biggest problem i had with this is the after-sales service .
we had a problem with the battery so we contacted h-p via instant messaging .
this was actually pretty convenient and quite effective .
they sent us a package to send the notebook back and since it was a battery issue , we also sent the adaptor and power cord .
about a week later , we got the notebook back but without the adaptor and power cord .
so i called up this time and told them they forgot the adaptor and power cord , this was a monday .
i called back friday because we have n't received it yet and of course , it was n't even sent out .
needless to say i was not happy .
i told them to send it next day for monday .
to their credit , we did receive an adaptor from them on monday ... but this time without a power cord !
who in their right mind sends an adaptor but no power cord ?
!
?
apparently the wonderful people at h-p do .
and do n't bother requesting things to be done because the technicians are n't authorized to do anything and case managers have to call you back .
when they do , it 's usually 1-2 days later .
so now we 're waiting for a power cord , which by the way is unavailable to purchase separately from an adaptor at any retail store .
so if your h-p does n't have any problems , you 're safe .
but once you have to deal with h-p on getting repairs and customer service , you 'll be frustrated so be ready to complain and put on the disgruntled customer face ... not that it helps .

-1
this is a fast notebook with a lot of powerful multimedia capabilities , i bought mine about 1.5 years ago and loved it , but over the years ( year ) , it has not held up .
most of the keys are now blank ( i 've never worn the keys off of anything , mind you , just this one ) , and the shiny finish is terribly delicate and gets scratched up if you just glance at it sharply.but those are the minor things .
the major thing , and the reason i 'm recommending yo do not buy this computer , is the hinge on the left hand side .
just google `` notebook hinge crack '' or `` hingefix '' along with dv9000 and you will discover that there are several whole websites devoted solely to the horribly flawed hinge construction .
and they 're busy little websites -- this is n't an occasional problem , it 's a basic feature of the way this computer is made , that the hinge suffers from an unfortunate tendency to fall apart catastrophically under normal use.my hinge died quite suddenly about a month ago , not from any rough handling or dropping , just because the design and materials are crap .
i have to open and close it very , very slowly and carefully while holding the left side of the screen together , which is even more awkward than it sounds .
apparently if you are firm with them , hp will fix the hinge at no charge , but you have to send it off for a week .
there are instructions on how to fix it yourself on those dv9000 hinge websites , but it 's not a diy project for the faint of heart.so unless you plan to place your laptop gently on a desk , use gloves to touch it , and refrain from opening and closing it , you 'd be better off buying something that is nice and sturdy inside *and* out .

-1
this is a good starter notebook for those getting into the next generation computer game a little late .
with a vista compatible setup at a relatively low price , the computer sounds like a great deal , but you will be more disappointed in this computer than happy with it in a couple of months.pros : screen - not too shabby .
most companies are releasing pretty good and pretty bright screens , so that 's should n't be a big concern .
i was afriad it would look washed out , but hp usually does a pretty good job on the screen.multi-drive - the dvd burner is a nice touch , but do n't get too excited , keep reading.good ports - including s-videocons : - almost everythingprocessor - not a dual core .
this is a huge disappointment , considering almost every competitor on the market has a dual core processor .
it is a 64-bit processor ( which is required for the ultimate vista ) , but low benchmarks makes the price not so suprising.ram - 512mb , for a vista laptop , you need a 1gb minimum , no questions .
2gb if you want a smooth run these days , but anything under 1gb is going to give you headaches.80gb hd - vista-related programs are probably going to take a huge chunk out of that , directx 10 programs will be heavy , and with hard drives becoming cheaper by the months , you 'd expect 120gb from a budget notebook.nvidia 6150gt - normally this is a good thing , but it 's a battery killer .
the battery in this laptop is around 110 minutes ... that 's terrible !
!
!
!
!
!
a 6150 is nothing to brag about anyways , it 's not much better than a integrated media accelerator ... and it is still using up your ram .
imaging how slow your computer is going to run on a vista computer with 384mb of function ram .
this is a huge letdown .
you ca n't even enjoy games on this laptop , let alone actually taking advantage of the directx 10 games coming out later this year.where 's the lightscribe i was promised ?
- i do n't know if it was just an amazon.com mistake for a few of the shipments , or if it 's for all of them , but i 'm not the only one that was gipped on the lightscribe .
all the other formats read and burned alright , but the lightscribe did n't do so hot.bottom line : this laptop does nothing right .
hp went in the wrong direction with this laptop and gave a false hope laptop for the people that just want to have vista , but do n't meet the specs for one .
not only will this computer not run vista well , it wo n't even run windows xp that well , and that 's the biggest shame .

-1
i bought this system for my 13 yr old homeschooled daughter for her schoolwork.from day 1 it would not complete downloads through the download manager .
to load firefox i had to download it on my dell and thumb drive it over to her hp .
she can not download music or videos .
tech support suggested i get more ram which i did .
that was no help and support suggested i buy a support contract since my 30 day support had expired .
i read from the warranty where software support was 90 days with registration .
it made no difference , they ca n't understand me and i ca n't understand them most of the time except when they want to sell something .
i actually like the system but tech support needs lots of help .

-1
i 've own a number of laptops including other toshibas and never had a problem like this.after a week of using this laptop it started freezing up at random times .
i ran scans , cleaned the registry , etc , .. no luck .
finally i took it in to service , they had it a week and then said it was software related and must be caused by a software conflict .
they did a factory re-install and i was forced to loose all data.after getting it back , i very carefully did the windows updates before installing any software of my own .
sure enough it started freezing again after window updates only.there must be an incompatibility with some of the software loaded in this laptop and windows update , but i 'm still stuck with this problem until someone figures it out.anyone have a solution ?
?
if not for this major hassle , i 'd be quite happy with this laptop .

-1
as noted in other reviews , this product is not designed or built to the usually high sony standards .
the lcd screen will break under normal use and sony will not honor the warranty if the screen fails .
my screen failed after six months and i returned the computer to sony for repairs .
sony charged me over $ 700 and refused to return the 'physically damaged screen ' as i requested so that the 'intentional damage ' that i 'caused ' could be verified .
to confirm that this is a design flaw sony included with the repaired computer new instructions as to how to prevent damaging the screen noting that 'the lcd screen may be sensitive to pressure or added stress ' .
this product is a sad commentary on sony 's design standards and on its unwillingness to stand behind its warranty .

-1
hi , in general i 'm happy with product .
except several points1 .
hdd should be 120 gb i got only 100gb2 .
i should get cd/dvd with drivers for laptop , there were nothing in packagenext time i will think twice before ordering from this sellerbest ,

-1
when working , this is a sweet little laptop for the money .
mine will reboot itself on startup repeatedly until it warms up .
4 , 5 , 6 reboots before it will load windows .
sony support sent the laptop back unfixed .
on hold now for 45min .
guess i 'm the only one with a lemon though .
fast enough , small , cheap and nice looking .
i agree , it has waaaaaay to much crap software .
linux works well , all hardware recognized .

-1
i was thrilled to get such a high-performance , inexpensive , lightweight computer .
i bought it right after thanksgiving ( 2006 ) and immediately started having issues .
the computer is fast .
the screen is small but brilliant and clear and overall the responsivity of the machine was in the hardly better anywhere -- except that as you are typing or doing work suddenly , for no obvious reason you 'll get a freeze -- the system will just stop responding.at first i thought it was just a software glitch especially since the zonealarm security software is about as intrusive a bit of irritating software as i 've ever encountered .
but after removing in every case the system that seemed to be offending , i 've come to the conclusion that it is just some fault with the computer .
it 's made in china afterall.my experience with it is just awful .
it freezes , it goes to a blue screen sometimes without warning , it says that it 's lost registry entries on boot up but has recovered them , but this happens repeatedly .
i 'm using it now to write this review looking over my shoulder waiting for it to freeze.maybe after they get the bugs out this will be terrific -- but right now it is a lemon .
if i was the only one i 'd think it was a fluke .
but when i started researching the `` freeze '' i found other users with the same problem.i 'd avoid it for now.update -- i took the first averatec back to staples where i bought it and the fellow there was very surprised saying that they generally had a good reputation .
so i thought , `` ok let 's give'em another chance . ''
i exchanged the first machine for another and gave it to my son for christmas .
well he was thrilled .
but in three days of use , heavy use since he was playing wow on it heavily -- but then for no reason , no abuse , the video started misbehaving .
it refused to heal itself .
two computers , two major issues , no abuse or misuse .
we took that one back and now he 's checking out his new hp .
meanwhile i 'm pretty satisfied with my new vaio although it 's a little pricey by comparison .
if you get a good averatec you 're probably in good shape .
but 2 strikes in 2 tries is a surprisingly bad record .
i do n't see any reason to be very optimistic about this beastie .
i probably should demote the thing to one star .

-1
bought it preloaded with vista , and half my programs would n't work on it ( useless ) .
formatted it and installed xp , and now the lenovo-downloaded drivers wo n't work ( half-useless ) .
their `` legendary '' tech support told me to take a hike because i was n't using the preload anymore ( even though it was a completely clean install ) .
i told them `` hey , you can spend 15 minutes helping me get these drivers working on xp , or you can spend 3 hours trying to get my programs to work on vista '' .
of course , they laughed and told me to play on the freeway .
& lt ; sigh > going to try linux ... i figure it ca n't get much worse than this ?

-1
i have been a long time pc user , decided to give mac a try after reading rave reviews of macbook .
now i wish i could return this expensive machine and go back to pc .
my gripes are mostly small things but they are really irritating .
first , no right click function .
you have to go to the title bar ( or use inconveniently located apple key ) .
their softwares , with few exceptions , are not user friendly .
safari does not allow tabbing , along with lack of right click , which is quite annoying .
i found ipages not so user friendly either .
another annoying thing is dvd player , which does not allow speed play back and good luck finding a mac compatible media player.i must admit that imovie is superb , as well as key note which i think is much better than powerpoint .
now would i shell out 500-600 bucks more than a comparable pc again ?
the answer is emphatic no.addendum : tabbing is allowed in safari , thanks to the comment .
also now using a mouse , which allows right click function .
but i still standby assesement that mac is overrated and not worth the extra bucks .

-1
i returned this macbook because i realized that with me runnig winxp withparallels , the harddrive & ram would not be large enough for my needs .

-1
so i got the laptop and its a good thing i double checked everything before i gave it to my sis ( she needed something she could take to school with her for minor projects and such ) because it came with what must have been a different laptops charger .
it was n't even close to being able to plug in.. a laptop is n't much good if you ca n't charge the battery .
luckily the replacement charger only cost like 7 bucks from a different seller , so problem solved .
buyer beware because you might not get the right parts .

-1
motherboard crashed after 6 months of use .
buy the warranty

-1
i bought this laptop as a replacement for another sony vaio that had just died in the middle of a project .
it is the third vaio that i have owned.given the terrible support that sony has given me , it will probably be the last sony i own.the hardware is great .
nothing wrong with it .
the problem is with vista .
my old laptop ( frv28 ) running xp performed better at most tasks than this machine does despite being half as good in the hardware department.i 'm writing this review mostly as a rebuttal to one of the other reviewers here who said if you do n't like vista , just pop in your xp or linux disk and away you go.i 'm a software developer who does a lot of support too , and so far i have n't been able to get xp or linux installed on this model .
and all my efforts to get sony to help have been fruitless.sony support has rebuffed all my attempts to get drivers for alternative os 's .
their canned response is that they only support vista on this machine and will not provide any xp or linux drivers.i have also not been able to get aol video conferencing to work with the built in camera .
i went back to best buy where i bought this and they could n't get it to work either on a new model they pulled out of a box.because of this purchase , i have went from a big sony vaio proponent to someone who wo n't buy any more sony products .

-1
bought this laptop in april of 2007 .
as other reviewers commented it does look very sleek , however there are many issues with it .
first of all after using it for almost 2 years i have 4 minutes of battery life .
4 minutes .
it is ridiculous that i am a slave to my power cord .
second of all , it is so slow .
i do not have many additional programs loaded onto this computer but it takes forever to load up a program .
the internet frequently crashes as does windows media player .
recently i 've had to restart my computer several times a day because of the crashes .
i thought it might be a virus so i swept it using an anti-virus program but nothing was wrong .
i wish i had chosen a different laptop , this one is very disappointing .

-1
its one week and my cd\dvd drive is not working.but the real problem is that the super video tv out online give black and white imagen .
i can assure you that i am not doing anything wrong and its not a standard issue , it is not working properly.the other real rare thing is that in sony 's support website this model is not listed , really , you wont find this model for support .
its like it doesnt exist .
and the email support they gave me , sucks.it came with out any back up cd .
not drivers , restore or windows vista.the rest its ok , its really pretty .

-1
i bought this sony notebook on amazon.com after lot of online study of different makes and models .
the specifications for sony vgn-sz430 n/b appeared great on paper / online .
amazon delivered it on time .
but i am totally disappointed by ony after using it for about a month .
following are main drawbacks:1 .
the laptop becomes hot very quickly and you can not keep it in your lap for long.2 .
it is very slow though it boasts a dual core 2 intel processor t7200 .
i think it is due to lots of pre-installed programs on trial basis ( for 60 days ) 3 .
the windows vista business , pre-installed on the laptop crashes often .
i would say it is an unstable operating system.4 .
the battery life is just about 1.5 hours.5 .
the built-in-camera picture quality is poor.6 .
the cooling fan is very noisy .
i have owned other laptops with practicaly no noise.7 .
the customer support is poor .
it takes about 40 minutes of waiting to reach a level 2 support

-1
this is my 2nd vaio , i bought it because of the great form factor ( weight , size , etc ) .
my first vaio ( an older model ) worked very well .
this one is just plain awful.the key problem with the laptop is the _basics_ just do n't work .
the webcam freezes .
the wireless configuration disappears .
the sound output stops through multiple reboots .
do n't even bother with the fingerprint sensor.in my first 45 days i 've re-installed vista once , and have spent no less than 5 hours on the phone with tech support.do n't buy it .

-1
i got this laptop as a graduation gift , and i had it for under a month when it crashed .
i took it in to frys electronics to have them look at it and try to figure out what was wrong with it , and the hard drive was bad .
i emailed and called hp/compaq many times , and i finally got them to send me a new hard drive .
i had to wait almost two weeks for the hard drive to arrive , and when it did , there was no operating system .
i then called hp again and they said they `` forgot to put the recovery cd in with the hard drive . ''
so i finally get that and now my laptop is working fine ( for now ) .i will never tell anyone to buy an hp/compaq product ever .
they have absolutely horrible customer service , and it 's just completely not worth all the trouble .

-1
warning to those wishing to play games : disregard the claim that this is an `` entertainment pc '' you can not run second life on it .
it has a built in intel graphics accelerator chip set which can not handle 3-d graphics .
i bought the laptop because it claimed to the one i needed , but i wasted my money .

-1
this unit came right up .
it does not handle vista windows aero , but that is a vista problem and it 's need for more than 1gb of memory to use that mode .
it is fast and has not crashed .
networked painlessly .
there is a problem with the camera .
it appears to be hp related and is being worked on .
so the box is great , but vista will take time to get used to , though it does seem very stable .
photoshop cs2 no problem .
bottom line .
it is an excellent laptop .
old printers and scanners were found by vista and function .

-1
do n't waste your time spend a hundred dollars more for a much better machine.they sent a recovery disk without a product key.you would do better to build your own with parts of other machines than to buy from these people.i will never make apurchase with them , again

-1
the hard drive is 30 gb you tell it is 40 gb the batterie is good but you lie me about the hard drive .

-1
did n't have all of the needed componets for wireless .
i was with verizon for 45 minutes trying to set it up .
by the way , i want my refund put on my american express card not the amazon .
i tore that one up !
thank you

-1
its not a bad laptop at all , my only disapointment is that it wont play dvd 's , a file or program is missing .
this was a letdown because i take long bus trips and wanted various ways to spend my time.it was a low price , in a way i wish i would have waited and got a more up to date laptop , but hey its still new to me.it is rather sluggish at times , it could have something to do with hot spots.i think i was exspecting more , but hey it was only $ 240.00 and it is 6 yrs oldat the time i was desperate , and you get what you pay for.one good thing it arrived fast , and i was able to track it .

-1
my laptop arrived with obvious signs of use , a non-functioning ac adapter , and no frills whatsoever ... such as installation disks or user manuals .
all you get is the laptop and a power cable ( that did n't work , in my case ) .
it was cheap , though .

-1
this computer was terribly slow .
just an older processor , i guess .
i do wish that more info would have been given .

-1
i received used computer which is very old model and have problem to load internet applications , programs and ads on .

-1
the laptop is noisy for something that i just got .
the power stays low i will not buy this kind of laptop again .

-1
windows-xp is now obsolete .
the dell d600s really are n't capable of running windows-7 ( 32-bit version ) and so we scrap them at the charity i volunteer at -- we do upgrade the somewhat-better dell d610s .
the d600s have ddr ram as opposed to the d610s ' faster ddr2 ram -- besides faster speed , another difference is that we can get 1-gb ddr2 ram sticks so that we can put 2-gb of ram into a d610 , whereas we ca n't with the ddr used in the d600s ( you really want at least 2-gb of ram to run windows-7 ) .caution : when buying a used computer , you want the hard drive to have been tested to have no bad sectors and also no & # 34 ; repaired & # 34 ; sectors .
hard drives with repaired sectors will often ( not always ) quickly get more bad sectors .
at the charity i volunteer at , i scrap any hard drive that tests to have a bad sector ( and i test them all ) .

-1
this is one of the worst laptops ever made .
its a tempting price but not worth the hassle afterwords .
first you should know that dell came out with several more models later because this one had major hardware issues .
the internal on-board ethernet/wifi chip or card will go bad in a few months , the signal would get shorter and shorter .
there 's a major battery chip problem as well which was supposedly fixed in later models .
hard drive problems , audio problems ... horrible.just stay away , buy anything else but this .

-1
i loved this laptop , great lcd display , good sound , but in the last five months ( i 've only owned it for 2 year 8 months now ) i 've had to replace the lcd screen , several of the usbs do n't work effectively , and my sound recently went out .
computer place says i need a new hard drive .
i believe them since i can troubleshoot many issues myself and i could n't see anything wrong with my sound devices .
oh yea , the battery is a goner too , this also became an issue several months ago .
i must keep it plugged in at all times or i have no power.so , i paid almost 1000.00 for this piece of garbage just over 2-1/2 years ago .
the lcd replacement cost me 250.00 , the diagnostic on the hard drive issue cost me 70.00 and now the new hard drive will/would cost me another 250.00 .
the battery would be another 95.00 .
do the math , i might has well have just bought a new computer .
if i had known this was going to happen i would have back in march when the issues started cropping up.i really loved it when it worked , but i feel like i 've paid a heck of a lot of money for a short-lived laptop .
i 'm thinking about replacing the hard drive myself , got ta get some use out of this new lcd display .

-1
i loved my laptop for the 1st month .
then the mother board went .
i took it into the the authorized repair shop .
the part is backordered , and it 's almost a month now !
i 've been trying for several weeks to talk to toshiba 's customer relations people .
i only get the gatekeepers .
i 'm very frustrated.i will update this , when it gets resolved.update , neber did hear back frpom toshiba customer service !
amazon helped out and now they have a customer for life and toshiba had lost one .
btw , hp customer support has been great .

-1
the new windows vista operating system on this machine will not run some of the programs which i own and were made for xp.this computer as sold becomes too slow to operate with the new windows vista operating system.all the other features are good .

-1
this computer did n't have much to recommend it .
i bought a toshiba in mid-2002 that i was very satisfied with that finally gave up the ghost , so after looking at the market for a little bit , i gave toshiba the tiebreaker for my next laptop.gripes:1 ) this laptop had the worst keyboard i 've ever used , bar none .
they tried to jam a 10-key pad to the right of the qwerty keyboard , which was a big mistake .
it forced them to squeeze the arrow keys horizontally ( i.e .
all the arrow keys were taller than they were wide ) meaning that my fingers could n't fit on them .
they also moved the right-hand shift key and made it smaller , making it impossible for me as a touch-typist to hit it without thinking hard about it , which is pretty darn frustrating for me as a ~70 wpm typist.2 ) the fingerprint recognition device is more hassle than it 's worth .
seriously .
it was borderline useful for me , but my wife found it unusable .
when it even acknowledged that she had passed her finger over it , it usually said she was n't recognized .
very frustrating.3 ) the power cable did n't plug in very well .
we bumped it one night before bed and woke up to find the computer asleep with a dead battery .
it charged back up ok of course , but it 's a good thing we did n't need a full battery first thing in the morning.windows vista stinks .
net/net , it 's maybe a little better than xp , but five years and umpty million dollars for this piece of junk ?
the eye candy is ok , but not really what i need from an os .
the `` advanced search '' usability is apallingly bad .
changing your search once you have set it up is appallingly difficult .
when it comes to networking , the nadir was when both firefox and msie 7 would n't pull up any sites , but mozilla thunderbird was pulling down mail just fine and i could ping anything i wanted to .
also , winxp at least has the decency to tell you when you 're not connected to the network , but vista had the annoying habit of not telling you when you 've lost connection .
nice job , microsoft.about the only good thing i can say about the computer is that the screen was really good.i sent the machine back and got a macbook pro 15.4 '' .
it was a fair bit more pricey than the toshiba , but i like it a whole lot better.-john

-1
i have had this notebook for about 3 months , and the hard drive faild on me 3 times !
i re installed windows vista 3 times and the problem kept happening .
the notebook is nice if it worked .
i would rate this a 1 start but the warenty on this product is great .
great customer service !
i think the problem is the vista and not the notebook .
another thing is that the notebook gets fairly hot , even on a flat hard wood or glass table .
i would def .
buy an hp over a vaio .

-1
i love toshiba product .
i bought this model to replace my m55/s3293 which i had to return to my previous employer .
i love everything that the u205-s5057 has to offer , light , compact and powerful .
my biggest mistake was to purchase it knowing that it is pre-loaded with vista which after 2 frustrating weeks i realized that it does not work with most applications that i need to do my work .
also , my broadband card from verizon does not support vista .
finally i returned the unit to amazon which was easy to do .
and purchase again from amazon ( shipped from tiger ) a u205-s5034 which has windows xp .
i am happy now .

-1
ux390n have a better performance compress old model , but 32gb flash drive too small .
sony did not support creating the recover cd , even you use sony ilink cd/dvd burner .
hate this .

-1
i received a laptop that was described as like new , the laptop was physically dirty , had many scratches on the screen and body , and came with a dead battery .
the decscription and technichal details said that it came with 512 ram and a dvd drive but came with 256 ram and a cd drive .
when i wrote to him about it , he told me that i should have read his comments to find those details .
he should have written the correct details in the description in the first place .

-1
i was pretty disappointed in this product .
when i received it , it was a `` refurbished '' computer - but it still had family photos and programs from its previous owner on it !
scary thought huh ?
it also had an issue overheating and randomly shutting down .
so ... i got a mac !
: )

-1
im not sure if its the computer itself of the operating system ( vista ) but this has been one of the most frustrating computers ive ever owned .
simple things like clicking on the volume control takes five to eight seconds of load time whick is rediculous , as well as closing windows usualy takes just as much time in not more .
not even connected to the internet and playing games like solitar , the laptop will freeze up .
again , not sure if its just the computer or vista .
overall it does get basic of jobs done.. just very very slowly .

-1
i bought the dv2000 after noting a good price with powerful options .
now it wo n't boot up and there was no misuse .
therefore it is a hardware problem .
i have also lost all of my data since the laptop will not boot .
i will never buy hp again , great prices terrible reliability .

-1
i purchased this laptop in june of 2007 .
it was an awesome little laptop for the first six months i owned it .
quite literally , the moment we hit 2008 i have had nothing but problems with this laptop .
it refused to boot in january and i had to send it in to hp .
they returned it to me three weeks later .
it was fine for about a month and a half - although it worked slower than before i sent it in .
last week it started doing the exact same thing .
i sent it in , received it back , and they had n't fixed the problem .
now they 're sending me a new battery , and i have to turn around and send it in to hp again .
and they refuse to just replace it and swap out the hard drive , instead they insist on making me chase my tail and fall behind in the college classes i need the laptop for .
my advice : only get this laptop if you have another computer handy to take its place when you have to send it in ... .this is an awesome laptop but every once in a while a laptop will turn up that gives you nothing but headaches .
i 've been waaayy too tempted to throw mine off my front deck .
buy with caution .

-1
i did not buy this product on amazon , but thought it would be nice to share my views here.i have had this laptop for a little over 2 yrs and used this for watching movies/word processor work/surfing the web and such othe mundane tasks .
after a little over 1 yr , i had the familiar `` black screen '' problem ( google this up dv2000 + black screen ) and you will get a number of people with similar issues .
it appears that this is a known problem with this model and hp has a limited 2 yr extended warranty program , which by the way , starts from when you buy the notebook and not after the 1 yr warranty expires !
i was able to send it in the first time to get it fixed free of charge to hp .
fast forward exactly 1 yr and i start havng the absolute same problems .
this time hp says it will take me 265 $ to repair it.had i been smart enough to look this up before buying , i would have never bought this notebook .
save your $ $ and take them somewhere else .
this product is not worth the money .
here is the url to issues with this product [ ... ] as far as performance is concerned , i had no complaints with this notebook .
i did upgrade ram to 2 gb since it came with vista .
eventually i ended up downgrading it to xp using a personal copy of the os i had .
i was able to find all drivers on the hp website , though with some help on the forums .
the fan is fairly silent and wont make a loud noise.i never used the lightscribe feature so can not comment on that , but did burn a bunch of dvds with no issues.as my title says go ahead and buy it if you need it badly , but beware , you might get a lemon .
might be wise to get the 3 yr extended warranty with it .

-1
at 8:45 pm on the 5th of july .
the elecsurf company sent me an email stateing that there was a `` note '' referencing the condition of the notebook comp .
i had ordered also the email stated the item was to be shipped soon ... i read the email 8:45 on the 6th of july.the note said the webcam was not equipmed with this item as the product description had said .
i emediately emailed them back .
they said the item `` note '' was in fact there .
they sent me a link to read it .
i did .
it was a product page link to a different notebook .
an incorrect item.i researched my original order and found the correct link to the item which i had ordered .
no reference to the missing webcam was made .
i sent them the correct link and noted it as thus also i told them they had shipped the wrong item ( one of the 4 emails they sent me back said the item was shipped this morning [ 6 july ] .. sorry wish you had contacted us back sooner .
you can refuse the shipment by ups ... to return the item not wanted .
very dissapointed !

-1
i have had one of these computers for a couple of years .
would i buy this again ?
no.there are some good things about it .
it plays movies well on the big screen , and the keyboard is really nice for a laptop .
however , the problems with it far outweigh the good points .
it does run more slowly than a computer of this caliber should , in my opinion.the biggest problem , though , has just been all of the things that have broken on this .
it has become a question of not what has been replaced but what has n't been : * the dvd/cd player died after 18 months* the wireless adapter quit working after 24 months .
for a laptop computer , that makes internet surfing impossible .
because it was a problem in the motherboard itself , the repair was quoted at $ 800+ .
i just bought a separate usb wireless adapter .
* the power adapter had to be replaced* the battery was down to about 50 % strength after all of a year .
by the second year , it was down to about 20 minutes on power saver* it has trouble going into sleep mode .
it apparently does not always recognize when the case is opened .

-1
within the first 5 months , i had to send my computer in for overheating ... now it 's out of warranty , and i have not been able to use it for about 7 months now due to a bad motherboard .
while these are regular occurrences for a lot of laptops , i feel like i should 've kept the laptop i had for 3 years ( with no problems ) and just bought a desktop instead .
i am definitely disappointed in this laptop .

-1
i have a e1705 with t7200 , 7900gs , 1gb ram & xp with vista disks.the laptop started crashing to a blue screen after about 8-9 month useand is crashing more and more frequently .
nmi , memory parity error.dell is coming next week to replace my motherboard and gpu amd ram.the performance is very good in gaming , but reliablity is subpar.update : at 16 months , no display , dell is going to replace motherbaord again .
i have the 4 year on site warranty .
do n't buy this laptop without the extended warranty .

-1
i bought a satellite a135-s4527 1 year ago and my warranty just expired .
i am very gentle with my laptop and the monitor went out .
toshiba tech support will not talk to you unless you give them a credit card and i have found that to replace the monitor ( part alone ) is $ 400 + .
this is more than half the price of a new laptop .
it doesnt make sense .
so if you buy toshiba get that extended warranty .
remember , when they sell something cheap its for a reason .
good luck

-1
when i got this laptop , i was a high-school freshman , just looking for something that could get me the internet and give me a place to do my homework .
this worked fine for a bit , but soon multiple problems developed.1 ) wireless card started to malfunction after about a month .
i had to frequently turn it on and off to connect to my network.2 ) it gets very very very very slow , especially with all the pre-installed software .
i had to buy some extra ram and do extensive work with programs to make it bearable.3 ) after only 24 hours of accidentally leaving it plugged in , the battery was completely dead .
it no longer laster for more than 10 minutes .
i realize leaving the laptop plugged in is bad , but a 24 hour accidental stretch should be inconsequential.4 ) a related complaint , the a/c adaptor is horrible .
i think , due to the fact that my battery is dead and i have to keep it plugged in at all times during use , the adaptor wears out much faster .
i 'm on my second now , and it just died.5 ) the hdd is too small .
i thought only having homework , some music , and some videos from rooster teeth would keep me under 80 gb .
it didn't.6 ) the monitor fails often .
sometimes i 'll boot up a video , the screen will go black , and a minute later it will come back with the message `` display driver r3000 failed .
`` 7 ) through all these problems , toshiba customer support was very bad .
lots of hold time , lots of mixed up answers , and lots of backtracking across phone lines.the only reason i even give this a 2 is because it functions .
it never truly crashed on me .
but if you want to buy a laptop that will for sure give you good performance , go with something else .

-1
i bought this laptop in a bit of a hurry back in june of 2007 because i needed something for college and i was n't picky at the time .
and , while it 's done relatively well for me , i really expected a bit more considering it cost $ 1000.its inclusion of wireless draft-n has been an invaluable inclusion , which improves download speeds of my podcasts , youtube videos , and just regular web sites .
but , it took me literally a month to get it to talk with my linksys router .
after returning the router four times at the request of the customer service agent from linksys , i was forced to leave my router unsecured .
it was n't for another year , until vista 's first service pack came out did i get the router get secured , and it turned out that it was vista , not the router , the whole time.the more recent issues i 've had with it are the battery life .
as a college student , laptops are a necessity , but when they die in the library an hour before the test they 're simply a pain .
when i first bought the laptop the battery would last around 90 minute in practical use with high screen brightness , wifi turned on , and using youtube every now and then , but after two years of use the battery life has literally dwindled to a mere twenty minutes .
granted , that happens with lithium-ion batteries , but now my laptop is starting to feel like a compact desktop given that it needs to always stay plugged in.the one year manufacturer 's warranty was also unsatisfactory for a computer that is expected to last at least five years .
if a car manufacturer only backed their product with one year we would n't stand for it , so why would we expect only one year for our laptops .
furthermore , toshiba has a proprietary program to use the `` fn '' keys called `` flash cards '' .
not only is the program increadibly slow , but it is the only way to adjust functions like screen brightness .
it may sound petty , but it hangs around the top of your screen at all times and it will get under your nerves in no time.in all , you should be able to judge from looking at the specs that it 's not really a value buy and the review should help you understand not to buy toshiba laptops in general , with their cheap plastic chassis , non-durable hard drives , and poor warranties .
there are plenty of manufacturers out there so just steer clear of toshiba .

-1
after about 6 months i noticed mass amounts of heat emitting from this laptop to dangerous levels , it could burn your hand !
!
!
fan runs non stop for some reason and it required external cooling espessially when runnning vista which this unit has major trouble handleing .
i broght this piece of crap back and got a macbook pro with leopard ... .so much better !

-1
i purchased this notebook recently and i am having really bad experience , both with the notebook and with hp 's award-winning customer support .
i am running vista home premium on amd turion 2.0 ghz processor , with nvidia graphic accleration , 2 gb ram & 120gb hard drive .
the notebook gets very very hot .
i am not able to keep it on my lap , fearing that it might burn my skin , if it gets in contact .
i am not running any fancy applications , mind you , just using the web browser is sufficient to agitate the machine .
if i continue to work , without minding the heat generated from the bottom of the laptop , then the fan kicks in and makes it noisy enough to wake up my neighbors .
i called their tech support and wanted to know the procedure for returning the laptop .
the moment i said that , they put me on hold for another good 20 minutes , and later on , said `` some one would get back to me within 24 hrs '' .
no one did , and i had to call back again to remind them .
i am still waiting to return the product .
overall - bad product , bad service .
by the way , the tablet functionality in this laptop is useless .

-1
got it instead of getting net book .
i had to buy another battery for 30 $ as the battery does not hold charging also i had to buy another charger as the charger does not fit well for another 12 $ .
the laptop itself works well and in moderate condition

-1
after about a week the hinges on my apple ibook g3 popped out .
so my laptop screen could n't hold itself up .
so i tried to get it repaired but east coast macs said it was a `` hard '' job , so they offered a replacement laptop for $ 69.95 after i paid $ 170 for laptop and shipping .
so after they offered the replacement laptop , when i called they would ignore my phone calls .
but when i called on a different phone they answered .
so i just got a refund .
overall the apple ibook g3 is a great laptop but east coast macs is a unreliable , horrible company .

-1
it want connect to the internet too old to use i will not buy anything else like it not satified

-1
the company who sold me the ibook sent it with the keys coming out , and the trackpad does n't work ; i have to use a mouse .
when i took it to a technician to fix , i was told the wiring was done wrong which he had to rewire and had to pay to fix .

-1
the apple computer was received as advertised , although the vendor failed to say there was no wireless card or that the os system would have to be upgraded for most of todays technology .
if you wanted to use just a word program or a few other simple programs it would be fine but did not meet my needs.tried to contact the vendor several times to ask to return item and get money back as advertised .
vendor never called , returnned e-mail messages or letter.stay away from the mac specialist !

-1
product broke within 3 weeks of buying ... man on phonr said send it back cuz it was covered by warranty .
i recieved no resonse for weeks .
finally i called and they said it wasnt covered ... .
that it was due to negligence ... .
when it def was not .
then they offered to fix it for $ 750 .
lol lol i brought it to an independent guy who fixed it for 200.talk about a bunch of thieves stay away

-1
i did n't know it was that old , so i had to cancel it .
nobody uses modem anymore .
so i decides to canceled it .

-1
decent computer , for the price .
unfortunately , during shipping , the 't ' button ceased to function , so i pulled it out and pressed it with my finger and the button worked .
then , about a week after i got it , the whole thing shut down .
could n't get it to start up again ( trust me , it had good battery ) .
since it was so cheap , i just returned it and was refunded full price .
( minus shipping , cheapskate ) do n't buy it , just do n't .

-1
i ca n't say i hated it because for the first day , it worked .
then , bottoms up !
the battery died , the screen went out and just about everything you can think of went bad .
however the purchaser i bought it from ( betamacs ) was extremely punctual and courteous about the situation .
they took it back and sent me another in replacement , a macbook ( on which i am writing this review ) .
i paid the difference to upgrade and if i should need to purchase a used mac again , i would not hesitate to work with this seller again .

-1
for the first three weeks that i spent with my beautiful , shiny , new sony vaio , all was bliss .
the unit was lightweight and stylish , the processor speedy - all in all , a favorable first impression.unfortunately , this relationship quickly turned sour .
three weeks after purchase , six of the ( non-adjacent , non-function keys ) suddenly stopped working .
i tried every software/os troubleshooting option available on sony 's customer support website to no avail .
i spent an hour and a half on the phone with sony 's script-reading , eager-to-help but not particularly useful technical support , but , alas , the relationship that hard started so promisingly now took an ugly turn.so now , i sit with a $ 1300 ( +tax ) paperweight while i wait for sony to send me a box in which i can ship my 3-week old machine back to them for repair ( note , sony does not offer local repair as an option for notebooks under warranty .
they do offer the option of 'on-site ' repair , which they 'll happily provide you for only $ 150 ) .in short , if you 're looking for reliability and effective , rapid , helpful customer service , you may be best served by looking elsewhere for your notebook computing needs .

-1
i have bought about 11 sony vaio laptops for myself and family .
my eldest still working with his factory fitted battery although with very short time , but enough for changing from wall plug.after 1 1/2 year the fz140e/s battery stopped without any warning thanks to an special internal device controlling the electrical flow .
i am so disappointed that a never again considered buying another sony viao computer .

-1
i bought this laptop ( tx1000 ) a bit over a year ago .
i loved it in the beginning , i thought it was a great little laptop , until i started having problems with the wireless connection a few months ago ... i found no solution to that ( even with hp technical support ) , it just comes and goes , so i got a usb wireless adapter .
i thought that would be the end of my problems , but today it failed to boot ... i am reading here that this is common and that the laptop eventually dies .
i have read a lot of comments from users that have the same exact problem .
i am very very disappointed .
i expected more from hp .
avoid this computer .

-1
it is a just-so-so laptop .
the keyboard is not as good as ibm thnkpad t40 .
the worst thing is that if you order from lenovo you may receive a laptop with defective pixels .
lenovo will not repair or replace it unless you have more than five dead pixels .
return is subject to 15 % restocking fee .
horrible customer service !
rude representative !
i bought tens of desktop and laptop computers from dell and never got any lcd display with a single dead pixel .
however , my first purchase from lenovo ( x61 ) ended up with a lcd display with dead pixels .

-1
i had the computer and it worked like a champ until the mobo died on me .
i ended up replacing it for $ 35 dollars and the computer works fine again .
if you get a refurbished you may be okay .

-1
my experience with this laptop is similar to the ones in the other reviews .
i had far too many issues with this laptop .
tons actually .
from the motherboard going out , over heating , screen not turning on , wireless stopped working .
i would have it fixed .
then 2 weeks later , same issues .
hp finally sent me a `` refurbished '' one , which worked for about 1 month , than the same exact thing ... .i now actually have the dv6000 and i have not had one single issue .
it 's bigger , larger ram , and i 'll have it until the wheels fall off , so to speak ... .so , not out of hate or dislike for hp , but do not purchase this product , especially with no warranty , because i feel confident enough to say you will have similar issues and wish you went with your gut feeling ...

-1
pros : - price- design ( white ) cons : - drivers for windows xp not available- weight and size ( my god it 's heavy )

-1
i have just returned the second mbp for defects .
first one had couple of keys on keyboard with some scratches and super drive was some what loud .
the second one had some issue with mouse cursor freezing up .
especially when i 'm using photoshop to zoom in and out ( or other quick key function ) , it would freeze and lose control over what i wanted to do.i should have kept the first one if i had know that second one would have more serious issue .
anyways , what i have learned is that apple do not have the best qa and bit disappointed .
i 'm now without a laptop until amazon send me a replacement .
hopefully next one will be a decent one .

-1
this is a product that is incredibly overpriced , and simply is n't worth the money .
you can buy the same hardware in a computer that is $ 500- $ 600 from dell.com look at the inspiron or business lines to see what i mean .
i got my dell computer with 4gb ram , 260gb hd , 15in screen , and a 2.6ghz penryn cpu for $ 200 less then this .
it 's simply insane to buy this unless you for some reason , have to have the apple operating system.apple has created a cult of people who have fallen into the trap of paying for a computer , that although works well , is one that with the same amount of money , you could get a far better computer .

-1
nothing was packed or in original packing , the power adapter having some starches and remote was used .
they said it open box but i think if u want the open box better buy it from apple ( refurbish one ) they will do better job the amazon .

-1
you will read a lot of good reviews about this product .
if i had written one when i first got this machine , mine would have been good too .
i have owned this tablet for about a year and a half now .
i want to love it .
in fact , i do love it , when it is working properly , but it breaks over and over and over .
here is a list of parts that i have had replaced on my x61 , in a year and half of normal use : -power cord-battery-plastic bezel around the screen-plastic door that holds in the hard drive-hinge ( kind of critical for a tablet ) -hard drive-motherboardbad engineering or just a lemon ?
who knows .
but the minute something breaks out of warranty , i will be replacing this with another brand .

-1
i ordered a computer and it worked for 2 weeks and crashed .
i would recommend just going with a new laptop .

-1
after having the laptop for only two ( 2 ) days , the unit could not be powered up due to unknown reasons .
after contacting the company , the outcome was to return the unit for maintenance .

-1
this is a slow machine , the webcam is not working all the times and the dvd freezes .
contacting hp via phone you get connected somewhere else in the world and when you are asking for help via the chat up line , they are telling you to update the bios yourself !
even though the machine is a month old and still under warranty !

-1
this was really a very good system for me until 4 months back .
first its battery dried out and when i replaced it , i am seeing constant issues with my display .
it hangs anytime , if i try to start laptop it restarts many times , even sometimes it blacks out automatically .
having horrible experience now with this laptop .

-1
the battery falls out of this laptop whenever you pick it up .
i took the first one back thinking it was broken but come to find out it is the way they are made .
since i had purchased this one specificaly for the portibility i am not happy about this feature which seems to me would have been very easy to prevent .
i have to duck tape the battery in in order to move from place to place .
does n't that look nice ?
our previous laptop was a tobisha and i wish now i had purchased a new tobisha instead

-1
this laptop runs extremely hot and hp refuses to recognize it 's flaws .
the wireless card cooks itself and stops working and the mother board overheats until it just does not work anymore .
if most people get one year out of this laptop they are doing good .
the cooling system is not adaquate for this laptop .
it is a design flaw .
save your money and find something that runs cool and performs well for years .
as a note , i have used hp desktops for years and they run great .

-1
i use my laptop for work so it has to cope with a very large email database and do regular word , excel and ppt.compared to the lower spec laptop running xp that it replaced this machine is way too slow .
i ca n't blame hp for vista but i hold them responsible for letting something out of the factory with such poor performance .
it never takes less than 5 seconds to open a window to create a new mail message , then another 5 seconds to open up the contact list.. another five seconds to close the window to place the message in the outbox .
multiply that by 100 emails a day and see if you can tolerate it.the tablet is unusable for taking notes.apart from that it is a great .
lightweight , good battery life and two batteries , good keyboard , good touchpad .
all of which is no compensation for its slow operation.my recommendation : do n't buy this machine .. and if you can avoid it do n't bother with vista

-1
i own a tx1220us for a week now and i find it useless to habdwriting recognition .
also , i 'm very disapointed by the poor battery life of this notebook .
you can not even watch a whole movie on a power saver profile.very disapointing.i also had to upgrade the bios since it was impossible to write on the screen .
i had to push it so hard that i thought that i would break it .
hp support was very nice and assertive .
it solved the issue , but it 's simply not productive to use it to store handwritting as text.it also feels heavier than it looks like.be carefull

-1
i totally agree with richard d. unholz .
i bought mine from antonline after placing the order with amazon first but they were out of stock .
i am now expressing my dissatifaction with antonline since i have been trying to return the product 1 week now and although going through the necessary procedures they still have not sent me the rma .
i phoned them and the sent me back to their website .
the pc is missing some key specs from the one i ordered .
guys be careful stay away from this company .
you do not want to pay 3000 plus and its not worth it because the company itself ripped you off and they wont even respond to you email .
i wish amazon could step in and do something cause all i want is exactly what i paid for or my money back if its out of stock .
one would think that the service for a high priced machine would be better .
again guys stay away from antonline .

-1
none of these has 800mhz .
if you check the vista homepage , you will find that to get the full visual and performance effect of aero technology ( what vista is good for ) you need a video ( graphics ) card with at least 128mg discrete memory and a procesor with 800mhz fsb .
toshiba does offer those , just not on any i have read the tech for at amazon.com

-1
we bought 2 of the toshiba s4697 .
the first arrived with a defective power adapter/battery charger .
toshiba would n't ship one directly to us when amazon asked them to .
we had to contact toshiba ourselves .
toshiba wanted us to give their support person ( in phillipines ) our credit card # so they could charge us and send the replacement power adapter .
idiots , to loose a sale just because toshiba did n't trust us to send the defective power adapter back without charging for a replacement first , at our expense no less .
amazon worked extremely hard to rectify the problem with toshiba , but had to have us return the entire computer for a complete refund.we also bought a sony camera that has a memory card that the s4697 is supposed to be able to read .
the toshiba only has a 3 card reader instead of 5 card and ca n't read the sony card when toshiba states it will .
amazon was nice enough to send us a 5 card reader for free.the second toshiba has n't had any problems as of august 3 , 2007 ( 3 weeks ago ) when we fired it up .
we do n't like the fact that in 3 weeks the price has gone down $ 60 .
i guess toshiba is dumping this one.microsoft windows vista on the toshiba s4697 -- my opinon is that vista is a joke .
now you have to go to about 6 different places to change 1 setting , the changes are just bells and whistles .
soon the overwriting of software commands will bring us back to how it was when we had to type all those dos commands to do 1 simple thing .
software now needs better hardware , uses more memory and drive space too !
all to do the same thing it did before .
keeps us updating and the money wheel turning i guess ...

-1
i am having the same problem , and i just got mine 3 days ago now .
it got a blank screen 3 times now , and the only way for me to repair it is pushing down on the power button and forcing it to shut down .
after that , i can restart it again.i bought this notebook laptop to go to college with , but i do n't think it 's very reliable .
i do n't know what i 'm going to do .
i 'm going to call toshiba tech support , but i 've read at many places that people are still getting the same `` blank '' screen problem even after updating and installing the bios and graphics card .
if the tech and support are just going to tell me to update the bios or update the graphics card , then i 'm not even going to try it and return it.i leave for college in just 3 days , so i seriously need a laptop that will last me for about 4-5 years , and longer than that.do n't buy this laptop , because as i have read through many websites and support forums , it seems that a lot of these laptops of toshiba are having this problem .
either than the blank screen problem , the laptop works perfectly fine.but if i 'm going to be writing a very important paper and then it goes to a blank screen , i will definitely be angry if that happened .
i think i 'm going to go for an hp , sony , or buy a dell laptop instead .
the brands that are the most reliable .
i thought toshiba was a reliable and good brand to buy from , but i was wrongly informed .
i really think they should have a recall on these products .

-1
baught this computer 7 months ago and has already crapped out telling me windows has been stopped to prevent farther damage to your computer .
then goies on to tell me to uninstall software , and run virus scan now you would think that would be easy however they way it stopped windows you ca n't even reformat the stupid computer .
was a really great computer but now makes a shiny paper weight .
if you plan on using this computer longer than a year it is not the computer for you .
very low frame rate so not very good for any games either .
basically if you just want to do homework and business work this computer is good otherwise just pass this computer by that is my recomindation .

-1
i purchased my dv9500 in aug 2007 .
we really loved it while it was in warranty because it ran great .
3 months out of warranty , the motherboard died .
i sent it back to hp for repair and tried to get some sort of discount or satisfaction from hp since it was only 3 months out of warranty .
there response was basicly 'tough luck ' , but no help .
i paid over $ 1300 for this new from hp and i expected a lot more from it than just 1 yr of operating .
hp 's attitude has ruined their reputation with me .
so when this one breaks down again i will go with any other brand but certainly not another hp .

-1
this laptop performed adequately for 2 1/2 years .
then the screen died .
acer wanted $ 200 to fix/replace it , so i bought an external monitor instead .
i used it for a few weeks and now the computer has completely crashed .
since purchasing it i have found that acer has a poor record for reliability over time .
my experience certainly corroborates that .

-1
i received this laptop for work use .
at first i was happy with the performance .
as time went on , i became very frustrated with it.the first problem is the fact that the power cord fails .
i have had to trade my power cord in 4 times in the last year because it has failed .
my colleagues have had to do the same .
if i had to pay for the power cord myself , i would have spent a lot of money .
this is very frustrating.the other flaw is the video .
i am not sure if this is the driver or the hardware , but i find myself constantly moving the screen back and forth ( open to close ) in order to see the screen .
what happens is that the screen will occasionally have lines through it that impedes the view .
i ca n't see anything .
sometimes it comes back , but on other occasions , i have to reboot.on a positive note , i like the feel of the keyboard .
it feels very sturdy.i hope this helps .

-1
a quick note .
this is a nice laptop , good for school and so on .
the problem is that it does not connect to a lan/internet .
the problem ( surprise ) is vista , not the machine , per se .
i have spent the last 3 hours going over the discussions on the net and have tried perhaps 10 `` fixes '' , from the m $ approach of changing the power settings to mucking about with internal stuff thru the cmd.exe .
nothing , nada.before buying any laptop/notebook with vista installed , please do yourself a favor and do a search on `` vista , connect , internet '' and see for yourself.the wise user wo n't go near an operating system till service pack 1 .
you really do n't want to beta test for microsoft.as it is , i will fool around with it for a day more and then attempt to return it for an xp equipped version .
failing that , i 'll load xp and dump vista .

-1
i love the laptop but i agree with other people : sony should allow xp downgrade and also should not load all of those unneccessary software .
it takes forever to unistall them

-1
every once in a while , i get the blue screen of death with an error that reads something like irql_not_less_or_equal .
neither microsoft nor sony were able to provide a solution to the problem .
micrsofot support asked me to install an untested hotfix while sony just asked me to perform a system recovery that erases the hard drive and reinstalls the original software as it came from the factory.therefore , i spent hours and hours reinstalling sofwtare and uninstall the large amounts of pre-installed software ( impressive ... most likely will not buy a sony vaio again just because of this ) .
with no success.the notebook continues posting the blue screen of dead with the same error .
guess what ?
no solution found yet.it is not a problem of this specific configuration .
my wife owns a vgn-sz450 and does the same mistake .
i imagine it is the combination of vaio and vista business.used to be sony fan owning tv , photo camera , video camera , notebooks , etc .
but this time sony failed : an expensive and inefficient notebook indeed .

-1
bought this from amazon just because it is lightweight and has a processor and a video card tha might be powerful enough to run my graphic intensive modeling .
after using it for several days , i found two things to share with you:1 .
processor : the computer properties has a processor information of t7700 2.4ghz ( which is right for this model ) , but the device manager-processor shows t7500 2.2ghz .
i was surpsised when i first saw this , and called sony .
the tech gave me a long email address to download a new driver to solve the problem .
sony should put this in its update list.2.memory upgrade : i bought 2x2gb ocz pc2-5400 cas-555 trying to replace 2x1gb hynix ( original ) pc2-5300 cas-555 .
but the bios only gives 3gb .
( my sony vgn-nr180 bios shows the right 4gb memory . )
the sony tech said pc2-5400 is the wrong spec , only pc2-5300 is right .
ridiculous .
they are all the same but marketing by different manufacturers .
right now i 'm struggling with different memories .

-1
i guess i 'm lucky that it 's just dying now ... .it it 's fifth year .
but actually , it started last year with the hard disk crashing and me losing a lot of data ... guess i forgot about that.for me , the death signal is the hard disk that 's rattling and crashing -- along with the hot hot wrist supports ... this pup 's overheating !
i now just slam the computer down on the counter to engage the hd stabilization ... .it actually worked one time .
i do n't care.what drove me insane with this computer , is the long long processing times to boot , to shut down ... and all the bloat ware that i removed as best i could .
i got so frustrated i would just cut the power off ... '' there ya bastud !
`` ... but it showed me , and crashed.but this was a pretty machine with `` cutting edge '' hardware when i bought it and paid a premium ( $ 2300 ) at the time .
my rationale ... it 'll last and allow me to keep pace with tech .
innovation that 'll leave cheaper models in the dust .
i would have been accurate if the machine held up since in fact , it still looks really sharp ... sony anticipated the `` ultrabook '' trend in terms of looks and some functionality ... but created a monster -- a hybrid of old stuff masquerading as the future.my new strategy ... for the work i do ... write and surf and watch of few news vids online ... cheap is the way to go ... like 400 cheap ... why spend 800 ?
1200 ?
unless you do tasks that really demand processing power ... if it last 3 years , i 'm ahead of the curve and get new hardware down the road .

-1
the notebook is gorgeous with a thin led screen , brushed metal palmrest , and carbon fiber hood.sony sold the consumer down the river by allowing every imaginable bloatware to be installed on this pc .
uninstalling them by the normal method will take hours and even then your machine will still be slow because you still have residual registray files everywhere.there are threads devoted entirely on how to do a complete clean install on this machine .
dont even get me started on the sony support site.the only other choice in the 13inch , 4lb market is the dell m1330 .
while in raw beauty , it does not offer the same look as the sony , it has other redeeming qualities such slot loading drive , presentation remote , less bloatware , and an hdmi connection.the choice is up to you ultimately .
i 'll still keep my sz6 .

-1
agree that the t61p has many positive attributes as far as build quality and performance but the lcd screens on thinkpads any more are just horrible .
just check some of the thinkpad forums and you will see all the complaints about narrow viewing angles , terrible contrast , light bleeding on the top and bottom , and washed out colors .
this is the one weak link on the thinkpads since lenovo took over from ibm is the cheap lcd screens .
i was more then a little surprised when i received my t61p to see how much worse the screen was compared to my prior thinkpads .
i have decided after all these years using thinkpads to look elsewhere for my next laptop .

-1
i 've got the t61p , ws 1920x1600 , extended battery , 100gb hdd , 4gb ram , winxp sp2.impressive hardware configuration , fast wireless , looks & keyboard as every thinkpad - great.the good stuff ends here , however.- sometimes the touchpad refuses to let me move the moust pointer.. i can tap to click/doubleclick , i can scroll , but i can not move the mouse pointer .
does n't get fixed until i restart windows.. must be a windows driver bug..- most of the times i go to standby or just close the lid , the laptop decides to switch only to external monitor , at native resolution 1920x1600 .
the latop screen remains blank .
also , the external monitor is not set at its normal resolution , but the laptop decides to use its native resolution of 19200x1600 , no matter whether that monitor can support the resolution or not , or whether the second monitor has a different default resolution .
fn-f7 does n't help in that case .
when i go to display-settings , it shows me that my primary monitor ( screen # 1 ) is the external monitor .
if i extent my monitor to screen # 2 , i get a picture at the laptop as well.- the virtual desktops is a great feature.. until it crashes .
then you can not even do alt-tab - just nothing happens.. you can not even click from one window to another - the old window remains on top ... - volume control buttons - they are completely software buttons , like f1 and etc .
keys.. this means that if you 're in a remote-desktop window , when you press these keys nothing happens- your volume is not being changed.. this also means that when your laptop is busy , pressing the volume keys takes time to be acknowledged by windows ... and this also means , these keys are only valid in windows.. what a bummer..- trying to connect to a wireless spot - if you turn off the radio ( wireless ) and then turn it back on.. it takes a lot of time to get back up.. and if you 've made the terrible mistake to press on the connect button more than once the following happens - you wait to get connected , you connect , then you get disconnected so you can try the connection again ... ... this repeats as many times as you have pressed the connect ... - sometimes when i try to switch to standby - the laptop goes to standby but then immediatelly starts back up by itself.. these are default settings i 'm talking here.. nothing is waking up the laptop..- second week of use , with hardrive active protection system active , i got bad sectors on the disk.. normal usage , nothing fancy , no hot/cold temperatures..all in all , the only thing i ave not have problems with was the keyboard ( apart from the sound controls ) , the power on/off button ( it is better than what t30 had ) , and the screen - nice , bright big screen.but , video card drives , touchpad drivers , hard drive , memory - all crap .
have n't tried the bluetooth.. wireless is fast.thanks but no-thanks !
my t30 wsa 100 times better laptop than this one.the difference you ask ?
ibm thinkpad vs lenovo thinkpad.be careful what you wish for as this lenovo thinkpad may not be quality that you would expect from a thinkpad .

-1
i purchased a new t61p in 2008 .
the first one i received would n't boot .
it blue screened over and over and had to be returned for a replacement .
two year later the battery died and i found out that there had been a recall on that type of battery .
now my motherboard is dead .
it was a good computer when it was working .

-1
i have not used the computer , but have two co-workers who have .
one of them said that it is a work horse but nothing fancy , the other absolutely hated it.my own experience is with lenovo customer service because i had to return the one i bought , and it is absolutely the worst i have ever encountered .
they would promise to do something on the phone but take no action , and when problems occur , they would not take responsiblity .
when i argued my points , they hung up on me , and proceded to not answer my call ( there is not technical difficulty , since the phone would be ringing , but nobody would pick up ) .
after calling for the 20th time , i had it up to here with them.so , buy the computer only if you are sure you wo n't need customer service .
seriously though , you could get a lot more `` bells and whistles '' for less price with other brands .

-1
thinkpad has had a venerable history since the mid-90s .
for a long time there was no equal .
it was n't around the time of the 60-series versions that i began to realize how this was no longer true.pro- brand name , serious-business looksequals- has a great feeling keyboard- although by this time it has been matched and even exceeded by other business-notebook brands ( i.e .
hp 6910p ) cons- still overpriced relative to competitorsdeep flaws-1 .
crap hinges : see those little gray squares on the bottom of the screen ?
they 're supposed to be hinges but after opening and closing the lid hundreds of times two things can happen : ( 1 ) they slowly weaken until breaking when you increase the angle of the opening too wide [ in my z61m ] or ( 2 ) they stiffen to the chassis and get semi-stuck .
if you absentmindedly push it open- again a break and a screen that does n't stand up by itself [ in this model , my t61 ] 2 .
overheating : in this model , my t61 , a overheating problem became prevalent- the computer logs off and goes on standby at irregular times because its gotten too hot !
this is common according to a google search that reveals people desperately posting on forums for a solution .
tpfancontrol , a free software made by a third-party amateur helps the problem inadvertently by making the fan run more liberally .
but its a haphazard solution where a problem should n't exist in the first place.conclusion : i 'm amazed people still buy into the thinkpad brand thinking its something special .
relative to competitors they were at the top of the game in the late 90s and early 2000s , but nowadays they are not some super high-quality brand leader .
when will people realize this ?
or maybe they just like that high-class no-frills big-business look .

-1
although i paid very little for this item , i had hoped to at least receive what i was told that i would get .
i was very reluctant to give this review because i was so disappointed .
when i first received it , i was excited .
yes it was older than i 'd hoped but i did expect the internal components to be what i wanted and needed .
within two weeks of receiving this notebook .
i began seeing warning messages , saying that my windows 7 was fake .
i was told that i may be a victim of a counterfeit application of windows 7 .
soon after , updates and drivers would not update .
i deal with the unit shutting it 's self off without warning .
this happens when there is full power and is not over heated .
the mouse has it 's own mind and moves at random or not at all .
letters stick and make typing difficult to do when speed and accuracy are needed .
since this had been purchased to replace an older laptop ( this is much older ) to be used for school and work , my experiences have been more than problematic .
i contacted the seller and there are several email back and forth to each other .
i was give options of course .
i could return it , and receive a replacement desktop or get a disk to remove the windows 7 ( ? )
.
i was told that i was mistaken , and that there could not possibly be windows 7 on this notebook because the description did not promise to include it .
i was also told that a mistake had been made and that this unit should never have been mailed to me .
really !
!
!
?
?
?

-1
this system received a two from on one premise : onboard video card .
a lack of `` true '' video card causes this laptop to be useful no more than basic video , lackluster gaming , and a slue of other graphically non-intensive operations .
if you are looking to buy this for a student , stay clear .
this laptop would be fine for limited business applications ( office suites and email for example ) , that is about all .

-1
it is a good notebook with around 5.75 lb wt.it comes with vista home .
i could not upgrade it to vista ultimate as sony does not have supporting drivers for this model and it has no plan of developing them .
i 'm very upset and dissappointed by this as i can not run few application softwares.sony should make this public so that people can decide before buying the product .

-1
i had this lenovo product for two years and in the first year the hard drive died and i had to send it in to be fixed .
the second year the samething happen and the operating system went out as well .
it took lenovo 3 months to tell me if they were going to fix it .
they never did and exchanged it for a better pc with a brand name that i heard off .
i will stay away from lenovo products because they do n't last long and it is a waste of money .

-1
i diid not like it , i thing that you should explain the condition when is for sale.not after , from 1 to 10= 4

-1
i bought this used as a gift for a friend .
the service was absolutely outstanding and i appreciate all that the seller did for me to get it shipped quickly and even included a birthday greeting .
however , according to the recipient , the product does not work at all .
he says the battery was dead and wo n't charge , there was no video or sound card and it does not hook up to the internet ... .
i do n't really know what to think .
he lives in florida .
i live in utah so i ca n't look at it myself .
i still give a thumbs up to the seller though .
and maybe my friend is just an idiot who does n't know how to run a laptop ... .
lol

-1
i received this laptop for work use .
at first i was happy with the performance .
as time went on , i became very frustrated with it.the first problem is the fact that the power cord fails .
i have had to trade my power cord in 4 times in the last year because it has failed .
my colleagues have had to do the same .
if i had to pay for the power cord myself , i would have spent a lot of money .
this is very frustrating.the other flaw is the video .
i am not sure if this is the driver or the hardware , but i find myself constantly moving the screen back and forth ( open to close ) in order to see the screen .
what happens is that the screen will occasionally have lines through it that impedes the view .
i ca n't see anything .
sometimes it comes back , but on other occasions , i have to reboot.on a positive note , i like the feel of the keyboard .
it feels very sturdy.i hope this helps .

-1
pros : size , light weight , fast ( if you install a new operating system ) cons : battery does n't last more than an hour if you 're using the computer for anything other than typing a paper .
not sure what the light is for ... comes with vista .
keyboard is hard to use .
my thumbs hit the touchpad while typing and it causes the cursor to jump .
very annoying .
xp drivers are incomplete and no support for vista 64bit or xp 64bit .
speakers are crap.thoughts : i 've had this laptop for 6months now .
i started to get the blue screen of death with vista every time the computer would come out of hibernation .
this prompted me to install xp .
i now have no sound and none of my keyboard function keys work.it has a great feel when you 're at the store trying to size it up against other laptops , but when it comes to getting work done and using it daily , it does n't cut it.update : sony updated the bios and their xp drivers work now .
battery life is a lot better with xp installed .
still trying to figure out how to disable the light on the front and get the function keys to work .

-1
hp has very poor service .
be prepared to spend plenty of time on hold with people that have little technical knowledge .
you will be dealing with support on a different continent .
they are friendly , but not very knowledgeable and have not been taught to take initiative on resolving problems .
their first is suggestion will be to try to reformat your disk .
i 've spent hours on the phone with hp service and twice was told a case manager would call me on the next business day .
a month later , no one has called .

-1
i bought an hp pavilion dv6662se witn all the features advertised by amazon .
i bought it together with the pergus case .
both arrived well.i turned on the laptop ... beautiful it worked !
!
!
so nice so ... new !
!
!
i was thrilled !
!
!
but oh taugh luck ... half of the software supposely advertised would n't work ; th hp total care advisor was n't properly installed , i contacted the hp support center and they told me that unfortunately there was n't any possibility to download the program or worse no way to buy it ; so i had to download it from one of those `` unofficial freeware site '' and fortunately it did work !
!
!
but not thank to amazone or hp ... # 2 ... the buit-in webcam never work i know i need a software or driver for it from hp , but teir help would n't work and i 'm still struggleling to make it fuctional ... # 3 , the wi fi conncection ... it came disable from the box and for one reason or another i cound't make it work , even with the very kind help of the hp guy who was on online help support trying to tell me what to do .
i 'm not a computer wiz ' but i work with them all the time.in the laptop it self , there is no enough print information , like a good instruction manual , the html help in the machine not always correspond with what you have in your hands .
in a nut shell : this laptop should be a hell of a good machine , even with the nightmare of window vista home premium ... ( it suks !
!
! )
but people from amazon should have technitians to make sure that the product they advertise and sell are in 100 % working conditions ( you ca n't returned it if you oponed the box !
!
!
and how in the world are you going to guess that the software or your product is not working if you do n't open the box ?
?
? )
product ( lap top ) : could be very nice if it is well configurated .
amazon : do n't buy expensive stuff if you can not touch it , and tried .
once your purchase is in your hands ... you 're on your own ...

-1
pro 's : - ambient light sensor -- adjusts the brightness of your screen by how bright your environment is ( brighter for daylight , dimmer for darkness ) .con 's : - horrible keyboard layout -- del , home , pgup , pgdn , and end are clustered in a straight column all the way on the right .
you have to read the label on each key before pressing it .
makes navigation a chore .
i must have pressed end a hundred times when i meant to press the pgdn key.- keys stick -- pressing the spacebar slightly off-center will cause it to not register the keystroke and it squeaks when pressing .
the right arrow key needs to be pressed hard .
it 's just uncomfortable to use.- no 'screen off ' key -- sometimes i like to turn off the display to conserve battery power without closing the lid .
ca n't do it on this laptop.- difficult volume controls -- the volume up/down , mute , and a few other controls are on a thermal strip above the keyboard that is difficult to use and slow to register .
adjusting the volume is a major pain !
i use the speaker icon in the system tray instead.- noisy fan -- if you 've ever owned a dell desktop ( especially their home series ) , you 'll know what i mean when i say it sounds like a jet engine about to take off .
it tends to 'get hot ' over the simplest operations , causing the fan to speed up and make a loud whistling noise.- heavy- screen resolution is just 1280x800 -- should be a lot higher .
with realestate-hogging apps ( like office 2007 with its ribbon ) , 800 lines of vertical resolution is just not enough.overall , i would not recommend this notebook or any of its successors ( since they have pretty much the same physical characteristics ) .
i have owned ( i.e .
been issued ) several laptops ranging from the original compaqs to ibm thinkpads and dell latitudes .
this is by far the worst laptop i 've worked on .
it seems like it was designed by a bunch of desktop users that do n't have to use a laptop .

-1
i paid 1800.00 for this notebook .
i expected something that was worth every penny because all the apple products i purchased in the past , i would have paid double what i paid , because the design and functionality is so nice and it 's a quality product .
the new macbook pro 15.4 inch does look nice , is high quality made , etc.pros:1.mousepad is very cool.2.design is very nice .
it is pretty light.3.sound is pretty good.4.magnetic battery plug is awesome.5.battery life is amazing and can be charged 1000 times.6.slot-loading dvd drive is great.7.keypad is pretty nice and backlit.8.fantastic quality icamera.cons : the reasons i am returning this product.1.when you type in wordpad , and try to print it , it is so small not even a magnifying glass could fix .
i tried messing around with the word wrap and stuff , but with the price of this notebook , this is not right.2.price3.latch on back is almost too easy to open and get to the hard drive , etc.4.only 2 usb ports , what are they thinking ?
5.no hdmi port6.hardly any products are made for mac still , they are all windows only.7.text in safari is very hard to read just like textedit.i 've read all the reviews on the laptop and i feel that most people are just mac fanboys and do n't give honest reviews .
i am not one sided when it comes to computers because we have apple and microsoft products and i love them both for their own reasons .
i am just disappointed with this macbook pro because , while the performance is pretty good , the cons far outweigh the pros for this notebook .
i am getting a dell xps 16 which has like 4 usb ports , hdmi port , backlit keyboard , leather on the casing , finger scanner , protective case , hd screen .
it just makes much more sense to get more quality of a product and have more things work with it .
i paid about 1300.00 for the dell xps 16 and i paid 1800.00 for the macbook pro .
while apple makes great products , dell 's laptops feel just as nice for a much lower price .
maybe in the future mac will fix a few issues and more things will work with it .
until that time , i am sticking with windows .
ps ( this is an unbiased review , so read it with confidence that you are getting honest feedback ) .
god loves you .

-1
no doubt there are some great improvements on this model over the previous model .
this includes a much better graphics card , a user replaceable hard drive , larger hard drive options , faster processor , and front side bus.however , there is one glaringly ( literally ) huge oversight on the design of this computer -- that of the glossy-only option on the display .
if you use this machine in front of windows , or near florescent lights , you will be faced with huge white bands of glare no matter how you position the machine .
for a `` pro '' computer to not offer a non-glossy display ( matte ) option is unacceptable .
this is the kind of feature you would find on a consumer notebook , not a `` pro '' line.sure , it 's pretty , but at some point basic function must take priority over visual appeal.i 've returned mine and i have ordered the previous generation macbook pro for my upgrade .
hopefully by the time it needs to be replaced apple has come to their senses and introduces a real `` pro '' notebook .

-1
product too slow .
vista needs min .
of 1gig of ram and thats all this computer has .
i thoght toshiba would lighten up on the software to run vista but i guess when are going backwards in technology .

-1
in general a good laptop , but has a few problems .
first it has a firmware problem that does n't let you burn cd 's with itunes ( when you try you get a 2131 error message ) and the people at toshiba have not shown any intention of solving it ( dell laptop using the same drive had this problem but dell solved it months ago ) .
also the modem does n't seem to work right , when trying to connect to dial up i have to uninstall it and then re install it in order for it to connect .
no solution from toshiba either .
also battery life is lousy ( about one hour in power saver mode ) .
so if you are an itunes user , are planning to use dial up or use your computer on the move , this laptop is probably not the best computer for you .
other than that it is a good computer for non advanced users .

-1
the computer is ok , it sometimes crashes and turns itself off .
the problem is the os , vista sucks , i am going to have to change it to xp , and i am sure it will fly .
but this guys from microsoft sure are ripping us off big time .

-1
i was frankly very disappointed by this computer .
the speed and battery time is ok .
but the keyboard has a very low quality feel to it - it is very `` loose '' - feels very cheap .
also the web camera is terrible .
i use skype a bit and everyone tells me i have an awful camera .
finally the microphone is also low quality - i have had to buy an extra headset otherwise people ca n't hear me.i would pay a couple of hundred extra for a dell

-1
software-wise , this laptop came with a huge amount of extra , redundant bloatware .
i spent all day uninstalling it only to find out that some sony software needs to remain in order for key features to work .
you also get the usual bugs and crashes associated with windows.hardware-wise , it 's pretty solid .
it 's the heaviest laptop i 've ever owned , but it 's also the quietest .
when working with pictures , the screen is more blue than other lcd screens i 've used , so i use a calibration tool to compensate for it .
battery life is awful .
after only a few months of use , i now get about 20 minutes of web surfing.cosmetically , this is another disappointment .
the trackpad has worn down after only a few months , along with the button paint and body paint , leaving black spots all over the case.overall , i expected more from a company like sony .
i thought paying more for something high-end was a good thing , but it turns out that this laptop is not so `` high-end '' .
my former experience with hewlett packard was much more positive , although my next purchase will probably be an apple for the higher satisfaction ratings .

-1
i got this laptop for $ 299 when they did the rounds of customer vote thing .
i would not pay more then that for it , and if i did i would be very disappointed !
the u key is not attched to the keyboard and im constantly trying to get it back on .
not a fan of vista either .
the monitor is heavier then the keyboard base part although that doesnt really affect anything .
cooling fan is very loud !
once this one dies im going back to dell or sony

-1
its been 1 year and 9 month since i bougth from here for 900usd , now its even more expensive ... pros : its fast and powerfulllooks nice , nice designmany feauters ( finger print , lightscribe , tablet pc ) nice touchpad and an ok keyboard.cons : really hot , after 5 or 10 mins it will burn ur leg.with the battery on its as heavy as a 17inches laptopand the biggest problem i had , 2 month ago , the big heat that makes killed my video , i had black screen when i tried to turn on my laptop , but there is a solution to this with a penny on the nvidia chip beacuse of the bad design , its easy to fix it , but you have to open all your computer to fix it .
just search tx1305 problems and you will know what i mean .

-1
i bought my hp pavilion about a year and a half ago .
my wonderful toshiba had finally died and i read all the reviews and took all the `` which laptop is right for me ? ''
quizes and decided this laptop had it all for such a great price ... pphhhoooeeyyy .
this laptop has 2 design flaws , the plug in cord is next to the disc drive so that unless you turn your computer a certain way , every time you open the disc drive or close it , your electrical cord is in the way .
that is not nearly so annoying as the little slidy sensor on the right of the mouse pad .
it senses the heat or light change from your hand hovering over as you type and jumps the mouse to different positions on the page .
this is very frustrating , especially if you have typed quite a bit before checking your work .
you can disable the mouse while typing , but then when you do want to move your cursor , you have to turn it back on.the battery has never lasted more than 1.5 hours and now lasts 5 minutes .
since circuit city went under , i am supposed to mail it in and wait 4-6 weeks for my replacement .
also , i do not like vista at all , it is annoying , non-compaptible and difficult to work with .
another problem with this computer is that i have to reset the dispay settings every day ... today i did what i never thought i would do , i bought a mac ... will let you all know , but i have always `` been a pc '' uptil now .

-1
i have researched this sony vaio vgn-ux490n to see what improvements it has over the vgn-ux390n ( which i own ) .
for roughly $ 900 more , you do n't get a lot .
the new intel u2200 processor has a slower clock speed and only half the cache of the u1500 ( in the 390n ) .
this may account for the battery power savings but at what cost ?
the flash drive is 18 gb larger than the 390n - but is that really worth $ 900 ?
keep your drive clean and buy a pro duo memory stick .
somebody let me know if i missed something here but this does n't appear to be significantly different than its predecessor and , as a result , is not a good value for your hard-earned money .

-1
in all honesty , i was really excited when i bought this laptop a few years ago , and it worked really well for me ( and this is why i 'm giving it two stars instead of one ) , for about two years .
i did notice excessive heating and fan noise when i ran games or movies on it , and i had to use a cooling pad at all times.then one day , with no warning , the graphics card failed .
my computer was left with a common 8 bit vga graphics adapter .
i looked for the fix , did the `` blowtorch the graphics card '' thing , and it did work .
for about a week .
now whenever i try to install nvidia drivers for the graphics card , the computer hangs on the windows logo at startup , and i have to go back and restore to pre-nvidia driver update.i found out that there is absolutely nothing i can do about this .
my warranty is expired and as far as i know hp refuses to deal with this problem .
i think there 's a lawsuit going on , but i 'm just fed up with not being able to do anything that demands graphics performance on my computer .

-1
i 'll keep this short and sweet .
**do your homework before ordering this tablet**i bought mine in 7/2009 and am on my 4th one .
yes , i have sent it back for repair or replacement three times , and am waiting for the shipping box to return this one as well , as this one came back from repair with defective touchscreen , non-working fingerprint reader , buzzing power supply and an sd card reader which is n't screwed in ( so it does n't line up with the frame ) .only hp could ship out such a pos.if this tablet pc actually worked as advertised it would be my dream notebook .
it does n't .
in fact , it does n't even come close.the problems which make this great idea a horrible notebook to own : -- the mouse cursor jumps to a certain point on the screen over and over ( sometimes clicking , which is always fun when that 'spot ' is over the x button ) .
the 'certain point ' varies by the notebook , sometimes it is lower left , some right , .. you get the idea .
add to this the makers of the touch panel , n-trig , have yet to make fully working drivers for any os .
n-trig , the company which tells you flat out that updating your tablet 's driver can render it irreparable.. and they mean it !
tons of people have had to return their tx2z to hp for replacement because the touch driver killed their tablet.
-- the power supply buzzes.. loudly !
the buzzing varies by how bright the screen is .
if you are superman and can see the screen turned all the way down , it is ignorable .
if you want to see your screen , it buzzes to no end .
if you want a bright screen , grab your ear plugs.
-- the fingerprint reader works.. sometimes .
more specifically , it works about ~25 % of the time .
the other 75 % of the time it completely ignores your finger swipes .
that , of course , is assuming the software does n't crash ( yes , even on a fresh install ) .
-- it 's a tablet , you can hold it at any angle.. you just ca n't see it at any angle !
the screen turns to a bright mush if you hold the tablet at any angle besides directly .
if you are drawing , or writing , and want to adjust for your hand position , you no longer get to see the screen because it washes out.if you really love this tablet , you can buy mine , just as soon as hp sends it back from repair.. for the fourth time .

-1
this is a decent computer , durable and runs smoothly for the most part .
the wireless card used is garbage and can not hold a signal to save it 's life and drops out constantly .
you will need to end up using a usb wireless adapter to use this computer for any internet purpose .
the dvd rom destroys dvd 's as far as i can tell , you put them in new to watch a film and get them back out scratched up like they were rubbed with brillo pads .

-1
i bought this xps m1330 in november 2007 .
fortunately , it had a three year on-site repair warranty .
the local repair guy got to know my receptionist pretty well for all the times he fixed this thing .
it 's either five lcd displays and four motherboards or four lcd displays and three motherboards , all under warranty .
i replaced the lcd display once myself.now , the 65w ac adapter is not recognized by the computer and does n't charge the battery , although a 90w after-market adapter works just fine .
pradeep , the dell tech service rep , says the motherboard is at fault .
i 'm not sure it 's worth the cost or trouble to replace the motherboard since the mtbf has been less than a year.except for having replaced most everything except the keyboard and hard drive , i really like the computer .
it 's the ideal size and weight for what i use it .
it looks good , i like the keyboard and display and it connects quickly to wifi networks .
it does run a little warm.too bad it 's not reliable .

-1
can really complain about a really cheap used laptop .
just was a bit disappointed i selected the laptop with the windows xp operating system and instead got vista with a windows xp installation disc .

-1
i have this laptop .
it 's great except an achilles ' heel which makes it unusable .
the right palm rest overheats to the point that the keyboard is not usable .
this is a well-known problem among x61 owners , and an open issue for lenovo , for which they have not fixed .
read the following pages before you buy this.
[ ... ] [ ... ] i 'd recommend staying away from this laptop unless you plan to1 ) never use wifi2 ) always bring an external usb keyboardthe same issue applies to x61 tablet pc .

-1
i brought it used from amazon , the screen broke within 3 weeks , i spoke to others , theirs had the same problem , the screens are old now and if buying used be careful .

-1
bought this used computer a couple of weeks ago .
do n't waste your money on a used laptop .
the slowest laptop ever !
i was surfing faster when i had dial up .
i cut my $ 150 loss and bought a new laptop .
lesson learned , you get what you pay for .

-1
could not connect to wireless network after 1 month of purchasing this laptop .
& # 34 ; brand new & # 34 ; battery and adapter was extremely hot for the 1st month , now it 's completely out !
!
!
!
!
!

-1
there 's plenty of good features to this laptop as you can see from the other reviews .
it has , however two flaws that you should know about:1. the right shift key is in a non standard place2 .
the sleep mode is basically useless - the laptop uses too much energy when it 's in sleep mode so it will shutdown ( without closing programs ) in just a few hours.the shift key issue can be fixed - google asus eee users forum for detailsthe sleep mode problem is a deal breaker for me .

-1
it gets hot in a few minutes , and sometimes have problem with the internal card reader .
emailed tech support twice .
no response .
the company can fire the tech support and reduce the price of the pc .
for the same price , i 'd buy a normal laptop which is much more powerful .

-1
i tried to like it .
i really did .
i tried to enjoy how small it was .
i tried to appreciate how light it was .
i adored the fact that it had an sd card slot built right in.all those things are great , but i had just come off a 6.4year love affair with a 600mhz g3 ibook .
that machine was my baby and it died .
i 'm poor and ca n't really afford much , so i tried to tell myself that it does n't matter what tools you use , it 's more of what you 're using those tools for .
not the case .
the standard os that the eee comes with can get annoying fast .
the advanced desktop is slightly less annoying than the easy mode , and ubunto was more attractive , but more buggy than xandros.to put it in simple terms .
this is not a computer i would recommend to my mother , or anyone else.i 'm seriously , and not lying , going to buy a macbook after finishing this review .
they 're only $ 1024 right here on amazon.if you 're an artist , buy the correct tools .
follow your heart , not your wallet.what 's that ?
you want some more specifics ?
the battery in sleep mode stinks .
after sleeping or rebooting you have to always manually reconnect to the wifi ( as in ever single time ) .
linux just seems like a complicated way of doing easy things .

-1
worked great for about 3 months then got slow and its not a virus i downloaded macfee the top of the line online sucurity .
in the past 3 months i renstaled vista still runs crappy i feel that 400 dollars is too much and if it was selling for 100 you could consider it ( 1 gb not 2 gb ram )

