1
to many historians , december 28 , 1895 , is the date considered as the day where cinema was born , as it was in that cold day of winter when the brothers auguste and louis lumiã¨re gave the first public screening of their new invention , the cinã©matographe .
the brothers ' devise would change history of entertainment forever , as it took the idea of motion pictures from the uncomfortable and individual experience of edison 's kinetoscope , to the more enjoyable atmosphere of a movie projected on a screen .
on that day the brothers showed 10 films , and the majority of them were of the kind that later would be known as `` actuality films `` , movies showing an everyday event .
however , one of the 10 films was a bit more than a typical `` actuality film `` , as it was actually the register of an event in a fashion more akin to what we know now as documentary films : it was the arrival of the photographical congress to lyon .
while december 28 , 1895 , was certainly the very first time the brothers showed their invention to the world , it was n't really the first time the brothers ' invention was shown to an audience , as months earlier , the brothers had been doing private screenings for the scientific community of france .
the 1895 photographical congress that was celebrated at the community of neuville-sur-saã´ne in lyon , was one of the places where the lumiã¨res screened their films for the first time .
`` neuville-sur-saã´ne : du des ã lyon `` , is essentially the recording of the arrival of the members of the photographical congress to neuville-sur-saã´ne , marking the first time a camera was used to capture something more `` special `` than people moving or trains arriving .
this time the new medium was being used to actually register the event in real time , pretty much in the same way as tv news work today .
nevertheless , that was not the only thing that `` neuville-sur-saã´ne `` an interesting early short film .
the movie was shot when the congress arrived , early in the morning , and that very same day was shown to its protagonists in the afternoon .
one has to wonder how the photographers felt when they saw the images of their arrival actually moving , as if the even was being enacted again .
the very same people that looked into the camera ( perhaps thinking it was a normal photography ) was now watching themselves in a motion picture depicting short seconds of their lives .
it was certainly a unique experience , and no doubt the success of `` neuville-sur-saã´ne : du des ã lyon `` and their other films that day prompted the brothers to keep working in their preparation for that december day , when the world witnessed what a group of photographers did ( and saw ) months ago .
7/10

1
french film pioneer georges mã©liã¨s began his career as a filmmaker in 1896 , just a few months after watching motion pictures for the first time in his life .
being a stage magician himself , he quickly noticed the enormous potential the new invention had as a form of entertainment , and immediately after the show made an offer to buy the lumiã¨res ' cinã©matographe .
the brothers refused , but that did n't stop mã©liã¨s , who decided to make his own devises based on the brother 's work and the camera .
soon he was making his own short movies , and while at first he copied the themes the lumiã¨res had in their actuality films , he also started to make short fiction movies , often comedies and fantasy films .
his movies would become legendary when he started to use his discoveries in the field of special effects in his films , earning himself the nickname of `` cinemagician `` due to the spectacular effects of his fantasy tales .
while famous for his tales of fantasy , horror and science fiction , many of mã©liã¨s ' early films were shorts about him , the magician , making an impossible trick on camera .
`` l ' fin de siã¨cle `` ( literally , `` the impressionist of the end of the century `` , although better known as `` a turn of the century illusionist `` ) , is one of those short movies , as the film is about a magician ( mã©liã¨s ) making a supernatural trick of disappearance .
first , the magician makes a doll come to life to be his assistant ( probably his wife ) , and then makes her to vanish in thin air .
then , the magician lifts a barrel that he has on a table and the woman appears inside .
after that , the magician turns his assistant into confetti before covering himself with the same magic blanket he used before .
but that 's not all , after the magician disappears , a series of fantastic tricks transformations will take place as the magician is able now to transform himself into his assistant .
across his career , mã©liã¨s made many of this kind of `` gimmick films `` , both to test his own tricks and to add some variety to his screenings .
as one of those movies , `` l ' fin de siã¨cle `` is entirely based on the stop trick to make the illusion of things transforming and vanishing .
it is certainly not the most sophisticated of his many tricks , but among his early films it is in this movie where his stop trick looks the best .
in 1899 it was definitely a complicated trick to do at high speeds , but mã©liã¨s achieves a very fluid work of editing that allows him to use it even when his characters are running and jumping without looking too fake .
the effects of the many disappearances , done in his purest stage magician style , are still amazing even now , more than 100 years after the shooting of the movie .
`` l ' fin de siã¨cle `` is probably not the most impressive of the cinemagician 's films , but like most of his movies , it carries that special something , that magic that makes them so fun to watch .
1899 would be an important year of many changes for mã©liã¨s , as it was that year when he released his classic , `` `` ( `` cinderella `` ) , and started his most popular period .
both as an experiment and as a charming entertainment , `` l ' fin de siã¨cle `` is a very successful film and offered a glimpse of what the cinemagician had in the bag .
7/10

1
georges melies covers his female assistant with a blanket .
when she is uncovered , she disappears .
melies lifts a barrel on a table to the left of him and the woman reappears .
he carries her in his arms where she turns to confetti .
he then covers himself with a blanket and disappears , then the barrel lifts and there he is !
he jumps off table and turns into his assistant when he lands .
she goes back on table and becomes georges again when he lands !
he then goes back on table where he disappears in a puff of smoke !
the end .
interesting melies short which , in the version i saw , had vintage 1906 music by the edison concert band .
worth a look if you 're a melies fan .

1
for an early film , this one is actually pretty good .
in this silent movie , the crew re-creates a fire and shows the firemen doing their job -- starting with leaving the firehouse all the way through rescuing all the victims .
it 's sort of like a documentary of their job that is done by re-staging what looks an awful lot like a real fire .
unlike some similar films , this one looks authentic enough that it both entertains and gives us insight into the profession in 1901 .
i particularly liked seeing the horse-drawn fire wagon as well as the people jumping out the window into the device the firemen use .
pretty good stuff and a pretty good historical record to boot !

1
although many of alice guy 's movies were simply shot one-scene re-enactments of short vaudeville skits -- what would later evolve into black-out gags -- this was a rather elaborately staged work for her and mocks middle-class pretension , showing how they get their babies ... from a large cabbage patch in the midwife 's garden !
the sets are clearly sets ... not for guy the elaborate backgrounds of melies !
instead her viewpoint was that this was a theater piece and the aesthetics were those of someone sitting in a seat in a live theater .
to a great extent , she maintained this viewpoint through the end of her career and it makes her work far less cinematic to the modern eye than the equally bizarre imaginings of melies ... but hers is an important stage in the evolution of the modern film , something that had to be gotten through , and at least we can be grateful for her records of the contemporary stage .

1
according to this film by alice guy , the rich do n't need to go through all the pain , trouble and mess of childbirth .
instead , we see a perspective couple show up at a weird place where they have baby dolls on display .
you pick the style you like and then the matron takes you to another room where they have a bunch of giant cabbages .
then , the baby you want is harvested and you take the little nipper home !
very convenient and rather funny .
this compares very well to a typical film of the day -- being funnier and more imaginative , that 's for sure !
if only this were real ! !
for a laugh , show this to small children when they ask `` where do babies come from ? ``
.

1
the great train robbery is one of the landmark films in the development of narrative cinema .
it tells the story of a group of bandits who climb aboard a train and rob it ; they make their escape and are then chased by law enforcers and end up in a shoot-out .
up until this film , cinema was mainly at best a means of depicting visual trickery .
what this movie did that was revolutionary was to tell a relatively complex story involving a number of different locations .
of course , from a modern perspective it is as simple as can be , but in the early years of the medium it just was n't immediately obvious how to use this new technology to tell a story .
it took a while for early audiences to understand what techniques such as cross-cutting actually meant .
this film was extremely important in putting together some of the early basic cinematic story-telling devices in a way audiences could comprehend .
and not only that , it introduced , via its story of a group of bandits robbing a train , some of the key ingredients that would go on to form an indelible part of genre cinema .
the film ends on a scene that was more in keeping with the more gimmicky films of the time , when we are confronted with an actor who fires his gun directly at the camera , or at the audience .
i imagine this would 've caused a bit of consternation among some of the earlier cinema-goers .
despite this being the most famous part of the film , it 's only fair to say that the great train robbery is much more significant as a key work in the development as cinema as a narrative medium .
it 's enormously important in the history of cinema .

1
masked bandits enter a railroad office , and tie up the telegraph operator ; they are planning `` the great train robbery `` .
when the approaching train makes its pit stop , the robbers jump aboard .
the bandits find their booty in a box , which they blow up , after a bit of shooting .
next , the bandits force the train passengers to lineup , and loot their valuables .
meanwhile , the railroad operator has recovered , and rounds up a posse ; then , they go after the robbers ... a landmark edwin s. porter film , with future western star gilbert m. `` broncho billy `` anderson .
the lasting image , and film highlight , however , is justin d. barnes firing away , in the film 's closing seconds .
it still packs a punch , since the final shot is so unexpectedly different from the rest of the film .
******* the great train robbery ( ) edwin s. porter ~ gilbert m. anderson , justus d. barnes , walter cameron

1
for my money , i enjoyed `` trip to the moon `` ( 1902 ) a little more for its fanciful special effects and imagination .
however , i can see why this was such a popular movie for its time - especially considering the many cinema innovations this film created .
my favorite `` version `` of the film now floating around has to be with the added gunshot sounds in the final scene .
point-blank looking right at the camera and firing ... takes a lot more to freak out an audience these days .
one of the `` 1,001 movies to see before you die `` , you can check this one off quickly , as it runs around 10 minutes .
the timeless storytelling , the heated gunfights and the historic value make this a keeper .

1
this is one of the most significant films in cinema history , it is the second ( after a trip to the moon - 1902 ) to feature in the book 1001 movies you must before you die .
basically a clerk of a train station is assaulted and left tied up by four bandits , and they proceed to carry out the great train robbery robbery of the title .
they line up all passengers of the train , after the passenger cars from the engine , and take all wallets and money from them .
quickly they get in the engine , go forward a bit , and then run out to ride away on some horses , and then they enter a saloon , forcing people at gunpoint to dance , before a final shoot-out , where the robbers are killed .
the iconic image of this film is the final shot where a moustached bandit faces the audiences and shoots , disappearing in the cloud of smoke .
it may a bit shaky and black and white , but it is an important film , as it was the first ever western , i think it was the first to feature guns , and of course , it was the first to feature both heroes and villains , as 100 years , 100 heroes & villains explained .
very good !

1
considered by some to be the first ever western , edwin s. porters 1902 short is arguably the first landmark movie of american cinema .
by modern standards it is incredibly simplistic .
a group of outlaws burst into a telegraph office and force the operator to send a false message before tying him up and proceeding to hold up a train and its passengers .
they escape but the telegraphed operator is discovered and a posse gives chase , culminating in a gun battle finale .
what set this film apart at its time is the use of narrative to tell a story .
following lumieres ' le voyage dans la lune the previous year , porter crafts an enjoyable tale that set standards for what was to follow in their respective genre .
hold ups , gunmen , posses , horseback chases , shoot-outs they 're all here and tied together coherently and with the confidence to not simply follow the outlaw protagonists from a to b .
the film may not boast special effects or any intellectual layers , but it did set a template of basic cinematic language .
similarly , the final shot of a gunman blasting directly into the camera * is an iconic moment that brought audiences directly into the firing line .
the great train robbery may not seem much more than a curiosity to some now , but it is more than that .
simple but enjoyable and a must for all film lovers .

1
thomas edison 's motion picture company is remembered primarily for two things : 1 ) ripping off the competition whenever possible ( done best today by tv 's scifi channel , but pioneered as a technique by light bulb inventor edison ) , and 2 ) suing the competition for ripping you off ( for which edison 's film company was particularly notorious ; while point # 2 seems on the face of it to be in conflict with point # 1 , edison hired the finest legal minds of his day , and they knew that under the american legal system , the litigant with the most money wins 99 percent of the time ; if that party also is the most ballyhooed , the victory rate is upped about another percentile ) .
however , occasionally edison 's henchmen contributed other innovations to the film industry , as is the case with the little train robbery ( 1905 ) .
herein , the edison crew pioneers the idea that if sex and violence is the top seller for the grown-ups , why not hook the young ` uns on the same while their tender brains are being formed and wired ?
this worked , of course , which is why modern cinema is as it appears today .

1
this sort of trick film , in which a traveler goes some place where things mysteriously happen , was not new when j. stuart blackton made it in 1907 .
melies was making stuff like it in 1896 .
and the vim and verve of his performances was a lot better than the actor 's here .
nonetheless , there was a change and advance in the decade and it was in the evolution of a film grammar .
in the earlier films , the point of the transformations , appearances , disappearances and things moving on their own was that they were happening .
they were the point of the movie and any actor on the screen stood in for the goggling audience .
it was a magic act .
this film , however , is more than that .
it is a story about a traveler who checks into a hotel and the weird and terrifying things that happen to him .
the things that happen -- knives that cut sausage without anyone holding them -- are not the point of the movie , they are means of achieving the point .
they have moved from simple shots to film vocabulary .
the vocabulary would remain the same , even though they grammar they exist in -- a cobbled-together pidgin of stage , magic lantern and ad hoc film usage -- would be swept away within half a decade .
however , the next time you look at a horror movie , take a look .
they 're still using the same tricks .

1
in 1908 , a 34 year old playwright named d.w. griffith was having little success with his plays and decided to try his luck in the newly formed movie industry with an adaptation of `` tosca `` he intended to sell to the film studios of the edison manufacturing company .
the head of the studio at the time was film pioneer edwin s. porter , who was n't really impressed with griffith 's work as a writer but , since griffith was also an actor , porter decided to hire him and send him to director j. searle dawley .
a former theater director ( he liked to called himself as `` the first professional motion picture director `` ) , dawley immediately chose griffith for the main role in his new film : `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` .
it would be in this early adventure film where d.w. griffith would have his first contact with the movie industry and where he would first learn the crafts that would make him a legendary filmmaker in the following years .
`` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` is the story of a woodsman 's family and the extraordinary adventure they live one day while the father ( d.w. griffith ) was outside working .
after the father leaves the house , the mother ( miss earle ) begins her own housework and leaves the child ( frazer ) outside to play .
while the mother is inside the cabin , a big eagle descends from the sky and takes the child away .
the mother notices the eagle kidnapping the kid , but it 's too late for her to save him , so she runs to the woods in order to tell her husband about it .
after hearing what has happened to his child , the lumberjack and his mates run together to the mountains .
when they find the nest , they discover that it 's very difficult to reach it , so the woodsman takes a rope with him and begins to climb down .
however , before returning home he 'll have to face the eagle that kidnapped his kid .
as usual with the early movies from the edison manufacturing company , it ca n't be known for sure who exactly wrote the screenplay of the film , but considering director j. searle dawley 's background , it is highly probable that it was all dawley 's creation expanding from one of his or porter 's ideas .
the story of `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` is pretty simple and has almost no characterization , focusing on the action and adventure that the woodsman faces to save his kid .
in this sense , the movie works like a folktale put on film , as it is concerned more about the adventure in itself than about the characters .
while simple in its construction , the plot of `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` remains so universal that is hard not to feel thrilled by the woodsman 's adventure .
in `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` , director j. searle dawley truly shows a better understanding of the new options that film offered him as a narrative language , and moves further away from the idea that movies were simply plays on film .
the influence of edwin s. porter ( who was in charge of cinematography in this movie ) can be seen in many scenes as dawley employs several of the editing techniques that porter originated in his 1903 seminal classic , `` life of an american fireman `` ( techniques that griffith would further develop in his own films ) .
this is reflected in the very original ways the movie uses edition and its primitive special effects to play with action and suspense in order to thrill and surprise the audience .
by our standards , the effects look poor and clichã©d , but it was definitely a step ahead in its time .
as written above , the film focuses entirely on the family 's adventure without leaving too much for character development , so it would be not only difficult but also unfair to judge the performances of the cast on those terms .
so considering that they were playing basically archetypes , it could be said that the whole cast was actually good , as there rarely was any overacting ( so common in the early days of cinema ) and everyone seemed to know what to do .
it is obviously interesting to see d.w. griffith as the woodsman , and his performance does n't disappoint .
his fight with the eagle is a very good scene that forecasts similar scenes in future action movies like the ones with douglas fairbanks .
even when she was not a professional actress ( or probably because of that very reason ) , miss earle is very good and looks very natural in her concern for her baby .
while the film still feels stagy at times , it was a step ahead in the development of the language of cinema that spawned an entire series of imitators that further developed the adventure genre ( even griffith himself would use the same basic plot of a kidnapped child in his first movie , `` the adventures of dollie `` ) .
to call this movie clumsy or uneven and judge it under our standards is criminally unfair , as while `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` is not a perfect movie , it is not only actually very good for its time but it also helped to set the basis for the action and adventure films of today .
`` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` is not only a must see for griffith fans interested on his first work , it is also an amusing short movie for fans of early action movies and silent film in general .
7/10

1
a slow-paced and terrifying film from d.w. griffith , this film , like a corner in wheat and one is business , the other crime , concerns itself with the depredations of the rich upon the poor .
griffith offers no solution but tells his story with scenes and titles that , in the hands of a lesser director , could be over the top .
indeed , they seem absurdly melodramatic at the beginning of the movie , until you see the policies of the greedy money-lender carried out .
although griffith directed more than five hundred pictures , almost all of which survive , he has a vast corpus of works that are rarely seen , because so many people concentrate on his best features and perhaps a dozen of his best-known shorts .
kino is to be applauded for including a sizable number of his lesser-known , but equally powerful shorts in their most recent compilation , and for hiring john to do scores .

1
stuart holmes has just been thrown over by his fiancã©e for another man .
convinced he hates all women , he goes to visit a bachelor friend on a ranch , where they are soon joined by the rancher 's nephew and his niece , pearl white .
stuart is miffed , but then the indians capture him ... this is the third powers picture play i have seen from this era and i am struck once again by the naturalism and believability of the acting -- even griffith 's players sometimes found themselves gesticulating wildly , trying to convey a complicated idea .
pearl conveys how taken she is by constantly turning to look at stuart : simple and effective .
i do have some issues .
the uncle 's acting is definitely stagy , the indians pretend to pound on stuart with their rifle butts , but clearly pull their punches .
i attribute this to the fact that the national film preservation foundation , which has kindly made this film available on their website with a fine score by michael , have transferred it at too low a film speed -- if you 're finicky you 'll also notice how the low film speed also makes the horses ' legs look weird when they race .
however , as a chance to see miss white in an early role , it is not to be missed .

1
this comedy is a bit unusual because in his earliest directorial assignments for biograph studios , mack sennett not only was behind the camera but starred in the short films .
now at first sight you might not think this is sennett , as he bore a rather strong similarity in look to the very famous french comic , max linder .
i do n't know if sennett cultivated this look on purpose or if it was just chance .
sennett works as a barber and he 's obviously in love with the manicurist .
the problem is that lots of men coming to the salon really like her and one rich guy in particular pursues her .
eventually , sennett has had enough of watching the two of them and springs into action -- leading to a pretty amazing moving shot for 1911 .
not a brilliant comedy but unlike many of the day , it tells a complete story and is much more plot-driven than usual and has none of the usual bonking and slapping .
worth your time .

1
mary pickford is quite taken with edwin august ; in fact , he is her `` ideal `` .
but , mr. august 's refusal to get mixed up in a street brawl makes him look like a coward to ms. pickford .
meanwhile , convict alfred paget has escaped from prison ; and , he is `` a beast at bay `` .
while pickford and august go for a ride in her nifty 1900s automobile , criminal paget ambushes one of his guards , taking the man 's clothing and gun .
next , pickford drops off august , still arguing he is a coward , and drives off .
alone , pickford gets out of her car to retrieve a fallen garment ; then , paget moves in to carjack her .
from a distance , august witnesses pickford being taken at gunpoint - can he save his girl , and prove he 's not a coward ?
another d.w. griffith film with a criminal invading an otherwise unrelated situation ; this time , the interest is heightened as august 's cowardice does play well against the danger offered by convict paget .
august seems , possibly , a little more reasonable than cowardly , given the circumstance depicted ; however , the characterizations are interesting and believable .
the `` parallel `` stories have a structural reason to juxtapose .
the engine pursuit is genuinely thrilling - griffith and his crew continue to offer great , innovative movie excitement .
mae marsh is the best of the always fine biograph supporting troupe ; she 's pickford 's best girlfriend .
pickford is fine as the demanding damsel ; she plays the heroine with a relatively high level of resourcefulness - and , it 's nice to see mary pickford in the `` driver 's seat `` !
paget steals some acting honors , with his portrayal of the desperate convict .
look for a great scene between paget and pickford - at about 11:00 minutes in - paget will touch mary pickford 's curls , finger her lapel , and reach down to open her coat , suggesting sexual violation ; it 's creepily well-played .
******* a beast at bay ( ) d.w. griffith ~ mary pickford , alfred paget , edwin august

1
here is another short from griffith dealing with crime and a perceived social problem .
like virtually all of griffith 's social protest films the story is a little strange , but by late 1912 the staging and acting is so good you 'll barely notice .
griffith opens economically with a single title card and a shot introducing the two brothers .
notice how he does n't need to state which brother is the householder and which is the `` weak `` .
you get that from the way they act , and also with subtler clues .
lionel barrymore lounges easily towards the centre of the screen , whereas henry walthall seems squashed up against the edge of the frame .
even their respective props are in tune with their characters -- a broadsheet for barrymore and a magazine for walthall .
the paper will reappear later on in a neat little touch where walthall insists on personally placing it on his supposedly dead brother 's face .
the acting throughout is of a high standard in this one -- no hammy melodramatics whatsoever .
walthall is exceptional in the lead -- particularly in how he conveys his character 's guilt while the young burglar is being interrogated .
griffith here isolates him in his own frame in contrast to the busier shot we have just seen .
harry carey gives fine support as the older crook , and there 's also a brief appearance by the sisters gish .
as with a many of these rather bizarrely plotted pieces lamenting social evils , the burglar 's dilemma does n't really work because the story hinges on a massive coincidence .
it lacks the necessary `` `` factor .
still it is at least well made and mildly entertaining even if not absolutely engrossing .

1
i always like seeing stars when they were younger and this film features a relatively young lionel barrymore as a nice guy who is hated by his jealous brother .
the brother conks lionel over the head and he appears to be dead .
fortunately for the bad brother , a robber climbs into the house just after this .
the brother runs to get the cops -- assuming he can blame the robber for the assault and get away with it !
and , it sure looks like the hapless burglar is going to get in very serious trouble indeed -- until barrymore wakes up and tells the cops the burglar did n't hurt him .
then , , he forgives his crappy brother and they all live happily ever after .
i would have loved it if then they would have had the brother try again to kill him , but that would n't have sat well with the audiences of the day .
by the way , like in some other american biograph shorts , this one his their `` ab `` logo on the wall of the home .
who would use this as part of their decorating scheme ? !

1
this is a pretty good silent short from d. w. griffith , as it features bandits , a steadfast and good heroine and some nifty action .
while it is n't the deepest film i have ever seen , it does make for a good film because it has a well-developed plot and is paced very well .
unlike some other films of the same period , this film has a definite beginning , middle and end and is quite watchable in the 21st century .
part of this is because the acting is somewhat restrained for 1912 -- being a little less over-done than you might often see at the time .
instead of hysterics , the lady in the film is cool-headed and does her best to stop two evil tramps from stealing the payroll .
pretty old fashioned , but still well made and watchable .

1
a highly attractive at a country railway station spurns the suitor who brings her a soda , but allows the station porter several liberties .
a message comes through that cash is being delivered .
the porter loads his revolver from a box of cartridges , collects the money bag from the train , puts it in the station secure box , then goes off for lunch .
two tramps see the money and try to steal it by getting the box key from the girl .
she barricades herself in her office and sends frantic messages down the wires for help .
these are picked up at the next station , and an engine is given right of way to go to the rescue .
meanwhile the tramps try to break down the door .
the girl puts a cartridge from the box into the keyhole , puts the points of some scissors to the cap and hits the scissors with a hammer .
it is interesting that the cartridge case did not fly backwards and injure her .
the bullet however fires into the room with the tramps and scares them .
they lug the secure box out to a pump action trolley ( like the one in the general ) , and head off .
the girl rushes out intent on rescuing the money and is dragged onto the trolley .
meanwhile , the porter comes out of his house with his sandwiches in time to see the trolley vanishing .
a few minutes later the rescue engine arrives ; he jumps on and the chase begins .
these railway scenes were especially well done , with a tracking shot of the racing engine taken from a parallel road , and shots both of the engine cab and the trolley taken from above .
eventually the tramps tire and the engine catches up with them and they are caught .
in the final scene the porter and the sit on the buffer beam of the engine as it backs up the line .
they share his sandwiches , then a kiss which is shrouded in steam .
that romantic ending has hardly ever been bettered .

1
of the many one - and two-reel films d.w. griffith made for biograph during his apprenticeship the new york hat remains one of the most familiar titles today for a number of reasons .
it marks griffith 's last collaboration with mary pickford before her departure for the famous players company , and it presents a youthful lionel barrymore in a prominent role as the pastor who takes a benevolent interest in mary .
sharp-eyed viewer might also catch a glimpse of lillian gish in a brief bit outside the church .
history and casting aside , the movie itself holds up quite well as entertainment .
from the very first scene mary has our sympathy .
the death of her mother has left her in the care of a sour , miserly father who is not attentive to her needs , and when she receives a fancy hat as a gift it clearly means a great deal to her .
as the story unfolds we become increasingly involved in her situation , indignant at her mean-spirited father , and irritated with the town gossips who assume the worst about the pastor 's intentions where mary is concerned .
the age of the film is forgotten when mary 's father rips her beloved hat apart and throws it to the ground .
we feel for her , we want to see justice done , and we want to see that old miser brought low .
in this regard , the ending is especially satisfying .
it 's interesting to observe that this early work features thematic elements that would recur in films by both director and star .
several of mary pickford 's strongest vehicles present her as a lower class girl who is painfully aware of her status and longs for acceptance by her ` betters ' -- who , as often as not , are snobs unworthy of her admiration .
griffith , meanwhile , went on to demonstrate a special contempt for busybodies in his later work , such as the `` reformer ladies `` in the modern story of intolerance .
still , while the gossips of the new york hat richly earn our scorn , the sympathetic pastor 's actions look naive at best .
should n't he have expected people to wonder about the nature of his relationship with this young girl ?
the girl 's exact age is not stated and is hard to determine ( mary pickford was 20 years old when the film was made , but she could have passed for 16 or even younger ) yet you 'd think he would have been a little more circumspect .
one question left unexplored at the end is the whether the gossips are correct in their assumption that the pastor is interested in mary in a way .
let the viewer decide !

1
`` the new york hat `` is a short , adorable movie that stars the legends of early film ( mary pickford and her brother jack , lionel barrymore , the gish sisters ) .
the plot is fun and inventive for 1912 .
a great bit of storytelling that does n't grow old .

1
walter miller loves mary pickford , but he is very shy and does n't dare to speak up , so she prefers bobby harron .
all perfectly natural .
but one morning when walter is nursing a hangover , elmer booth and harry carey break into her apartment and threaten her , until walter rushes in to her rescue .
what a cast !
yet , it 's a standard work by griffith , so why do i rate this a superior work ?
because of griffith constant and fluid editorial work .
there does n't seem to be more than five seconds to any shot , and there 's a lot of cutting to indicate of action .
the whole plot is reduced to a brief prequel , setting up the situation and then boom !
you 're in the action .
it 's a bravura exposition of editing and worthwhile simply on those terms .

1
to appreciate why this comedy is so very funny , you need to stop and think about the story : a youngster , home alone .
gangsters come and break in .
desperately the child calls on the phone for help .
parents race to save the child .
no , it 's not home alone , it 's several of d.w. griffith 's better known shorts .
in the lonely villa , it is the phone that provides the call for help , and daddy races home in an auto .
in the girl and her trust , she is a , and help comes on railroads .
yes , .
the bangville police is a lampoon of a contemporary genre , just like the scary movie franchise .
and while the police force took on a life of its own , it had its origins in the works of griffith , for whom sennett had worked for years , and whom he called ` the master ' .
even if griffith rarely put cows in his pictures ... at least , not as major supporting actors .

1
at the time this film was made insanity was widely regarded as something fearful , shameful , and possibly even a divine punishment for , while people afflicted with mental illness ( of whatever kind ) were perhaps to be pitied but certainly removed from the rest of society , locked away in some safe place and shunned .
considering the attitudes of the day d. w. griffith 's short drama the house of darkness is quite progressive in treating the mentally ill as unfortunate victims of their conditions who , in some instances , may respond to therapy and even make full recoveries .
the fictional case history presented here may look simplistic to latter-day viewers , especially in its resolution , but taken in context the movie marks an impressive step forward in treating this topic in a sensitive and humane fashion .
the story set at an asylum for persons with `` disordered minds . ``
the opening scenes briefly depict two of the inmates of the home in earlier days when they were functioning in the world outside the grounds , thus demonstrating that average folks , i.e . perhaps even folks like you the viewer , or someone you know , might some day end up like this .
but then on a lighter note a title card reminds us that `` even here love can not be shut out , `` and we observe a romantic interlude between one of the nurses ( claire mcdowell ) and a doctor ( 35 year-old lionel barrymore ) , who become engaged and marry .
for those of us familiar with barrymore 's later character roles as a crusty old man it 's strange and poignant to see him here , so young and dapper , playing a newlywed .
our focus switches to a particular inmate on the grounds of the asylum , a older man played by actor charles hill mailes , perhaps best remembered by biograph buffs as mary pickford 's cold-hearted father in the new york hat .
here mailes plays a pathetic man who initially seems dazed and quiet , but who turns violent and must be restrained by orderlies .
coincidentally , a nearby nurse ( lillian gish ) happens to be playing piano , and the music has an immediate soothing effect on the patient .
soon after , however , back on the grounds after the music has stopped , the patient goes berserk and escapes , then attacks two men in a nearby park and manages to take a pistol from one of them .
pursued by a number of orderlies , guards , and lawmen , the man ( now called a `` lunatic `` in a title card for the first time ) breaks into the home of the recently married nurse , who , terrified , manages to subdue him by playing a tune at the piano .
in the climactic scenes which follow it 's suggested that steady sessions of `` musical therapy `` ultimately bring this patient back to full mental health .
we may scoff at the naivetã© of this conclusion , since it 's implied that music -- and music alone -- brings about the man 's recovery , but the story is presented with disarming earnestness , and again , considering the general attitudes of the era it 's striking that the very possibility of curative therapy is suggested at all , however simplistically .
the house of darkness stands as an interesting early milestone in the cinema 's depiction of mental illness and its potential methods of treatment .

1
mabel 's dramatic career is pure keystone : the players emote like kids in a school play , the humor is broad ( mabel falls down a lot ) , and the characters ' emotions are as big and as simple as their gestures .
look elsewhere for chekhovian nuance ; in the keystone universe , people laugh , cry , sneer , scream , and throw stuff at each other at a moment 's notice .
relationships end suddenly , and new ones form moments later .
motivation is basic , and everything is operatic .
the plot of this film is rudimentary .
mack sennett plays a vulgar country rube who is in love with pretty mabel normand , the maid , although his mother opposes the match .
but when a sophisticated city woman shows up , mack quickly becomes interested in her , and breaks off his engagement with mabel .
his mother seizes the opportunity to send her away .
plucky mabel gets a job as a movie actress while , unbeknownst to her , the city woman has rejected mack .
time passes .
mack comes to the big city , goes to the movies , and sees mabel on screen threatened by a villain .
( a funny scene !
) but he 's appalled to learn that she is actually married to the bad guy actor -- who appears to be a nice enough guy , off-screen .
mack winds up alone , a chump who ruined his chance for happiness .
in outline , it 's not a funny plot ; in fact , the story told here is a sad one .
and once you learn a few details about the actors and actresses who starred in the keystone comedies , so many of whom met with tragedy in later life , the undercurrents we sense as we watch them perform can be genuinely moving , even in an offhand short comedy like this one .
it seems that the basic plot of mabel 's dramatic career played out in real life : according to his autobiography , mack sennett was in love with mabel normand , and engaged to her , but when she caught him with another actress she broke off the engagement .
although it was intended as pure slapstick , mabel 's dramatic career is strangely touching , over and above what actually occurs during its brief running time .
real-life sadness aside , there 's an amusing moment during the sequence in the movie theater when mack is watching mabel on screen .
she 's being threatened by the hilariously hammy ford sterling , who holds a bomb with a lighted fuse ; mack , horrified , attempts to blow it out .
we 're reminded of those stories of early cinema audiences frightened by the sight of oncoming trains , a reminder of the newness of cinema in 1913 that gives the film an interesting historical twist .

1
the old story of a young man on his way to success and saving his money to marry his sweetheart who meets a woman ( the vampire ) who wants to live fast .
she abandons him when his has run through his savings and lost his job .
he sees the mistake of his ways after viewing the bert french and alice vampire dance , which may have inspired the movie .
very well done for a picture of this time .

1
while i score the movie a 7 , i also should point out that it is both interesting historically ( as it stars mae marsh , lillian gish and lionel barrymore when they were all younger and less well-known ) and features pretty exciting action for its day .
the plot is odd for a western , in that all the trouble with the indians begins for the weirdest reason i have ever seen !
the indians decide to have a giant dog banquet ( no , they are not feeding dogs , but feeding on dogs ) and when two indians arrive late , there are not left !
so , they steal two dogs belonging to two orphans from the nearby white settlement and this actually touches off an all-out war ! ! ! !
not only is this silly , but seems to play on the prejudices of audiences .
i do n't know if american indians actually ate dog , but it sounds like the sort of stereotype that later was applied to other ethnic groups .
all this over dogs !
the movie has some excellent battle scenes and exciting moments -- such as when ms. marsh crawls across the battlefield to save a baby !
exciting stuff !
but , strange , too !

1
it 's hard to imagine that `` the battle of elderbush gulch `` , directed by the legendary d.w. griffith , was made a way back in 1914 .
it is a showcase for griffith 's emerging style .
the story centers around a group of settlers called the cameron brothers and their families which include a young waif ( mae marsh ) sent out from the east to live with her uncles and a young wife ( lillian gish ) who has just given birth .
a group of indians tries to capture the waif 's pet dogs and are driven off by the men folk .
during the confrontation the indian chief 's son ( henry b . ) is killed .
the indian chief plots his revenge and launches an attack on the small community of elderbush gulch .
it is this attack , which is quite brutal and graphic for this or any other time , that forms the core of the picture .
the indians slaughter the towns folk , women and children alike and drive them out of town towards the cameron 's homestead .
the newborn baby becomes separated from its mother and all hell breaks loose .
someone goes for help and returns in the nick of time with the calvary .
the battle scenes contain some graphic violence .
for example , we see a woman being scalped alive and there is also a sequence where we see a horse being shot down .
i have never seen an animal being slain so convincingly on screen .
was becoming a master of staging large scale battle scenes , a talent that he would use extensively in his epic civil war drama , `` the birth of a nation `` released the following year .
even though it runs a scant 29 minutes , `` the battle of elderbush gulch `` is nonetheless an exciting and historic bit of film making .
see if you can spot lionel barrymore and harry carey in bit parts .

1
epic early film , directed by d.w. griffith .
mae marsh , her little sister , and their dogs are orphaned - they must go to live with an uncle .
aboard their coach is young couple lillian gish and robert harron , celebrating the birth of their first child .
the coach arrives in elderbush .
marsh 's uncle tells her she ca n't keep the dogs , and they are put out .
there are indians ( native americans ) nearby ; and , indians love to eat dog meat ( no kidding ?
) .
these indians are hungry !
lionel barrymore is sympathetic to ms. marsh , desiring to help her recover the runaway dogs .
while rescuing the puppies , an indian is shot - resulting in a `` cowboys vs. indians `` confrontation .
this `` saga of the american west `` is certainly an important film ; however , the reliable griffith performers begin to overplay their hands , and the story is too contrived .
many of the griffith elements are in place - some good , and a few bad .
`` the battle at elderbush `` foreshadows the later epic , `` birth of a nation `` .
******* the battle at elderbush gulch ( ) d.w. griffith ~ mae marsh , robert harron , lillian gish

1
the fatal mallet is full of unexplained , unnecessary , and gratuitous 1914 violence , like most of chaplin 's films for keystone , but at least the plot is very easy to follow because it stays simple and does n't try to tell more of a story than the technology of the time would allow .
it begins with a lot of brick throwing between chaplin and a man and wife ( the wife does most of the throwing ) , until ultimately charlie and the man are engaged in a brawl .
meanwhile , the wife finds another man , a huge brute of a man who is unaffected by charlie and the first husband hitting him on top of the head with bricks .
when he fails to notice that anything is happened , the two love scorn men are forced to regroup and come up with a new plan while the new guy makes his affections known to the woman .
the two enemies now working together allows chaplin to do some of his usual tricks and pranks but to actually have a reason to do them this time , and ultimately it turns into a brawl that is every man for himself , since they are all enemies to begin with .
chaplin 's love of falling into the lake and throwing other people into the lake is certainly not forgotten here , but among the films of the time , i think this one stands out as one of the clearer and more entertaining ones , even though so much of it is the same as so many others .
also of note here is what i think might be the first appearance of a small boy in an important role in one of chaplin 's films .
i say important role , however , only to mean that there is a kid in more than a background role .
i am not sure if it is more disturbing than amusing , but i would lean toward amusing just because , even though the kid shows up just long enough for charlie to punt him off screen like a football , he is clearly having a great time and his imitation of chaplin 's backwards fall is uncanny .
certainly not the best , but this is among the better of chaplin 's keystone comedies .

1
often erroneously touted as the first animation film ever made ( j. stuart blackton 's ` an enchanted drawing ' of 1900 takes that title , at least in america ) , gertie the dinosaur remains , to this day , a charming example of early animation .
the live-action segments bookending the animation scenes involve a group of real-life animators portraying themselves , as one of them , winsor mccay , bets george mcmanus that he can make a `` `` live again by a series of hand-drawn cartoons .
six months -- and ten thousand hand-drawn cartoons -- later , mccay is ready to show off his hand-made creation .
during dinner , mccay introduces his young , playful female ( ?
) named gertie .
she emerges somewhat tentatively from her cave , before proceeding to swallow a rock and then an entire tree .
as mccay gives her instructions from off-screen , gertie attempts to follow them , though her endless enthusiasm for mischief often leads her master to scold her .
gertie 's playful persona is further explored when jumbo , a passing woolly mammoth , threatens to steal her limelight .
though warned not to hurt the little creature , gertie does n't hesitate in picking up poor jumbo by the tail and hurling him into the lake .
mccay 's vision of a dinosaur -- allegedly the first time that one had appeared on film -- is a little scientifically shaky ( i do n't expect any dinosaurs to have been able to dance on their hind legs for any prolonged period of time ) , but i 'm more than willing to forgive this in such an early film .
what is a woolly mammoth doing back then , you may even find yourself asking ?
the trick is to completely shut out what we all know more than ninety years later , and to just appreciate what a stunning achievement this piece of animation actually was .
just as the film explicitly states , the animation of gertie required about ten thousand hand-drawn images ( by both mccay and his assistant , john a. fitzsimmons , who traced the backgrounds ) , which they inked on rice paper and mounted on cardboard .
in the film , it took mccay six months .
but , we might ask , should n't he have wagered something a little more valuable than just a single dinner ?
george got off easy , i say !

1
`` det x `` ( the mysterious x or sealed orders ) was the first film from the danish director herr benjamin christensen , a film director with a very strange inclination toward occult sciences , witchcraft , macabre rituals and other black celebrations , his film `` `` ( 1922 ) ( wherein herr christensen appeared as herr satan himself ) being the paradigm of these strange danish tastes .
in every film of his film career ( in denmark , germany or the usa ) , besides the liking for herr devil and mr. evil , there is always , more or less , depicted a strange sense of the futility of life , the darkness of men 's souls , and no much place for happy endings .
det x `` is the story of lieutenant van ( herr christensen himself ) , a man very concerned to perform his duty , that is to say , make war while his wife makes love with count spinelli , a sinister count with many obscure intentions ( this reminds this herr graf of something .
... ) ; intrigues about secret sealed war orders given to herr van that are revealed to the enemy will put the lieutenant 's honor in question and his physical integrity at stake in a film very well paced and directed , a mixture of spy film ( those wicked people use modern communication systems this german count is very fond of , such as carrier pigeons and morse code ) , war film ( mysterious landscapes , sinister mills , and battles on land and sea are seen in connection with the plot ) , and suspense film ( the efforts of the lieutenant 's family to prove his innocence at the end of the film are very well resolved , giving a sense of modernity for a film made in 1914 ) .
`` det x `` is an excellent debut ; christensen 's characteristics i 've mentioned before are not found in this film ; in their stead are conventional human weaknesses such as adultery , treachery and honor , although there are some shots depicting the dark intentions the danish director was so fond of , as when count spinelli is trapped in the mill 's cellar threatened by rats .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must do the honors of the in this count 's honor .

1
kid auto races at venice ( 1914 ) marks the film debut of `` the tramp `` .
a goofy and slightly odd fellow who ruins a filmmaker 's filming at a race track .
that silly tramp time after time keeps on mugging for the camera getting in front of the action out on the race track .
not even the threat of physical violence deters the tramp from sticking his face in front of the camera .
a very strange first appearance of one of the most iconic characters in film history .
it would be a few more films until chaplin worked out the tramp .
but his first role is quite interesting and if you love charlie chaplin 's work then you have to see this short .

1
the film itself is nothing special .
a standard one reel melodrama of its time , running around 10 - minutes in length .
the fascinating part of this motion picture however is the fact that its the only film in which i have been able to find a performance by the famous director william desmond taylor .
i have been fascinated by the taylor murder for many years and understood that all of his on screen films were considered lost .
when this film showed up on you tube however i was more than thrilled .
taylor was indeed a charming and handsome man judging by his performance in this , suave and able to move well and use his face to show his charm .
over all its a fascinating piece of history that should really be remastered just for the sake of it being the only known live action footage of taylor .

1
just watched keystone comedy short starring mabel normand and charlie youtube .
ms. normand is also the director and chaplin does not play the tramp but the comic villain .
as such , he 's the funniest thing here as he does overacting to a t which is such a standard technique in these silent movies whether melodrama or slapstick comedy .
mabel is quite an accomplished comic herself whether taking a fall , throwing bricks , or biting charlie 's hand .
the race sequence does n't really have any laughs but is quite exciting to watch as we see ms. normand do as the title says .
overall , mabel at the wheel is highly recommended .
p.s . .
it would have been nice if any of the versions i checked out had a music accompaniment but i ca n't complain too much about the complete silent version i watched .

1
mabel 's busy day is a quick story of a vendor at a sporting event and the troubles that she encounters throughout her day .
chaplin actually plays the part of a more well-to-do individual , but he is still very recognizable , with the traditional look that chaplin always seems to have .
also , he still manages to get into plenty of the high-paced and very amusing scuffles that are almost as much of a trademark in his films as that outfit .
what really makes this film unique is that charlie actually plays the part of the antagonist .
when the server girl - the vendor who the film is about - gets picked on by hordes of people , charlie comes to the rescue , but he ends up hitting on her and then getting turned down .
not only did he not get the girl , but he also ends up stealing all of her products ( which happen to be sausages ) and handing them out to all of the people who are nearby .
this is totally uncharacteristic , but it does not take away from the quality of the comedy delivered by this short film .
the fight sequences , although dated very badly because of sheer physical deterioration , were particularly entertaining and amusing .

1
this is the first keystone chaplin film that i 've actually found funny , and it 's not just down to the gag .
( although , as others have pointed out , the slender chaplin actually makes a remarkably pretty girl , and does a convincing job of acting feminine too .
) the film is interesting in its own right as a backstage look into what i assume was film-making practice of the day -- the director ( a notable performance by charles murray ) acting out his leading lady 's role to indicate what he wants , the male cast sharing a dressing-room as basic as that of your average stage chorus troupe -- and was apparently shot on keystone 's own studio lots .
it contains a fair amount of standard , antics but also a significant quantity of more and genuinely amusing material , starting with chaplin and arbuckle 's double act in the dressing-room and ending with a truly dreadful ( in the best sense ) pun .
` senorita ' sneaking a surreptitious from a puff on ` her ' beau 's cigarette is worth a mention too .

1
i watched this on a vhs from the american movie entertainment box set ( 1996 ) of four early oz films .
the print was ok , fairly sharp and without too many pops or scratches -- but with at least one significant scene missing ( where scraps accidentally turns three of the other characters into statues ) and some lengthy portions where the right side of the screen is .
the music was weird ; it between fairly appropriate piano and an electronic score more appropriate to a tarkovsky film !
those caveats aside , i really liked the first half of the film a lot , as ojo and unc set out for the emerald city but end up delayed and sidetracked after encountering magician dr. , his wife and his magical creation scraps , the patchwork girl .
the adventures up through that point , and the finding of the woozy , and the sequence around the dark well are all inventive and fast-moving , but the film gets a bit bogged down and repetitive once the action shifts to the emerald city .
i did like that the characters for the most part looked like they came straight out of the original illustrations -- scraps and mr in particular looked and acted just right ; also some of the sets , like dr. 's house , are quite excellent , busy and full of clutter , which seems appropriate .
the special effects are pretty well done and there are a surprising number of them ; especially nice is the way in which scraps is put together .
i think this one is more for true fans of the books than general silent film buffs , and i suspect that will be true of the other films .

1
thomas edison not only was the inventor of the motion picture camera , but he was the one of the earliest movie producers .
i have been a fan baum 's `` wizard of oz `` books for years so when i saw this movie at my local library i was intrigued .
the movie shows its age being silent and some parts of the movie missing , and the special effects looking primitive .
the movie closely follows the book , while being quality family entertainment .

1
this keystone from the end of 1914 , involving the usual suspects running around some plumbing issues , will not hold many surprises for those familiar with keystone in this period , or , indeed , with the works of the three stooges , who often played inept plumbers .
it is , nonetheless , very nicely performed , especially by charles murray , who mugs it up freely and ineptly , as well as the pretty girl who plays the house 's maid .
although this will likely not make any new fans for keystone or mr. murray , for those who are pleased by the field , it will , i feel confident , prove to be a superior effort as it takes potshots at all the classes .
if you do n't know much beyond chaplin from this period , take a look .

1
`` the squaw man `` was one of the first feature length films ever made .
it also has the distinction of being the first film to be directed by the legendary cecil b. de mille .
many reviewers are divided on this film but one has to place it within the context of its time .
the film was made during the film industry 's infancy , at a time before there were any `` movie stars `` or precedents to draw upon .
the players looked more like ordinary people rather than the pretty boy leading men and glamorous ladies that were to follow .
the filming techniques were new and experimentation was the rule of the day .
the story of `` the squaw man `` begins in england where captain james ( dustin farnum ) and sir henry ( monroe salisbury ) , the earl of have been placed in charge of a fund for military orphans and widows .
james is enamored of henry 's wife , lady diana ( winnifred kingston ) .
sir henry embezzles 10,000 pounds from the fund to pay off his gambling debts .
when the theft is discovered , lady mabel ( fuller ) asks james to take one for the team by accepting the blame in order to protect the family name .
james decides to go to america .
arriving in new york , he meets big bill ( dick la reno ) whom he saves from a couple of pick pockets .
big bill convinces james to come with him to wyoming .
james takes on a new identity , that of jim .
he buys a small ranch and settles down .
while looking over the property , he meets indian chief ( joseph singleton ) and his daughter ( red wing ) who takes a shine to the big englishman .
jim meets cattle rustler and all round bad guy , cash hawkins ( billy elmer ) and a conflict develops .
as cash is about to gun down jim , he is shot by unbeknown st to jim and the sheriff .
during the winter , jim and big bill go out into the cold to search for horses that have wandered away .
jim becomes snow blind and wanders aimlessly around the wilderness .
rescues him and nurses him back to health .
evidently , she did more than nurse him because she moves in with him .
when she becomes pregnant , jim marries her .
a son , hal ( `` baby `` de rue ) is born and jim dotes on the boy .
sir henry dies in a mountain climbing accident in the alps and confesses to his guilt before expiring .
this proves jim 's innocence and releases lady diana to marry jim .
however , she is unaware of jim 's marriage to and goes to wyoming to find jim .
about the same time is discovered as the murderer of cash hawkins .
the sheriff seeks her out , the indians rise up and then ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... oddly enough , the term `` squaw man `` does n't even get mentioned in the title cards .
the relationship between jim and the indian girl is glossed over , but there is no doubt what is going on .
the film , at least the version i saw , skips lightly over this relationship , leaving the viewer to his own imagination .
the costumes were probably more true to the old west more so than later on when they became glamorized with tom mix .
after all , it was 1914 and the wild west still existed in parts of the country at that time .
still and all this was a landmark film and still holds up well today .
it is a snapshot of the time and deals with some interesting subject matter .
dustin farnum had been a stage actor and at a beefy 40 years of age was hardly the dashing hero .
his brother william farnum was starring in `` the spoilers `` the same year .
dustin would fade from the scene fairly quickly , but william became a major star until an accident slowed him down .
he worked in films until his death in 1953 .
dustin died in 1929 .
followed by two re makes in 1918 and 1931 , both directed by de mille .

1
this film is incongruously dramatic in its portrayal of diplomatic indiscretions , between officials from the us and japan , over those parisian showgirls ... this silent film 's date is 1914 !
the print i saw , at the museum of modern art , was rather minimalist in title cards .
after a lengthy expressive discussion followed a quick summary on the title card .
the storytelling is mostly visual .
imagine the sound of the actor 's voices , and then imagine what they are saying .
where is the typhoon in paris ?
it may be a reference to the japanese source for the word , which is `` . ``
the story degenerates into a tremendous waste of manpower , so to speak .
though it looked great , it could have been kinder to its cultural references .
by the way , in general , the surviving print of this movie contained a breathtaking amount of visual information , more than what we see in today 's films .
there was no cropping , no soundtrack ; in silent films the camera filled the entire 35mm film frame with a .
update : september 15th .
the typhoon is one of the films featuring a great romantic leading actor , sessue hayakawa .
in the films i saw at the museum of modern art last night , mr. hayakawa called to mind elvis presley .
( the museum showed french titled fragments from `` the hidden pearls , `` an eastman house restoration of `` the dragon painter , `` and finally , `` the tong man , `` produced by his own production company haworth pictures .
you may already be familiar with this actor who was the other protagonist in `` bridge on the river kwai . ``
)

1
`` the virginian `` , demille 's first solo directorial effort , is far better than `` the squaw man `` ( 1914 ) -- cecil b. demille 's debut , which was also a western popularized in other media ( paperback and stage ) .
moreover , `` the virginian `` is better than most of the films i 've seen from the period of early feature-length films ( from about 1910 to `` the birth of a nation `` ) .
it is n't nearly as tedious and confused in its storytelling as `` the squaw man `` and includes many would-be staples of its genre .
the shootout in the street is but one example .
these were already standards of the genre in literature and theatre , of course , but this is one of the earliest examples of them so thoroughly being transplanted to cinema .
perhaps even more important , the film contains some comparatively brisk editing and a few examples of photography : all of which were lacking in `` the squaw man `` and many films of the period .
according to historian robert , the film we see today is a 1918 reissue , which included new intertitles .
i suppose it may have been reedited some , as well , which is important considering that films in 1918 tended to move faster than even many films made today , let alone the often meandering pacing of the typical 1914 feature .
one important addition `` the virginian `` has over `` the squaw man `` is cinematographer alvin wyckoff , who would continue to collaborate with demille on many of his early silent films , including the landmark film `` the cheat `` ( 1915 ) and `` the whispering chorus `` ( 1918 ) .
`` the virginian `` includes some impressively composed scenes and competent photography throughout .
in one punctuating shot , only shadows on the ground of hung outlaws are shown .
in another scene , two characters watch their shared memory before a fireplace via double exposure photography .
the use of a mirror in one of the final shots to show the reunion of the two leads is an extraordinary case of framing and lighting , as well as dramatic effect , for its time .
it also seems to be taken straight out of early danish films , where mirrors were often used to reflect off-screen action and comment on the narrative .
two other impressive scenes seem to be entirely lit by campfire ; it may be the earliest example i 've seen of nighttime photography in a narrative film -- even predating `` the birth of a nation `` , which has often been cited as introducing this effect to a film .
( by the way , one campfire scene crosscuts between scenes shot in daylight .
it 's likely that this sequence was originally tinted blue , as was then the custom for making day to night scenes .
) the californian landscape is also used rather well here , compared to `` the squaw man `` and other early films .
despite using much of the same cast from `` the squaw man `` , the acting even seems more tolerable in `` the virginian `` , although still very dated .
the use of some medium shots and scene dissection in the latter film surely help there .
comparing the two films , it 's remarkable how much demille learned and was inspired to do within one year .
otherwise , `` the virginian `` is , in ways , still a rather slipshod early feature-length film , with a throwaway story advocating the death penalty without trial to protect private property , with a couple very poor drawn-out jokes preceding the dramatic third act .
yet , it does show demille 's promise as a filmmaker -- a promise fully realized just the following year in `` the cheat `` .

1
`` the cheat `` was quite daring for its time .
the cecil b. demille production dealt as it does with the infidelity of the wife of a wall street stockbroker with an asian ivory merchant .
in the initial release in 1915 , the character played by sessue hayakawa was a japanese american called hishuru tori .
the japanese american community apparently were not amused at seeing one of their own being portrayed as a nasty villain .
when de mille re-released the film in 1918 , the character was changed to a burmese and was called haka .
it is this version that appears on the dvd compilation , `` cecil b. de mille : the classics collection `` .
richard hardy ( jack dean ) is a stockbroker who has invested all of his money into a sure thing stock .
his wife edith ( fanny ward ) is a social climbing spendthrift who spends dean 's money faster than he can make it .
until his investment pays off , he cautions her to ease up on her extravagances .
a rich burmese ivory king , haka arakau ( hayakawa ) shows more than a passing interest in her .
edith is the treasurer of a red cross charity which has raised $ 10,000 .
the money is entrusted to edith who puts it into her safe at home .
because her husband has curtailed her spending , edith seeks a way to raise some cash .
a family friend jones ( james neill ) tells her that he knows of an investment that will literally double her money overnight .
she gives him the $ 10,000 .
the next night jones informs edith that the investment failed and that her money is lost .
with the charity ready to turn over the money the next day , edith is forced to seek a source of funds in a hurry .
offers his help but it turns out that he is not the gentle cultured friend that edith thought him to be .
he gives her the $ 10,000 in return for her `` favors `` .
as luck would have it , richard 's investment pays off .
edith asks for and receives $ 10,000 from him without disclosing the real reason for it .
she goes to pay off but he refuses to accept the money and holds her to her `` bargain `` .
the two struggle as he tries to force his intentions upon her .
he `` brands `` her with a seal which he uses to mark his possessions .
in a further struggle she shoots him wounding him seriously .
after edith flees , richard arrives on the scene , surmises what has happened and takes the blame .
richard is brought before the court and arakau is content to see him go on trial but ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
.
this was fannie ward 's first film .
she had worked on the stage and looked younger than her years ( she was in her 40s at the time ) and would play mostly younger roles during her career .
this film made sessue hayakawa the first asian movie star and spawned a career that lasted on and off for the next 50 years .
he is probably best remembered for his role as the camp commandant in `` the bridge on the river kwai `` ( 1957 ) .
de mille took a big chance with this film .
first for the thinly disguised extra marital affair between a caucasian woman and an asian man as well as , for the `` branding `` scene and the attempted rape scene .
since there was no effective censorship at the time , film makers could push the envelope with little consequence .
the only censorship would come from interest groups such as the japanese americans , which i described above .
an excellent film .

1
charges of racism permeate the other reviews of this title , which left me confused when i saw the film , which is a superior silent drama .
the only way to conclude racism here is to declare that any time an asian is cast as a villain , it 's inherently racist .
this film transcends such simple-mindedness .
sessue hayakawa is brilliant and fearsome as the avaricious villain , and what 's more , he brings subtlety to a profession ( silent film acting ) that sorely needed it .
but let 's really test `` the cheat `` for racism : imagine a caucasian actor in hayakawa 's role : the charge of racism evaporates because his character does n't need to change .
no racial insults need be edited out , nor any stereotypical behavior , because hayakawa is burdened with none .
the one clearly asian incident in the film , when hayakawa brands the leading lady with his official chop , could as easily have been , say , an american cowboy branding a woman .
same effect .
and it 's hardly racist to refer to something as traditionally asian as an ownership stamp .

1
there have been some negative comments on the costumes in this picture , but i found the wardrobe fascinating .
i particularly enjoyed seeing the head bands on the high society dames .
they reminded me of granny of tweety bird fame .
i believe the film opens quite a wide window on the fashions of the era .
as to whether the film is racist , yes and no : yes , we are asked to agree with the mob who goes after the asian man a little too uncritically for our comfort .
but no , just look at how this guy came up through what must have been discrimination hell to rise to the top of his trade , and most of his actions , especially at the beginning of the film , are indeed civilized .
it 's about as balanced a portrayal as could reasonably be hoped in a 1915 movie .

1
a high society woman gets into such a mess when she bets the 10,000 dollars she has been entrusted with ( for the red cross !
) into the stock market , and she needs to get the money somehow , so she turns to her friend , an asian salesman , who has his own ideas .
i liked this movie a lot , because i was really amazed at the treatment hollywood gave to the asian character .
he was treated very humanely and i guess the whole propaganda thing had n't quite kicked in yet in hollywood .
instead , hollywood was turning stuff out like this and , another great example , broken blossoms , with lillian gish .
the asian actor , sessue hayakawa does such a great job here , shining every scene he 's in .
hayakawa amazingly , later on went on to appear in bridge on the river kwai with alec guinness ! !

1
the cheat ( 1915 ) america was not at war yet , even though wwi was well under way in europe .
so there is a detached charm to the events -- red cross charities , parties , men heading out for a game of golf .
and the characters , part of an early long island set : a stock broker happily trying to make money , his rich wife who is n't rich enough ( she wants more gowns !
) , and an asian ivory merchant .
the wife is played with early frank energy by fannie ward , pretty well known in her day , and in fact married to the man playing her husband .
more eccentric is the asian man , legendary japanese actor kintaro hayakawa .
the title cards originally had him as a japanese merchant , but when japan protested ( they were allies with the us in wartime ) , it was altered in the 1918 release to a burmese merchant .
this is a little stretching it because he is so obviously japanese ( the tatami mats , the paper sliding doors , etc . ) but since he 's really just a long island eccentric it works out okay .
at just under an hour , the movie never has a chance to catch its breath , which is great .
there are nice sections tinted or blue .
the score is a bland small orchestra accompaniment , neither here nor there ( this is what the netflix streaming copy has ) .
the plot is slight , in reality , with money lost and a desperate and sometime scandalous effort to get it back .
a shocking moment two thirds of the way is its famous climax , a bit early maybe , followed by a trial .
the movie did n't cost much to make ( the same year as the hugely expensive `` birth of a nation `` ) , but it went on to great success , and is well preserved .
see it , yes .
a great , straight up entry into silent films about domestic upper class problems , and therefore without historical or exotic quirks that would otherwise dominate .
an early cecil b. de mille film .

1
now this one is really fun !
the district attorney ( ford sterling ) is having an affair with the judge 's wife ( minta durfee ) .
this entertaining story is full of twists , turns , and close shaves and is almost a bedroom farce .
the actors are up for the occasion as all principals play their parts well .
there are also some hilarious sight gags such as ford 's walking on a clothesline tightrope style .
there are more !
quality acting and funny sight gags ensure a whopping good time watching this film .

1
court house crooks is undoubtedly among the more memorable comedies from keystone .
while it perhaps does n't include very many particularly funny moments , the two-reeler has a decent ( if simple ) story which is well structured , and it even offers a couple of amusing special effects .
it 's also interesting to see harold lloyd 's performance as an innocent bystander , wrongly accused of theft -- this is one of the few times we get an opportunity to witness lloyd in a as more than just another extra in the cast .
minta durfee is married to a judge , who loves his wife deeply .
although the feelings certainly are returned , minta leads a double-life without the husband 's knowledge , through her affair with the district attorney , played by keystone favorite ford sterling .
ready to celebrate their wedding anniversary , the judge accidentally drops his present to minta , a piece of expensive jewelry , on his way home ; ford happens to pass by shortly afterward and gives it immediately to minta as a gift .
so far , this might sound as a typical standard comedy from the , but the story is treated in a far more mature way than usual -- there 's remarkably little knock-about or unnecessary jumping around throughout the film .
ford throws the box in which he found the jewelry over a fence , and it happens to land in the hands of harold .
by now , the judge has discovered that his present is missing , and on his way back to the store , he discovers poor harold holding the box and believes he is the guilty .
the judge demands a trial in which he makes the decisions ( this was obviously at a time before a judge had to be neutral in a case , or , perhaps more probable , the world of keystone simply ignored such details ) .
ford is involved as well , as the attorney he is , and the boy quickly finds himself caught in a cell , while his mother and little sister cry .
he escapes by chance into the house of the judge , where he finds ford in the arms of minta ; ford promises that he 'll free the boy if he wo n't tell the judge about his affair .
as i write my review i realize that my description perhaps does n't make this two-reeler sound very tempting , so i choose to stop here , more or less .
i can assure you : court house crooks ca n't be considered an excellent start to newcomers of silent comedy , but it differs remarkably from almost any other i 've ever seen ; and i 've spent quite a while on them .
with the exception of sterling , who plays his usual character , there 's very little overacting and one can even glimpse bits of sincere love and humanity .
the special effects i mentioned above are also a treat ; first , ford sterling balances on a rope tied between minta 's and another house ; second , harold 's little sister does a clever attempt to save her beloved brother with the help of a mirror and the sun .
i ran over court house crooks on a vhs entitled the original keystone comedies volume five , accompanied by a couple of other , less interesting one-reelers .
anyone interested in the development of early comedy should not miss this one ; and it 's also recommended to anyone seeking a charming story .

1
this is an early chaplin short .
almost all of his earliest films from 1914-1915 were plot less and pretty incoherent .
however , considering the generally poor quality of films of the time , they were adored by the public .
it was only a few years later that chaplin 's films began to be great works of art -- with real scripts , higher production values and some coherence .
this film is one of chaplin 's earliest .
and , considering how early it was made , it 's surprising how much plot there actually is .
charlie is a caveman in a land where there are 1000 women for every man .
he defeats the leader of the tribe and becomes king .
later , when the old king returns and bonks charlie on the head , he awakens in the present as a cop is hitting him over the head with a club .
apparently it was all a silly dream .
the film had a few cute moments , but only a few .
not a terrible film when compared to the fare of the day , but pretty skipable despite having a very unusual plot .

1
this short from keystone studios stars ford sterling ( who usually played a villain or leader of the keystone kops ) , minta durfee ( fatty arbuckle 's real-life wife ) and charley chase ( made up to look middle-aged though he was only 22 ) .
a friend ( chase ) comes to see a friend ( sterling ) and his wife ( durfee ) .
the wife is taken with chase and soon she and sterling start fighting .
this is interrupted by a visit from the insurance man -- apparently she 's getting her not so beloved husband insured .
when chase sees this , he plans on doing away with his ` friend ' and marrying the widow .
but to do it , he convinces sterling to fake suicide to teach his wife a lesson -- while planning on actually killing him in the process !
while rather mean-spirited , it certainly is a novel idea for a film .
what happens next you 'll just need to see for yourself .
like so many of the early comedies , subtlety is not at all evident here , as the actors overact shamefully .
and , like too many early slapstick films it relies too much on a character wildly firing his gun for supposed comedic effect .
but it 's still a lot of fun and interesting because all three of the main characters in the film are all a bit wicked .
and , i loved the final shot in the movie .

1
could be spoilers polly moran is the most ` live ' character of this slapstick romance , playing a girl who 's in love with beefy ` matinee idol ' hale hamilton .
the theatre property man and local do n't take her seriously until she inherits millions from a dead uncle , then they engage in a slapstick fight to the finish to win her for their own , while she pines for her ` matinee idol ' .
there are some fairly clever gags , in this film , but mostly slapstick laughs - and the better kind of slapstick , definitely .
i generally shy away from the frenetic ` keystone style ' , but this is a paced , building comedy that manages to get a little character development in , on the side .
the biggest problem i had with it is that , due to film quality and costume , it became very difficult to tell polly moran 's father from the theatre manager , leading to some confusion in the viewing .
this is a funny little film , with the two men who formerly rejected her trying hard to woo her back , while she 's trying to woo a man who wo n't have anything to do with her .

1
this is the first time i 've seen a film starring polly moran .
boy , what expressions she has on her , sort of a carol burnett quality to her face and body .
in a nutshell , she stands to inherit some money after her uncle dies .
when some members of a theatre nearby read about this , they , formally having rejected her , now rush to ask for her hand .
she , instead , pines for the leading man of the play which she offers to back if he 'll make her his leading lady .
he does which he might have regretted since she causes many disasters to happen during performance ... plenty of slapstick fights happen during the party of men all there to ask for polly 's hand but the real laughs are during the play where the props fall down and polly herself ends up literally hanging by a curtain !
well worth seeing for that alone .
this was another pretty funny outing from mack sennett .

1
although the title must have been intended ironically , life sure does look simple for mabel normand and roscoe `` fatty `` arbuckle in this pleasant little keystone comedy .
roscoe works on a farm owned by mabel 's father , and the two of them are secretly betrothed .
mabel , introduced by a title card simply reading `` she was happy , `` is shown handling ( and kissing ) a calf .
roscoe , who is introduced with the phrase `` poor but honest , `` deals with the cattle , and rural life seems idyllic .
before long , of course , knockabout comedy erupts when roscoe has a bit of a run-in with farm hand joe bordeaux , and we 're also offered a memorable sample of barnyard humor when mabel squirts milk from a cow 's udder through a in a fence , right into roscoe 's eye .
trouble erupts when young mr. jenkins , the wealthy squire 's son -- an uncharacteristically dapper al st. john -- shows up to collect the rent .
mabel 's father , who drinks on the sly , offers the young man a snort , and jenkins ' reaction makes it clear that the stuff is in all but name .
once he 's recovered , jenkins conveys the news that his father would be willing to tear up the mortgage if mabel were to marry his son , i.e . jenkins jr. .
this arrangement sounds perfectly acceptable to mabel 's father , but when mabel rejects it out of hand she is locked in her room .
roscoe comes to the rescue , and the lovers have no choice but to elope in a fast car -- a car that turns out to have a mind of its own and an ornery `` personality `` -- while mabel 's father , the squire 's son , and the local constabulary give chase on bicycles .
based on the outline above this may sound like just another typical keystone comedy , and i suppose it is , but mabel and fatty 's simple life stands out as an unusually sweet and charming entry by the standards of this rowdy studio , and it 's also one of the most enjoyable of the many films that co-starred mabel and roscoe .
it 's easy to see why they were such a popular pair , and why some viewers assumed they were married in reality , which they were n't .
they look good together , they play off each other beautifully and their interpersonal chemistry just feels right , like such latter-day movie teams as fred astaire & ginger rogers or william powell & myrna loy .
early on in this film , when they kiss and roscoe pretends to be disgusted , it looks like a spontaneous moment you might witness between an actual couple .
when mabel argues with her father , refusing to marry the squire 's son and protesting `` but i love roscoe ! ``
( it 's easy to read her lips ) , she illustrates her preference with a gesture indicating tummy roundness , and on one level the gesture can be regarded as simplistic pantomime typical of the era , yet when mabel does it she somehow makes it real , and conveys a warmth of feeling for her beau that transcends silent movie play-acting .
by all accounts mabel and roscoe were genuinely fond of each other , and that comes across even when the action turns silly or frantic .
they sure look like they 're having fun .
for viewers who know something about the personal histories of these performers even a lightweight romp like mabel and fatty 's simple life can look poignant in retrospect .
this film features several close-ups of mabel that can melt your heart across the span of eight decades .
suffice to say , off-camera in the real world both normand and arbuckle would have rough roads to travel , but in these films time is frozen and they are forever young , healthy and successful , with seemingly bright futures ahead .
he 's poor but honest , and she 's happy .

1
this fatty normand finds the two of them down on the farm where her dad does n't approve of his daughter 's interest in a guy with no future .
he 's got plans for her to marry the son of the richest man in the county who coincidentally enough has the mortgage on the property .
i nearly blew my mind when i saw the handsome , but shallow suitor was al st. john who later became a comic sidekick in hundreds of b westerns .
he also was fatty arbuckle 's nephew .
arbuckle and normand are a pretty funny pair and that last scene with them fleeing in a car to get over the state line so they can marry is pretty hilarious .
remember what cars were back in those days , rather tricky things and fatty 's seems to have a mind of its own .
ironic indeed that both arbuckle and normand were involved in two of the biggest scandals and earliest ones in film history and both came to a premature end .
still they are funny pair to enjoy and appreciate today .

1
this comedy short actually has a plot -- a rarity for an early keystone film !
fatty is married to a horrid woman who browbeats him unmercifully .
it seems that fatty 's wife makes him do all the work around the house !
his next door neighbor is a nice lady , but her husband is the jealous type and thinks something might be going on when his wife and fatty are outside doing laundry .
later , both couples separately decide to go for a walk in the park -- the same park that is featured in many keystone films .
at the park , fatty 's wife falls asleep and gives him a moment to relax .
he sneaks away and meets up with his pretty neighbor and asks her to accompany him to the snack bar .
but , as his wife has all the money , he sneaks back and takes her purse .
when the old battleaxe wakes up a little later , she thinks her purse has been stolen and thinks the man next door did it !
this is a cute comedy of errors and is highly reminiscent of a later arbuckle film , fatty 's chance acquaintance ( also from 1915 -- made only two months later ) .
unfortunately , in many of the early keystone films , they used and re-used story ideas and variations on them again and again .

1
back in the 1910s , one of the most common , if not the most common themes in comedy shorts were cheating spouses .
in fact , keystone studios made many shorts in which charlie chaplin , fatty arbuckle or other comedians went to the exact same park near the studio and had cops chasing the cheating spouses about the park .
so , this film is certainly not opening up any new territory with its theme .
the film begins in fatty and mabel 's apartment .
fatty is showing way too much attention to the maid and mabel chews him out good .
fatty 's response and her response to this is priceless .
then , in a neighboring apartment , pretty much the same sort of scene is occurring between another couple , harry and minta .
both couples decide on their own to go the park .
once at the park , fatty sneaks away and makes eyes at minta .
and , when they are gone , harry is putting the moves on mabel .
none of the spouses seem particularly bothered by these new advances ... that is until the cops intervene .
it seems that this park has signs posted that say `` no spooning allowed `` and any show of affection -- even putting your arm around a lady or chit-chatting is forbidden ( gee ... it makes you wonder how any of us got to be here , then !
) .
none of the couples really do anything bad , but the cops descent like locusts ( and this is pretty funny ) .
fatty and minta are arrested and mabel and harry narrowly escape .
what a crazy world !
aside from the clichã©d hitting fatty upside the head with a ( a very tired and common clichã© of the day ) and the repetitiveness of the theme in this film , the action is good , acting very good and the whole thing is a very good example of good quality slapstick .

1
they tell a lot of whoppers in here , everything from fictitious people and inciting events that never happened to a secret passage in the fort .
there 's a lot of propaganda here too ( and let 's just not get into the number of coonskin hats ) .
there 's also plenty to offend modern sensibilities today , as almost every north american stereotype of mexicans is displayed , as is douglas fairbanks ... in blackface .
that said , this first feature film ( a ) about the alamo ( the very first alamo film came out four years earlier but has been lost ) tells us a lot about how people less than 80 years after the event and less than 70 years after the end of the mexican-american war remembered it .
bowie , travis , and crockett are there , of course , but the viewpoint character is actually deaf smith ( here called silent smith ) .
i did n't recall hearing about deaf smith before , but after looking him up on the net , realize just how important he was in that struggle .
the chief reason for his importance -- his marriage to a latina and the contacts in both american and mexican circles that enabled him to earn the nickname `` the texas spy `` -- is n't in the film , but at least they acknowledged his presence at the scene and the importance of his role then .
the resemblance between his portrait and the actor who plays him , sam de grasse ( who fairbanks fans will remember fondly for his portrayal of prince john in `` robin hood `` ) , is also remarkable .
the camera techniques are excellent , too , and must have been groundbreaking in 1915 .
there are two challenges here : scenes where large numbers of actors , including soldiers on horseback , must move through small spaces ( the streets of san antonio ) without overwhelming the audience , as well as battle scenes where a wide open expanse of land and sky has to be filled up with an attacking mexican army .
they solved the former by imaginative camera angles of the big picture interlaced with multiple , quickly moving close-ups of various important characters in the street during the crowd scenes .
they did the best they could with the latter , including a fish-eye view with wide borders during some of the charges on the alamo , but they really could have used more actors out there to convey the overwhelming numerical superiority of the mexican forces .
considering it was 1915 , though , what they did was very impressive .
i like the way the end , after santa anna 's men have broken into the fort , is filmed as a series of separate fights that fade into darkness .
one should point out , though , that in the real battle , santa anna did let all the women and children go .
at the very end , they also do something interesting with the flags that reminds me a little of the way a modern movie about the civil war , `` gods and generals , `` opens .
i saw the print that is available at the internet archive , .
it 's not of the best quality , with some but not all of the title cards at the end of the original reels still in the picture , and also with some break-up at the end .
it also has a good sound track that 's generally very epic and powerful , but it is n't tied in to what is showing on the screen .
something more in sync with the film 's scenes and with a few , lighter human melodies and country refrains reminiscent of the era , probably would enhance the experience .

1
`` the birth of a nation `` was the most influential film in this art form 's history , and its impact on subsequent pictures can be seen in those released shortly thereafter to those made many years later , but few other films so markedly demonstrate that influence than this one , `` martyrs of the alamo `` .
this is seen from the opening subtitle , `` the birth of texas `` , as well as in its structure , filming and editing of battle scenes , its racist depiction of mexicans , and its glorification of white americans and white women 's virtue .
like the director of `` martyrs of the alamo `` , christy cabanne , most of the film 's actors were griffith veterans , too .
fred burns , sam de grasse , allan sears , tom wilson , and walter long all worked on `` the birth of a nation `` , and alfred paget had also been a griffith regular .
griffith himself probably did n't directly have much to do with this one , concentrating mostly on his own films , but it was one of the many triangle pictures that he oversaw in a supervising capacity .
like `` the birth of a nation `` , `` martyrs of the alamo `` is also historically inaccurate .
many of the inaccuracies seem to be made to imitate griffith 's narrative .
others , such as the odd-looking alamo and frequency of coonskin caps are less accounted for .
one of the main for the texas revolution is ludicrously proposed to have been to protect the virtue of the female settlers from america .
one title cards reads : `` under the dictator 's rule the honor and life of american womanhood was held in contempt . ``
this is augmented by scenes of loafing mexican militiamen harassing female american settles and disrespecting the men -- mostly by not moving out of their way when they 're passing by .
likewise , in `` the birth of a nation `` , when blacks took control , they interracial marriage , which was a euphemism for black men raping white women , with the kkk then depicted as the saviors of the white woman 's virtue .
on the issue of race , there are also a few characters in blackface , but they 're mostly in the background of `` martyrs of the alamo `` ; not surprisingly , the film makes no mention of mexico 's prohibition of slavery and the opposition to that by american immigrants to texas .
this film is also highly derivative of `` the birth of a nation `` and other griffith films in its adoption and imitation of his grammar and technique for filming battle scenes .
it 's that the imitation is n't bad that makes this picture entertaining .
the editing is nicely fast paced , although occasionally choppy .
there 's extensive focus on individual skirmishes and crosscutting between those scenes .
varied camera positions are employed , including iris long shots .
these sequences are n't nearly as good as those in griffith 's mature work ( which were aided by cinematographer g.w . bitzer and editors james and rose smith ) , but they 're better than some other later derivative battle scenes , in addition to filmed battle scenes .
nevertheless , cabanne and his crew really do n't do anything innovative ; it 's copied from griffith and his coworkers .
one slight exception in differing style might be the extensive use of fades in `` martyrs of the alamo `` , but they 're uneven in length and purpose and often contribute to the sense of choppy editing .
some of the acting and characters in this film are rather amusing for 1915 .
james bowie and davy crockett are played like a buddy duo from their introduction , and paget ( he also played prince belshazzar in `` intolerance `` ) and sears ( also good in `` sold for marriage `` ) , as two of the better character actors of their day , never over-dramatized their parts .
long , however , hammed his part the most , which i think helps to deflect some of the inaccuracies and bigotry of the film .
in addition to having played the mexican leader santa anna here , long played gus in `` the birth of a nation `` , the black villain who tried to rape mae marsh 's childlike character .
as santa anna , long seems to have relished using broad gestures and grimacing his face .
the title cards even make his character more over-the-top , especially one that describes him thusly , `` an inveterate drug fiend , the dictator of mexico also famous for his shameful orgies . ``
also , douglas fairbanks supposedly had a bit part somewhere , this being before he became a star , but i did n't catch it .
overall , this is an entertaining imitation .
( note : the print shows signs of deterioration , but it 's slight enough .
the dvd quality is good for being a budget edition , and i found the score by michael boldt to be surprisingly and appropriately exciting , but there 's an annoying alamo trademark in the corner of the screen , which is constant .
)

1
turned mining prospector william s. hart ( as `` bat `` peters ) receives word that chicago businessman jack davidson ( as john folsom ) is interested in his mine .
mr. hart travels to the windy city to clinch the deal ; however , mr. davidson turns out to be crooked .
moreover , davidson 's innocent stenographer clara williams ( as may dawson ) takes an instant romantic interest in hart , which puts her life in danger ... hart portrays an refreshing variation of his already perfected persona ; herein , he is a reformed western outlaw , fighting corruption in the big city .
for good measure , he must save a damsel in distress .
ms. williams , working with hart , is outstanding .
williams was , unquestionably , hart 's best leading lady ; in this film , you can see why .
watch williams subtly `` check him out `` , as she brings hart into davidson 's office ; then , observe her sighing over hart at her typewriter .
and , she makes a modern woman 's play for the man she desires .
hart and company put effort into making `` the ruse `` an exciting picture , and it shows .
although williams ' early scenes are unparalleled , the others in the cast perform well .
davidson , early in his career , makes a good impression .
and , gertrude claire ( as mother grady ) plays a great hag .
however , the plot construction is weak , especially when contrasted with the film 's strengths .
******* the ruse ( ) william s. hart ~ william s. hart , clara williams , jack davidson

1
back in 1915 , most movies were not nearly as long as they became in the 1920s and beyond .
a full-length film might actually be only about 20 or 30 minutes back then .
so , when i watched `` the ruse `` , i was n't all that surprised that it was over in only about 20 minutes .
because of this , it 's almost like watching a cliff notes version of a western , as it goes by so quickly and seems to jump right into the action instead of building to it .
william s. hart is a prospector out west .
he 's decided to sell his property and retire -- after all , he 's seemingly struck it rich and some rich buyers from chicago want the mine .
however , hart does n't know that the man who contacted him about the place is actually a crook and plans on swindling him .
can good old william s. discover the plot and rescue his new lady friend ?
what do you think ?
if you compare this film to a western of the 30s or 40s , it 's clearly lacking .
however , in context , for 1915 it 's quite good and worth seeing .

1
... and paid attention to the written and spoken commentary , then if you are not terribly familiar with the people involved , you may taken on board a few false ideas : 1 : syd introduced brother charlie to fred karno and thus produced one of the greatest talents in the movies .
uh , not quite .
in fact , charlie had been a boy actor , quite possibly being in one of william gillette 's sherlock holmes productions in 1905 as ` billy the page . '
2 : this is the first appearance of syd in any home video of any syd chaplin movie .
well , there is a seven - or set of keystones that is still floating around in which three of syd 's ` ' shorts appear .
but of course , errors like that are irrelevant to any movie .
how good is this movie ?
it 's a pretty good keystone of the period , chaotic to the modern eye , but very funny .
and how is syd ?
well , you can see he 's charlie 's brother and also a graduate of the karno company ... look for the occasional ` interrupted line of movement ' gag that most people know as seeming to offer to shake hands , that turns into flattening one 's hair .

1
i am giving a submarine pirate a relatively high score of 7 even though it did n't seem all that funny .
that 's because compared to other films from 1915 , this is a better than average comedy and all the totally pointless kicking and shooting were rather typical clichã©s from films of that era .
in my opinion , silent comedies were n't particularly good during this time period and really came into their own in the 1920s when they studios refined the humor and bonking someone on the head or kicking them was no longer the big laugh-getter !
despite the sparsity of laughs , the film is amazingly long and complex for a 1915 product .
by comparison , most of charlie chaplin 's films from 1914-1915 were about 8 minutes and had only the barest of plots .
here , half-brother , syd chaplin , was given nearly half an hour -- practically full-length for the time .
as a result , the film was much more plot-driven than the norm .
the film begins with syd ( donning a kaiser mustache ) a waiter in a restaurant .
two men are plotting to use a submarine to rob ships .
instead of telling the authorities , syd decides to use their secret signal to get on the boat first and do the robbing himself .
much of this portion of the movie was slapstick but there were also a few good bits .
seeing syd do the routine with the hat as well as his juggling were very entertaining .
later , syd 's in an ill-fitting captain 's uniform and gives the signal for the sub to take him aboard .
despite the plan , in the end the plot is stopped thanks to the navy and you see some bizarre but funny bits with the periscope and the final scene where an obviously fake fish bites syd in the head that still made me laugh .
while nothing earth-shattering in these bits , they were cute and kept my attention .
i 'd love to know more about is the sub used in the final half of the movie .
the film makers actually were able to use a real submarine and i would love to know how they got permission to do this .
i also would like to know if the long shots of syd on the deck of the submerging ship were actually him or not -- it 's hard to tell and looked awfully dangerous .
overall , a decent film that is still watchable today .
a must for silent movie fans but not especially necessary for the casual film goer .

1
this screen adaptation of jules verne 's novel seems to have been timely .
two recent innovations changed the story 's relevancy .
the film was released in 1916 , when german u-boats were showing the effectiveness of submarines in war , including the sinking of the lusitania .
verne 's science fiction had only recently become more fully realized .
additionally , deep sea travelling was to be exploited by science .
indeed , some of the best sequences in this film are just of fish and sharks in the marine gardens as the characters look through captain nemo 's magic window .
another invention , the motion-picture underwater photography by the williamson brothers allowed for verne 's fiction to be more fittingly portrayed with cinema .
certainly , this was a remarkable effect for the art form in 1916 , and i think the underwater scenes remain the best parts of this film , with the exception of the cheesy octopus attack .
above water , the plot is plodding and confused .
unfortunately , the filmmakers tried to combine verne 's `` twenty thousand leagues under the sea `` with his sequel to it , `` the mysterious island `` .
consequently , through most of the photoplay , there are two parallel narratives loosely and connected .
nemo is also transformed into a dark-skinned muslim and his vengeful mission is changed , and a lengthy and foolish epilogue is added to make sense of the hodgepodge .
the science-fiction parts faithful to the title novel are superior to and mix poorly with the exoticism .
in addition , the acting is dated .
on the other hand , the shots of fish , sharks , the submarine and the diving suits are straightforward and retain interest especially due to the age and precedence .

1
ok , this movie is n't at all faithful to verne 's novels ( both 20000 leagues & mysterious island ) , but who cares .
it was too difficult for that time to stay close to the characters and to the relationship between and nemo , which is based on the talking , showing different philosophical points of vue .
so there we stick to a melodrama full of suspense and action .
the pacing is quite fast , for a 1916 movie .
a lot of characters and settings are involved , the cinematography is most of the time quite good and the actors are ... so so .
but it 's the editing that attracts attention here , in a narration full of `` editing `` as we say in french .
some sequences are composed of four or five parallel actions , and sometimes flashbacks are used to add another dimension to the melodrama .
the same fact is related three times by three different characters , each flashback being longer than its predecessor until the final revelation ( that we can guess early in the film , but , as for most of gender movies , the pleasure for the viewer comes from the combination between waited events and surprising elements ) narrated by nemo himself .
i do n't know anything as for the origin of the version i own on dvd , so this editing question is to stay questioned .
but as it is there ( i saw the 1h45 version , a copy ) , it 's a really imaginative movie , a sort of serial with a narration .
it is sometimes a little boring anyway , especially when it deals with and co ( ned land is useless , and the real hero of the movie arrives later on ) and with submarine sequences ( no so many , in fact , but a little childish sometimes ) .
the documentary aspect is anyway interesting ( the shark scene , an early cousteau sequence ) and from an historical point of view those sequences are very important .
a good movie , not as brilliant as the fleischer version , but entertaining and representative of the evolution of american cinema at that time .
just for the record : it 's quite possible that the nadia anime series by anno hideaki have been highly inspired by this movie ( i wo n't say anything else , avoiding spoilers .
watch for yourself ) .

1
this is one of the movies that made douglas fairbanks , along with mary pickford , gloria swanson and charlie chaplin , the leading member of the new american aristocracy , the movie star .
it is a pure star vehicle , with fairbanks leaping gracefully over park benches and wire fences , leavened with a little social satire .
true , his great production pieces of the 1920s -- the three musketeers , the thief of bagdad and my personal favorite , the iron mask -- lay ahead of him , but doug puts out star power at , even in old , beat-up prints .
if you do n't know fairbanks ' work , you 've got a treat ahead of you .

1
some days before , this german count mentioned that melodrama was one of the most important and highly reputed characteristics in italian film productions of the silent early years .
`` cenere `` , directed and co-starred by herr mari ) is an important display of that celebrated italian genre but , fortunately only in a superficial way .
the most important aspect of `` cenere `` is that it was the only film in which appeared the eminent italian stage actress dame eleonora duse .
she plays a poor woman who , incapable of raising and feed him , leaves her illegitimate son with foster parents .
before she leaves her boy , the woman gives to the child an amulet in order to protect him .
the amulet will be the key to put him in connection with his old mother when the boy grows up .
with such a tearful story , `` cenere `` might have been another one of those many and simplistic melodramas of those early days .
however , thanks to the restrained and excellent eleonora duse 's performance ( although the actress was disappointed with quality of this film ) the movie is both emotive and realistic .
herr mari 's direction is notable for two remarkable aspects , being `` cenere `` is a kind of ( if german may be permitted ) `` in italian style `` ( most part of the film passes , among mother and son only , in her humble home ) .
despite its primitive direction , it pays special attention to the sardinia landscapes and the hard labours of the workmen while involving them into the story .
for these reasons , `` cenere `` it is for this german count , a special and soulful italian melodrama .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count wants to pay a visit to his octogenarian teutonic mother to who has not seen during the last century .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
after having seen in the `` schloss `` , `` the count `` , a film directed by herr charles chaplin in the silent year of 1916 , this german count must enumerate both the accurate and inaccurate elements in order to prevent the many misunderstandings that still persist among the longhaired around the world and the provincial aristocracy , even after centuries .
inaccurate : â· a genuine count 's secretary never accompanies his master to a ball â· the free style dancing is not allowed in a ball â· in an elegant and aristocratic dinner , ordinary foods such as watermelon or spaghetti never are served .
ÿ· a wealthy heiress never dances with a man in civvies â· a wealthy heiress usually is not young , thin or charming .
accurate : â· the servants always cause problems for their masters â· the aristocratic floors always are waxed â· the aristocratic servants wear slovenly wigs â· a genuine count wears top hat and matching moustache those were necessary clarifications so in this way it does depict aristocratic business in the correct manner .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must continue in this aristocratic corporate spirit .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
chaplin edited , wrote , directed , and produced his fifth film for the mutual film corporation , and as with each of his previous films with the company , they 're all a departure from the preceding film .
in this film , chaplin plays a tailor 's assistant who gets fired from his job ( by eric campbell ) for his inability to properly measure a lady for a dress .
he gets booted out by campbell and happens upon a cook in a kitchen who almost immediately has to hide him from what appears to be her spouse or employer .
plenty of fun ensues as chaplin does not care to be holed up in close quarters with a smelly or burned offering from the cook .
chaplin runs into his old boss in a glitzy mansion , as his boss is there to impersonate a count , so he can wed miss moneybags ( played by edna purviance ) and avoid toiling away as a tailor .
his ex-boss quickly decides chaplin can pose as his secretary , so he can continue his pursuit of purviance as the `` count `` .
from here on in , chaos ensues .
chaplin ends up competing with his ex-boss for purviance 's hand , namely on the dance floor where chaplin exhibits the most anatomically unfeasible dance moves one could imagine .
there 's plenty of fun at the dinner table also as spaghetti and watermelon are both served !
audiences loved when the common man got the better of the upper-crust , and so it 's no wonder chaplin used this idea of posing as or being mistaken for upper class society with regularity .
however , in this film , the antics and plot development are much more harried than usual .
*** of 4 stars .

1
in 1914 and early 1915 , chaplin did his first comedy shorts .
in general , they were pretty awful -- with almost no plot and consisting of him mugging it up on camera and hitting people .
however , in 1915 he left keystone studio and began making better films with ( though there are some exceptions ) and finally , in 1916 , to mutual where he made his best comedy shorts .
these newer films had more plot and laughs and usually did n't rely on punching or kicking when they ran out of story ideas .
this film is n't bad , but it does seem a bit hard to follow thanks to a lack of title cards in the film to explain the action .
my assumption is that the original version had them but they were n't in the prints used to make the essential charlie chaplin collection set .
charlie is a tailor 's assistant and his boss finds an invitation for the county to a fancy dinner .
the boss decides to go in the count 's place so he can try to marry the rich young lady throwing the party ( though what woman in her right mind would want this creep ?
) .
charlie also goes to the same home , but to visit with the cook .
later , he sneaks away and crashed the party and finds his evil boss putting the moves on this lady .
shortly afterwords , the real count shows up and the ruse is exposed .
like another reviewer stated , this is pretty reminiscent of the rink , though the rink is a clearly superior film because the count has very few laughs .
an interesting story but just not all that funny .
i did , however , love chaplin 's physicality in the film -- he was incredibly agile and watching him move was a treat .

1
charlie chaplin 's fifth film for mutual is a somewhat simpler film than its immediate predecessors the vagabond and one a.m. and is more reminiscent of his essanay work , albeit it more sophisticated and slightly funnier .
chaplin plays an inept tailor 's assistant who gets fired for burning a count 's trousers .
his boss ( eric campbell ) finds an invitation to a party at the house of miss moneybags ( edna purviance ) and decides to impersonate the rich count in order to marry the attractive , rich girl .
chaplin is also at the party having snuck in through the back door and beats campbell to the impersonation .
all hell breaks lose though when the real count arrives , along with the police to chase out the impostors .
the count features lots of funny moments but lacks the knockout blow of the likes of one a.m. or the bank .
it 's testament to the quality of chaplin 's mutual films that i felt disappointed by the count even though it is far superior to a lot of his essanay work .
although there were no huge laughs to be found here i still chuckled a lot .
for me the funniest scene was the opener in which chaplin is taking a woman 's measurements .
first he measures her ears , then her lips before mistakenly giving her a five foot waste and finishing off by measuring one finger .
it was totally bonkers .
i also liked his embarrassment with regards to going near any of her more private areas and measured her bottom with a ruler from about four feet away .
another funny scene comes late on in the final chase .
here chaplin is chased through a house and across a slippery dance floor in a very well choreographed sequence .
there are obvious comparisons to be made between this film and a jitney elopement in which chaplin again impersonates a count to gain edna purviance 's affections .
chaplin is able to create humour in both films around the dinner table , a trait that continued into the rest of his career .
personally i prefer a jitney elopement to the count but both films have their merits .
one final thing of note here is eric campbell 's beard .
it is simply extraordinary even by his standards .
i 've never seen anything like it before .
ridiculous facial hair is something that is evident in most of chaplin 's earlier films but i think it reaches new levels in the count .
www.attheback.blogspot.com

1
charlie chaplin goes to a party and he pretends to be a certain count .
he does n't act like a count but they all believe he is one until the real count shows up .
this is another fine charlie chaplin movie where he does some nice satire on higher society .
it starts a little slow but once they are on that party it gets very funny .

1
in this short , subtitled `` the phoney ( sic ) nobleman `` on-screen , charlie chaplin plays a tailor 's apprentice fired for a woman 's waist , since he had his measuring tape circling both the customer 's bottom and the mannequin 's middle at the same time .
the tailor 's apprentice makes the notation `` waste -- five feet , `` which apparently is not accurate enough to meet his employer 's standards .
which is an analogous situation to the accuracy displayed by imdb , versus wikipedia 's standards .
while wikipedia requires a source footnote for every claimed `` fact , `` imdb frequently runs with misinformation .
take the running time of this short as an example .
imdb baldly claims it is `` 34 minutes . ``
my dvd time counter states otherwise : 20 minutes , 32 seconds .
hence , imdb is claiming -- seemingly with no authority -- that my dvd was missing per cent of this film .
however , i studied the 12 user reviews about the count previously submitted to imdb during the past 10 years , and every second described in all of them were contained in the on my dvd .
logically , this means there is either of secret self-contained prologue and \ or epilogue material contained in some arcane description of the original no one at imdb sees fit to share with us ordinary users , or the folks who run this site just plug in any old `` technical specifications `` with no effort to check for accuracy .
( as an underemployed fact checker , i not only would be happy to help out with this possible need -- hopefully on on full-time , paid basis , but i know of several other people that are qualified and able to pitch in during this time of need .
)

1
another one of those and chaplin short , but hell , that 's always funny !
the story starts of with charlie working in a .
great gags there while measuring a woman and destroying a jacket .
because he screws up he gets fired .
him and campbell both attend to the party of edna 's 20th birthday , while actually a count was invited .
when exposed , charlie gets chased around the place and finally leaves into the distant .
pretty funny stuff from the master of slapstick .
not his best , but not his worst either .
and a mediocre chaplin still is way better than an average movie ... 7/10 .

1
when the only known print of this film was found in a barn in washington state several years ago it was a happy discovery for several reasons .
first , gretchen the greenhorn is one of the rare surviving features starring dorothy gish solo -- that is , without her sister lillian .
it is also a rare example of the work of brothers chester and sidney franklin , who made some twenty films together in the silent era ; sidney went on to have a long and distinguished hollywood career as a director and producer .
it 's also one of the comparatively few surviving products of the fine art film co. , an organization supervised by d.w. griffith during the period he was releasing his work through the triangle corporation .
griffith 's name does not appear in the credits , and he may have made little or no contribution , but a number of directorial touches suggest the influence of his biograph shorts and there are several biograph veterans in the cast , including miss gish , ralph lewis , kate bruce , and elmo lincoln , while featured player eugene palette acted in this film just after finishing his role in griffith 's intolerance .
but for all the background on this film 's pedigree there is a simpler reason we can celebrate the discovery of gretchen the greenhorn : it 's a charming movie , skillfully crafted with a degree of cinematic sophistication impressive for its time , the sort of movie that comes as a pleasant surprise to modern day viewers unfamiliar with silent films .
it was not a major release but rather a `` programmer , `` the sort of second feature that would later be termed a b-picture , and yet like the best b-pictures of the '30s and '40s it tells its story briskly and entertainingly , with some technical flourishes we do n't expect to find in a modestly-budgeted production .
the plot is easily summarized : dorothy gish plays the title character , a girl from holland who emigrates to america to join her father , jan , who is struggling to establish himself in business as an engraver .
they live in a poor urban neighborhood ( presumably in new york , although this is never specified ) where people of all backgrounds struggle to get by .
gretchen is courted by a young italian , pietro , who lives across the hall , and she unofficially adopts an irish boy , mickey , who lives nearby .
when jan naively allows himself to be used by a gang of counterfeiters the well-being of gretchen and her little family is threatened , but in the end the neighbors rally around and the crooks are defeated .
one of the most interesting aspects of this film is its rich depiction of tenement life .
the city 's immigrant culture is presented with what feels like documentary realism , stylized to be sure but grittier than what we see in later hollywood films , and presented without undue squalor or sentimentality .
in gretchen 's neighborhood dutch immigrants intermingle with italians , irish , asians , and african americans , and for the most part the film is free of the racial stereotyping that mars a lot of early films for today 's viewers .
the ethnic melting pot atmosphere is nicely captured in an amusing title card describing pietro 's serenade : `` he woos her with her native dutch songs , sung in english with an italian accent . ``
this film was made before `` hollywood `` meant artificial studio sets and rear projection , so most of the scenes ( whether in alleys , on rooftops , or on shipboard ) were taken in actual locations .
the cinematography is first-rate , with natural light and shadows used for striking compositions .
color tints were utilized for some scenes , and happily these tints were still evident in the surviving print .
two other photographic techniques , though dated , are nonetheless strikingly effective : the framing of facial close-ups on solid black backdrops , and the use of a `` masking iris `` to highlight key portions of the image .
the most fascinating cinematic effect is saved for the wedding finale , which was filmed entirely in a series of close-ups on black backgrounds and edited into a rapid montage .
this is the kind of bravura experimentation usually associated with the german expressionist classics of the '20s , and it concludes gretchen the greenhorn on an exhilarating note .
dorothy gish gives a charming but low-key performance , and the other players seem to follow her lead : there is no sign of the mugging or arm-waving histrionics so often associated with silent movie acting .
eugene palette , remembered mainly as a rotund , character actor in such comedy classics as my man godfrey and the lady eve , is surprisingly effective -- and slim !
-- as the villainous gang leader , rogers .
the stolid ship captain in cahoots with rogers is played by elmo lincoln , two years before he earned screen ( and trivia question ) immortality as the cinema 's first tarzan .
in sum , there are a number of reasons to be grateful that this fascinating film was recovered from that barn in washington .
one last good reason , especially if you own property in the area , is that several tins of 35mm nitrate stock could easily have blown that barn sky high and scorched the countryside for miles around !
what were those tins doing in a barn in the first place ? ! ?

1
this william s. hart film is an exciting film to watch -- particularly at the end .
however , it 's almost like two separate films grafted not too seamlessly together .
part of the film is a morality play about god and redemption .
in this regard , the film is awfully `` heavy-handed `` and melodramatic .
it probably played pretty well back in 1916 , but today it just looks very , very , very preachy .
the other part is about hart taking revenge on an evil little town by burning it down and killing a lot of scumbags in the process -- and is very reminiscent of clint eastwood 's high planes drifter .
as you can guess , the two goals of the film ca n't exactly work together .
it 's a lot like combining terminator with the greatest story ever told ! ! !
as a result , the strong religious message will turn off many and the violence and almost demonic reaction of hart when he takes retribution will most likely turn off evangelical christians .
a very odd and muddled film indeed .
but , i must also say that despite the stupidness of the plot , the final portion of the film when the city is burned to the ground is amazing and breathtaking to watch .
the film earns a seven just for this and the film is well worth seeing because of this .

1
this film is often cited for developing douglas fairbanks 's movie stardom .
he starred in two previous films , `` the lamb `` and `` double trouble `` ( both 1915 ) , but `` his picture in the papers `` is credited with fleshing out fairbanks 's persona for the first part of his career in modern comedies -- before he turned to swashbucklers -- and for introducing some of the fundamentals and wit characteristic of the formulas for these pictures .
it was his first collaboration with john emerson and anita loos , both of whom would support fairbanks in several of his best early comedies , including `` the mystery of the leaping fish `` ( 1916 ) and `` wild and woolly `` ( 1917 ) .
even in the fairbanks comedies where those two are not credited , it may be said that their influence is demonstrated by the adoption of similar vehicles for the star .
alistair cooke ( `` douglas fairbanks : the making of a screen character `` ) praised emerson and loos for `` a willingness to let fairbanks 's own restlessness set the pace of the shooting and his gymnastics be the true improvisations on a simple scenario . ``
indeed , there is plenty of fast-paced editing here -- sometimes the shot successions are too quick , i think .
the train gag seemed especially choppy .
yet , i generally prefer a bit too quick to some of the lethargic early features .
there 's an especially good match cut where doug gets out of bed cut to his purchasing an automobile .
additionally , the scenario provides doug with the usual romance and a goal ( this time , an ironic effort by him struggling to attract publicity ) , which prominently feature his athleticism , seemingly effortless acrobatics , boyish masculinity , and smile .
as in some of his later vehicles ( e.g . `` wild and woolly `` , `` reaching for the moon `` ) , he 's trapped in a dull office job and modern society ; in this one , he secretly indulges in while trying to sell his father 's vegetarian product , and when he kisses a girl , he does so on the mouth , instead of the `` sanitary kiss `` the melville character gives by tapping a face with his fingers .
`` his picture in the papers `` , however , does n't have as cohesive a scenario as some of fairbanks 's later pictures .
the subplot of the girl 's father 's problems with the weasel gang , for example , should 've been dropped .
in ranking loos the 25th most influential person in film history , scott smith ( `` the film 100 `` ) cites her work on `` his picture in the papers `` and her earlier work at biograph under griffith for introducing the role of dialogue cards ( or intertitles ) and her witty phrases for introducing satire to cinema .
`` she was the unspoken ` voice ' of lillian gish , mary pickford , and douglas fairbanks , `` smith said .
in one title card , when melville kisses the girl , it says , `` note the kiss `` : an example of loos making a wisecrack directly to the audience .
another card calls attention to the movie being a movie : `` ai n't he the reel hero ? ``
loos wrote similarly revealing , self-referential winks in fairbanks 's other films .
title cards are especially plentiful in the film 's introduction , which slow down the otherwise fast pace of shot successions .
`` his picture in the papers `` is n't the best of fairbanks 's modern comedies , but it 's a good introduction to these films and , as somewhat the beginning of them , is historically interesting in tracing the evolution of fairbanks 's screen persona and the characteristics of his vehicles .

1
a sprightly early fairbanks film .
although too much of the story is told through intertitles , douglas usual physical gags , including much building climbing and witty situations make for a good time .
look for erich von stroheim ( who was also an assistant director ) as a member of the gang .

1
douglas fairbanks as pete prindle , is the son of the wealthy owner of prindle products which produces a rather disgusting sounding ( e.g , ` pre - digested prunes ' ) line of nutritious processed foods aimed at the vegetarian market .
pete does n't think much of the foods and is not interested in the business ; he comes to work late and does n't do much once he 's there .
pete falls in love with christine , the daughter of one of prindle 's distributors but her father tells him he wo n't allow a marriage until pete official owns half of prindle 's products .
but pete 's father tells him he wo n't be in the business at all until he gets his pictures in the papers promoting prindle products .
pete comes up with some amusing schemes to get this done but these are unsuccessful until he is a hero in preventing a train wreck .
fairbanks had the most engaging smile in moviedom and added to that an athleticism and comic timing that makes for always enjoyable watching .
this movie has an over abundance of title cards but it also has one of the funniest and most memorable title cards - `` ai n't he the reel hero ? ``
the movie also includes some fascinating scenes of the atlantic city boardwalk .
fortunately , flicker alley has issued a wonderful set of fairbanks modern comedies and their print of this one is excellent .

1
considering that 's review talks about the different versions of lear and the abysmal quality of the televista print , there is n't a lot of need for me to go over all this again .
suffice to say , this version i am reviewing is the most complete but also an amazingly ugly print -- something true of every televista film i have seen .
this company constantly brings the most obscure films to dvd ( a major plus ) and never restores them in any way -- and many are barely watchable .
considering how few people want to see these obscure films , i guess i can understand why no restoration work is done -- it 's just a shame they are so gosh-darn ugly .
as far as `` king lear `` goes , it may seem pretty poor to modern audiences because the acting is occasionally overdone , there is little in the way of suspense ( such as immediately recognizing his son in the film ) and the costumes are mostly wrong ( like they are from some biblical epic ) .
however , despite these limitations , the film is very good for 1916 and the essence of shakespeare 's tale is all here .
i 'll be honest -- this is the sort of film that would not appeal to most people .
but , if you are a cinephile or silent film freak , it 's well worth seeing -- especially if you compare it to the various other silent versions ( i think this one is best ) .
not without its charms -- this one holds up fairly well today .

1
... because i actually think this is one of .
john comedies .
the three main characters remain consistent throughout -- amoral fatty , hot-tempered al , and buster -- and their story lines are nicely interwoven .
good use is made of luna park , and newton 's law ( `` every action has an equal and opposite reaction `` ) is thoroughly tested .
the two women , agnes neilson and alice mann , are both skilled actresses , in the vaudevillian manner , and have a few nice little comic bits of their own .
( also , love that striped bathing suit !
) some of the keystone kop ( `` comique cop `` ?
) business got a little tiresome for me , but whatever ... i 've still watched this picture about 5 times , and will watch it more once i actually buy the dvd .
another symptom of my oncoming mental illness is that , after seeing a pile of these comique things , i 'm starting to think al st. john is kind of cute .
i guess he 's an acquired taste , like beer , or arsenic , but you ca n't deny his slapstick ability .
watch the terrific he makes after fatty pushes him into buster at the bell-ringing stand .
and i love the way he looks just like a terrier when he makes his `` angry `` face .
part of the fun of watching these shows is not so much to laugh at the falls and fighting -- i 'm not sure they would have been considered so hilarious even in their own day .
but to know that these are all real stunts , that the actors really could jump and tumble like that , is awe-inspiring .
it 's like watching jackie chan 's stunts .
and the comique boys did n't have the help of cg tricks , and probably could only do a limited number of takes .
the alloy orchestra 's soundtrack for the kino dvd is problematic for a lot of people , but boy , that 's a rollicking luna park theme .
just try to resist dancing or at least bouncing to it .

1
this is n't all that funny a film and the jokes seem pretty ordinary .
fatty and his hideous wife are at the beach and he soon disappears to try and have some fun chasing women ( a very familiar arbuckle plot ) .
al st. john wants the same girl to himself and buster keaton just floats in and out of various scenes like they really were n't sure what to do with him .
however , despite all this , i loved watching this film because it game such a wonderful glimpse of luna park at coney of a by-gone era .
some of the rides look so wonderful and the scene where fatty and the girl are thrown from the boat are really good .
it 's actually a very important film as a historical record of the place .
however , this aspect is perhaps the only reason to rush out and see this movie .
without the coney clips , i would only give this film a 4 or maybe even a 5 .

1
considering the popularity of roscoe arbuckle , i have been disappointed by the few features i 've seen him in .
coney island is an ok 2 reeler , filmed at coney island in 1917 .
that 's the major point of interest : coney island .
blah story that makes little sense is a series of badly done pratfalls on dry land and in the sea .
arbuckle dresses up as a fat lady but this gag goes nowhere .
buster keaton is his rival for the interest of alice mann .
keaton ( very early in his film career ) is ok ; mann has weird hair .
worst of all is the grotesque al st. john , as a bow-legged and toothless goon .
he overacts and is repulsive .
agnes neilson plays the wife ( so why is fatty chasing mann ?
) and looks like a youngish maude eburne .
along with the plot less story , what 's missing here ( compared to chaplin 's and lloyd 's films of the same era ) is precision .
arbuckle 's many pratfalls are obviously staged and even when he 's supposed to be getting hit , it never really looks like it -- he just reacts .
keaton fares better here but has little to do .
also , while chaplin , lloyd , and keaton all developed personae that fit their styles of comedy , arbuckle has little to offer other than being fat .
his character has no personality .
based on this lack and his 1921 `` feature , `` leap year , i doubt that arbuckle would have had much of a starring career as the 1920s progressed and film audiences grew more sophisticated .

1
this is a good douglas fairbanks western .
reportedly , fairbanks was a western history aficionado , and he made a few westerns in between his generally more comedies of the 1910s and before his transition to swashbucklers in the 1920s .
this film `` the man from painted post `` and `` wild and woolly `` ( 1917 ) are the only two i 've seen , but he also starred in `` the good bad man `` , `` the half-breed `` ( both 1916 ) , `` ' south `` ( 1918 ) and `` the knickerbocker buckaroo `` ( 1919 ) .
`` wild and woolly `` is more comedy than western , and it pokes fun at the protagonist 's romanticizing of the west ; `` the man from painted post `` , however , is a more traditional western , although it includes some of doug 's characteristic sense of humor and smooth athletic stunts .
regardless , this film is somewhat darker and more dramatic than the other available early films of fairbanks -- and there 's more exposition than usual for this star 's vehicles and a few unnecessary long explanatory title cards .
at the beginning , we 're shown a flashback of our protagonist 's sister being gunned down and dying in his arms , which explains his contemporary employment as a `` detective `` for cattle ranchers -- that is , a good hired gunman who fights off cattle rustlers , which just seems to be his way of seeking revenge or justice .
yet , doug plays much of the film with his typical smile and wit , so the result is a somewhat underdeveloped western dramedy .
to complicate matters , there 's also a love interest for doug , as usual .
additionally , ` bull ' madden , played by frank campeau , is appropriately an especially detestable villain , who we see abusing his wife , attempting to force himself onto another woman , and pushing a child around , in addition to drinking , cattle rustling and generally endangering others ' lives and well-being .
( note : i saw a rather poor , dark reduction transfer , which included a few intertitles that were nearly illegible .
consequently , the photography of wyoming 's landscape did n't register very well , although some of the shots , such as the final cloudy horizon view remain lovely .
)

1
`` englishman , there is room in each heart but for one love - mine is for france ! ``
... what spiritually profound words by joan the woman , one of the most controversial figures in history : a simple peasant girl for her relatives , joan the milkmaid for the british conquerors , joan the leader for french army , and joan the witch for some clergy .
finally , joan the saint !
having watched some silent movies of the 1920s , my interest in these films rose considerably .
not only me but a lot of other today 's viewers find the power of non verbal acting pretty appealing and that occurs to be an absolutely justifiable opinion .
the power of expression reached the climax in silent era feature films .
and what comes to mind are the great productions like ben hur ( 1925 ) , king of kings ( 1927 ) , the big parade ( 1925 ) and the four horsemen of the apocalypse ( 1921 ) .
after seeing these films , i directed my interest towards movies of the 1910s and the first epic movie by a top notch name , cecil blount demille .
in 1917 , just after two greatest movies by d.w. griffith birth of a nation ( 1915 ) and intolerance ( 1916 ) , he brought to screen the story of the saint in joan the woman .
and how i found joan the woman ?
very worth seeing .
the content of the film can be divided into three subsequent parts : two parts ( or epochs as referred to in the movie ) include the story of joan of arc showed chronologically from her youth in till the battle of the towers , so to speak when the simple maid turns into the national hero ; and her later story where the victorious savior turns into the falling martyr .
the third part consists of 1917 propaganda : the short story set in 1916 , during wwi somewhere in france where the soldier finds the sword of joan and fulfills the duty to expiate a sin ... the last aspect seems perhaps least appealing nowadays but means much historically for the sake of 1917 viewers who watched the movie and felt the link between the presence and the past ( consider the absolutely different role of cinema at that time ) .
there are many visually stunning scenes which never stop astonishing viewers , not only silent buffs .
when i saw joan the woman for the first time , i could not believe the fact the film was shot in 1917 , purely at the dawn of feature films .
as early as this , we can feel cecil b demille 's splendor and showmanship : hundreds of extras in battles , lavish costumes at royal court , very clear introduction of events , strict contrast between good and wickedness , overly preachy treatment of characters and pretty predictable action ( which can not be avoided in the story like this ) .
three moments remained in my memory as exceptionally powerful : the first one being joan 's visit at chinon and her miraculous recognition of charles , the second one the battle for orleans and the third one the final sequence and joan 's martyrdom .
the square at rouen where joan was burned is the most accurate in this movie : exactly that is what the place was like .
other scenes are also worth considering including the whole second epoch and the infamous trial for witchcraft , called travesty of justice , led by envious bishop cauchon ( theodore roberts ) .
as for performances , this factor lies on the shoulders of three cast : wallace reid as proud , noble , shabby eric trent who gets through a change of love towards joan from desire to respect but does not dare step into her mission ( later it is him as the wwi soldier ) ; theodore roberts as the wicked bishop cauchon whose only way of act is conspiracy ruled by prejudice , fear for power , superstition and jealousy ( his worth moments include the plan to poison charles and the whole trial of joan ) ; and geraldine farrar as joan of arc .
although she is definitely too old and in no way looks to be the maid of orleans , she makes for this thanks to her brilliant acting that has not faded till now .
she plays the saintly woman and a brave warrior alike .
the restored version of joan the woman on dvd has the additional music in which we mostly hear the organs .
although it may seem monotonous at some points , such score supplies the movie with additional entertainment .
for me , the best musical and visual moment was the long night and the terrible contrast of tunes and visuals between joan in prison and king charles at the lustful party in his court .
some people criticize the film for being too long .
yet , i believe that the action is dynamic and though the events are predictable , the curiosity as to how the director wants to show them keeps viewer 's attention .
joan the woman is a silent movie very worth seeking out .
it 's not a masterpiece but a brilliant glimpse at early feature film and early cecil b demille .
in spite of later productions about the saint , the best of which many people consider psychological masterpiece the passion of joan of arc with maria falconetti , cecil b demille 's 1917 movie is still one of the three best ones , for sure .
it has dynamic action , it has stunning visuals , it has marvelous performances and a vivid interpretation .
7/10 yes , her love was for france ; yet her price was martyrdom .
but the cross she looked at helped her make good use of sacrificial suffering and become a terrifying warning against any of human judgments .
are n't they all so subjective ?

1
one of the most famous american silent productions is also among the first to deal with the much-filmed subject of joan of arc -- treated over the years in both an elaborate and intimate manner .
de mille being de mille , this particular version naturally takes the former path -- even drawing parallels with the ongoing 1914-18 war ( in the bookend sequence , a british soldier is inspired by joan 's sacrifice to undertake a suicide mission ) .
incidentally , this aspect necessitates a certain sympathy for the english -- resulting in a tentative yet unconvincing romance between the heroine and , of all people , the young man leading the enemy forces facing her !
geraldine farrar is an earnest but clearly over-age and rather ordinary-looking joan , while the figure of bishop cauchon -- whom she and ends up on the receiving end of his ire during the subsequent trial -- inevitably represents the archaic prototype of the hissable villain ; he is abetted in his wickedness by a so-called mad monk ( who eventually repents ) and an enemy agent dubbed `` the spider `` posing as the uncrowned king 's jester -- with the latter , always depicted as something of an idiot , being easily influenced by their wiles and proving rather unworthy of joan 's championing .
of course , the film -- a hefty but rarely boring 137 minutes -- illustrates the most significant events in the exploits of the maid of orleans : receiving her spiritual calling via symbolic crucifixion on a lit against the back wall of her room ( she later experiences visions of a radiant sword and a black horseman alerting her to impending doom ) , her military campaign ( by way of one lengthy and surprisingly fierce battle ) and her martyrdom ( though the hearing itself -- around which would be built some of the best versions of the story -- is rather hastily resolved with the threat of torture ) .
in retrospect , this de mille effort can be seen to have retained its essential relevance ( despite its obvious age ) when compared to other accounts of the life of saint joan ( of which this is the eight example that i have seen ) .
incidentally , being the 50th anniversary of the director 's passing , i have managed to acquire a fair number of his works ( some of which had thus far eluded me ) -- including two more well-regarded silent dramas , namely the cheat ( 1915 ) and the whispering chorus ( 1918 ) -- and which i now hope to check out in the not-too-distant future .

1
this is a good douglas fairbanks western .
reportedly , fairbanks was a western history aficionado , and he made a few westerns in between his generally more comedies of the 1910s and before his transition to swashbucklers in the 1920s .
this film `` the man from painted post `` and `` wild and woolly `` ( 1917 ) are the only two i 've seen , but he also starred in `` the good bad man `` , `` the half-breed `` ( both 1916 ) , `` ' south `` ( 1918 ) and `` the knickerbocker buckaroo `` ( 1919 ) .
`` wild and woolly `` is more comedy than western , and it pokes fun at the protagonist 's romanticizing of the west ; `` the man from painted post `` , however , is a more traditional western , although it includes some of doug 's characteristic sense of humor and smooth athletic stunts .
regardless , this film is somewhat darker and more dramatic than the other available early films of fairbanks -- and there 's more exposition than usual for this star 's vehicles and a few unnecessary long explanatory title cards .
at the beginning , we 're shown a flashback of our protagonist 's sister being gunned down and dying in his arms , which explains his contemporary employment as a `` detective `` for cattle ranchers -- that is , a good hired gunman who fights off cattle rustlers , which just seems to be his way of seeking revenge or justice .
yet , doug plays much of the film with his typical smile and wit , so the result is a somewhat underdeveloped western dramedy .
to complicate matters , there 's also a love interest for doug , as usual .
additionally , ` bull ' madden , played by frank campeau , is appropriately an especially detestable villain , who we see abusing his wife , attempting to force himself onto another woman , and pushing a child around , in addition to drinking , cattle rustling and generally endangering others ' lives and well-being .
( note : i saw a rather poor , dark reduction transfer , which included a few intertitles that were nearly illegible .
consequently , the photography of wyoming 's landscape did n't register very well , although some of the shots , such as the final cloudy horizon view remain lovely .
)

1
reasonably entertaining spy melodrama about an aggressive woman who uses her wiles to get what she wants .
at the brink of ww1 , an alsatian woman ( gail kane ) desires to escape germany - along with a secret vile she is to bring into france .
a good-looking young american doctor ( carlyle blackwell ) , at school in berlin , is leaving germany and has the much-needed passport to get himself out of the country .
well , next thing you know , her bagful of mainly undergarments is in his hotel room on his way out of town ( he sorts through the bag ) - seems her plan for escape is to pretend she is his wife , though they have never met .
she promptly arrives at the room , tricks the hotel bellman into thinking they are a real couple , and forges his passport by adding on the words `` accompanied by wife `` ( no name needed , hmm ) - and he goes along with all this , i guess 'cause he really wants a girlfriend or something .
now we get a series of situations in which they must convince various authorities that they are married .
the film , of course , includes the two of them being forced into a room overnight featuring one smallish bed and one rickety wooden chair ( you can probably guess who ends up on which ) .
anyway , the inevitable happens ( no , i do n't mean that ) as romance blooms and he nicknames her `` his little comrade `` .
a german friend from his past helps out when all seems lost .
by the way , one thing i learned from watching this film - carlyle blackwell looks pretty darn hunky when his shirt is all ripped and hanging off of his body for part of the film .
could i be remembering wrong - or is the point where the shirt gets ripped up about the point where she starts to fall for him ? !
the attractiveness of this once popular teen era matinã©e idol was enough to hold my interest in this film and keep it enjoyable - other than that , it is mildly entertaining fare .

1
this was the first production of goldwyn pictures and the story is quite different ( and better !
) than the 1932 remake starring marion davies .
mae marsh as polly is literally born into the circus and orphaned as a child when her aerialist mother falls from the wires .
young polly is raised by toby , a circus clown , and becomes a trick bareback rider .
she is badly injured in the ring and is taken to the nearby home of a minister ( played by vernon steele ) to recover .
polly thrives during her stay of several months , and the pair fall in love .
naturally , the town gossips are agog .
after learning that toby has fallen ill and needs money for a doctor , she enters a horse race with her circus mount bingo and wins .
but it 's too late , toby has died .
after a few more downward turns , it all works out in the end .
mae was sweet , the horse race exciting and well-shot and the circus scenes ( featuring a real circus ) are authentic .

1
the great profile - john barrymore - appears in this silent crime meller .
while the picture may be dated ( as silent movies go ) , barrymore is simply spellbinding .
this was before drink destroyed his looks and concentration , and he looks simply magnificent - certainly the most handsome silent movie star at a time when a chocolate face was the preeminent criteria for movie stardom .
barrymore is a the only reason viewers may have for seeing this film , but it is reason enough .

1
apparently the earliest ford film to survive intact , straight shooting could hardly be bettered as a prototype for so many films later in his career -- there are moments that are reproduced almost exactly in the searchers in particular , and to a lesser extent in the man who shot liberty valance , etc . .
while this modest genre film does n't treat these themes with the deep emotional resonance of the later classics , it is surprisingly serious and thoughtful , and shows that the young ford was unusually responsive to the emotional gravity that an older star like carey could bring to a simple shoot 'em up -- the film is more mature than many of his 20s films with george o'brien .

1
this mary pickford film is pleasant enough , though the script is kind of weak , and the storyline very predictable .
the film only lasts an hour , so if you are a pickford fan you will probably enjoy it .
people new to the genre of silent film may not be overly impressed if they view this film first .
i would suggest they start with pickford in daddy long legs instead .
the cast here is fun to watch , norman kerry very handsome and wonderful to see wesley barry as mary 's little brother .
love those freckles .
he gets one good scene , where he has to fight in an alley way , encouraged by his tough irish `` ma `` .
i give this film 7 out of 10 .

1
in the late 1910s , while hollywood was focusing mostly on serious contemporary drama , their soon-to-be significant rivals in berlin were turning more towards adventuresome flights of fancy .
myth , fantasy , exotic lands and a touch of horror were the hallmarks of german cinema .
although better known for his unique comedies , director ernst lubitsch was nevertheless a capable and versatile craftsman , and at this stage was at the forefront of the germanic style .
the approach to these pictures was all about space , and for lubitsch the most important aspect of space appears to be depth .
a lot of the movement in die augen der ma is towards or away from the camera .
of course , griffith and many others in the us had been doing this for years , but lubitsch actually shuns horizontal movement , and his pictures seem designed to accommodate movement in depth .
often there is a large empty space behind the actors , or a doorway at the back of the set leading to another room .
the bric-a-brac of kurt richter 's elaborate set design tends to be concentrated at the sides of the frame , creating a kind of tunnel effect in some scenes .
what is the point of all this ?
well , i think first and foremost it was probably just a style that appealed aesthetically to lubitsch and richter , and there is no shame in that .
nevertheless it is one that they could use to great effect .
emil jannings often appears to be advancing eerily upon us , while good guys harry liedtke and pola negri disappear worryingly away from us .
in the few shots where the actors are backed up against a wall with no space behind them , for example in the flashback where jannings first brings negri to the tomb , the sudden change is palpable , in a nastily claustrophobic way .
and depth plays a part in all the most chilling moments , such as jannings appearing in a mirror at the far end of the room .
we simultaneously see him in the distance yet are aware he is actually behind the camera , and thus behind `` us `` .
these are all moves towards a more interactive cinema , in which the audience are not merely external observers , but feel they are enveloped in the film 's world .
die augen der ma is also notable for early performances by two giant figures of german cinema , the aforementioned emil jannings and pola negri .
like lubitsch , jannings 's area of expertise was comedy , and his radu is a hammy caricature .
but jannings 's hamming was of a good sort , and just as his excessive mannerisms could make us laugh in pictures like the merry jail or faust , here they come across as grimly macabre .
negri too is a little hysterical at times , but in fact far less so than many leading ladies of german cinema , and most of her performance is refreshingly restrained , comprised of slow , delicate movements .
if there is anything significantly wrong with this picture , it is its naã¯ve silliness .
for example , jannings is taken to europe to become 's manservant , and yet still potters about the prince 's palace in his native garb , clutching his dagger and muttering about getting revenge on the woman who wronged him , whereupon the prince pats him amiably on the shoulder as if to say `` there , there old chap `` .
mind you , it would probably have looked equally ridiculous had the murderous radu been given a haircut and shoehorned into a butler 's uniform .
such moments are an unintentional source of humour for me , so i do n't regard them as so much of a bad thing .
it goes without saying that screenwriter hans was another collaborator on this picture whose main field was comedy , and he was most adept at creating romantic fables for fast-paced farces , a genre that does n't exactly demand logic and cohesion .
and yet , in the hands of lubitsch , jannings and negri , die augen der ma becomes an atmospheric and reasonably entertaining short horror adventure .

1
mack sennett had a strong reputation for producing wild , violent , fast - paced slapstick that often got its laughs without even a superficial attempt to make sense .
he got that reputation for the simple reason that it 's true .
however , it 's interesting to see how when sennett knew he had on his hands a comedian whose laughs come from subtleties or reactions rather than fast antics , he knows to slacken the pace .
that was true with many of the brilliant harry langdon shorts he would produce later , and it is true here in `` mickey `` with mabel normand .
mabel is the star and it is she on which the movie turns .
she steals every scene she appears in and has infinite screen magnetism , with her attractive , fascinating face , constantly changing expression , and childlike and uninhibited yet somehow ironic manner .
the greatest moments of comedy come in little bits of performance , as mabel comes up with many ingenious ways to hide dust she has swept up , or simply ca n't resist eating cherries off a cake .
that said , there are not actually a lot of scenes of overt comedy in this film , and sometimes when there is overt comedy it comes out as a digression or bit of broad slapstick that is well-executed but has a different feel -- the battle in the country store ( which looks a lot like the one arbuckle worked at in `` the butcher boy `` ) over mable 's dog or the animal the scurries up her .
it 's not actually an uproariously funny film , but does n't usually try to be , and it 's always pleasant .
the plot is simple and of a kind that has spawned infinite variations .
mabel is a rough-hewn girl from a miner town who loves playing with animals and skinny dipping ( from a very wide angle ) ; she is sent to her rich aunt and becomes involved in a kind of love square through no fault of her own .
it 's really as much melodrama as anything else , but it comes off .
there are plenty of twists , especially as the end draws near , involving who is rich and who is poor when ; these remain able to keep the interest , and make a kind of commentary too , intentional or not , on the true insignificance of wealth .
this has been cited as the first feature-length comedy starring a single comedian rather than an ensemble cast , but even so it feels fairly developed as a form , with decent pacing and plot developing in two places at once .
this is a simple story well told , and really made by its star , who is well showcased .

1
country tomboy mabel normand ( as mickey ) is sent from rustic feather river , california to live on her snooty aunt 's long island , new york estate .
the free-spirited ms. normand enjoys cavorting with animals - and skinny-dipping for cameramen with very long lenses .
nobody is sure if normand owns a gold mine or is penniless , so she is treated as both an heir and a servant ( at different times ) .
normand attracts debonair millionaire wheeler oakman ( as herbert thornhill ) and overly amorous lew cody ( as reggie drake ) .
after numerous hi-jinks , `` mickey `` ends up with a winning man and ( we hope ) lives happily ever after ... that mabel normand did not survive the ravages of fame was a great loss ... normand was an excellent actress and comedienne .
unfortunately , she did not leave behind enough material to fully appreciate her worth .
this production reportedly took two years to complete , with normand 's personal problems contributing to the delays .
fortunately , her `` partying `` lifestyle does not adversely affect normand 's performance as `` mickey `` .
this was one of normand 's best feature-length films .
the plot is rather ordinary , but the star handles each situation well .
herein , she is most memorable portraying a carefree servant girl , sliding down the banister and ingeniously sweeping her aunt 's dusty mansion floors .
******* mickey ( ) f. richard jones ~ mabel normand , wheeler oakman , lew cody , george nichols

1
cute little silent film , nothing earth-shattering , but still enjoyable for its stars , adorable constance talmadge and handsome harrison ford the first .
connie thinks hubbie harrison has cheated on her , but it 's not the case .
she divorces him and all her society friends back her up , despite her lack of proof .
harrison spends the rest of the film trying to win her back , by some rather unorthodox means .
the print i saw of this film was in sepia tones , i assume with the camera being held up to the screen , with the wonderful philip carli accompanying on the piano .
you can hear the audience laughing in the background , so they obviously enjoyed it as much as i did .

1
considering that this film was made as early as it was , it was a pretty good film that is still reasonably watchable .
while it lacks to huge epic scope of the films of griffith or demille of that era , it is still a nice simple romantic comedy .
in some ways , i often prefer this type of film over the that were just becoming popular -- as a light and simple movie sometimes just `` hits the spot `` .
had this movie been made a decade later , i probably would have scored it as a five or six -- but for 1918 , it was good stuff .
oddly , while the film is set in britain in the summer of 1918 , there is no mention of wwi -- which had already been raging for years and would n't end until almost 1919 .
the film is a simple marital mix-up that escalates out of control and results in a marriage on the rocks -- much like the later films the awful truth or mr. and mrs. smith ( the hitchcock version -- not the new film with the same name but totally different plot ) .
the acting is pretty good , direction snappy and fun to watch -- while not exactly believable .
by the way , this film was produced for the cinevent movie show in 1996 and shows a brief introduction as well as introducing the pianist who did the live accompaniment at this showing .
in other words , this was a small-time locally produced video that i found at my local library -- i doubt if it can be found at amazon or other movie retailers .
and , based on the sparsity of reviews , the fact that you are even reading this now is amazing !

1
before i review the film , i should point out that the print of this film is absolutely horrible .
you ca n't blame the original film makers -- it 's just that the years have not been kind to nitrate prints .
as a result , the entire film is rather blurry and many of the inter-title cards are practically unreasonable .
it desperately needs restoration work and the dvd did not appear to have had much , if any , work done to clean it up and sharpen the print .
the film begins with gloria swanson playing a dirt-poor lady whose sister is very ill .
gloria struggles to make ends meet and care for the sister and her career as a painter is dead in the water .
at the same time , there is a rich family who is a deliberate and sharp contrast .
the rich mother is a total snob but her son is a pretty good guy .
however , he does n't meet gloria at this point in the film , so his philanthropic bent could n't save them .
to make things worse , a bill collector knows gloria is unable to pay and he tries to rape her !
when she fights back , he calls the police and alleges she robbed him .
since he 's respectable and she 's very poor , the judge believes him and she is sentenced to 90 in jail .
in the meantime , the sick sister dies .
after she gets out of jail , gloria has no place to live and is broke .
she 's taken in by the salvation army and loves the work she gets there working with underprivileged kids .
she then meets the nice rich guy through this job and they soon marry .
some time passes and now that they are married you see that his mother is still a nasty old snob and hates her daughter-in-law -- simply because she was poor .
into this tense household comes a man who in reality is a german spy ( the film was made during wwi ) .
he is the same man who sent gloria to prison ! ! !
and , because he knows who she is and she 'd never told her husband about her past , he knows he can blackmail her into giving him access to government secrets !
will she give in and give the evil blackguard what he wants or will niceness prevail ? !
as you can probably tell from the plot , the film has a very bizarre plot .
it 's all very convoluted and hard to believe -- but also , in a quirky way , quite good for an older silent film .
not great but watchable -- and an interesting window into the sorts of things they found entertaining in 1918 .

1
i love tarzan movies and this one did not disappoint .
it was a very good film , elmo lincoln turned in a fair performance as tarzan , sure he 's no johnny weissmuller , but he gets the job done better than some of the others .
i find the film to be pretty good , and the way it follows tarzan 's life is excellent , from childhood to his romance with jane .
i like how they would introduce the different stages in tarzan 's life like they are chapters in a book .
however i assume there were different rules about children in films because there are several scenes where the young tarzan is clearly nude .
and one of the supporting characters is definitely a white woman in blackface .
although i find the film to be highly enjoyable , a person of a sensitive nature may not .
i rate it a seven out of ten .
god bless !

1
it 's a shame that about half of this film is lost , deliberately destroyed by the nazis .
what is odd is that probably the tamest portions of the film are missing - the parts with paul ( conrad veidt ) and his family , and the parts in which paul interacts with else , the girl who loves him .
the parts that are missing though are masterfully replaced by still shots and enough inter-titles that you get a pretty good idea of how paul gets along with his family .
the film was made after world war i during a brief time of relative tolerance for homosexuality in germany , and rather than try to be titillating , the film tries to teach of the problems with the german law that made it a crime to be homosexual .
paul is a famous violin virtuoso who harbors a terrible secret - he 's gay and constantly in fear of being discovered and prosecuted under the law .
as a result , you realize that paul is a rather sad and lonely man despite his professional success , unable to openly express himself and look for a out in the open .
things change when paul takes on a pupil , kurt , a young man who idolizes paul .
paul seems to really fall for kurt , but you can tell that kurt is still somewhat unsure of what to make of his own feelings at this point .
unfortunately , kurt 's sister else loves paul too , not knowing that paul is unable to return the sentiment .
paul is also being hounded by a blackmailer who first met him in a gay dance hall .
when paul mistook the blackmailer 's advances as romantic , he took him back to his home and there the man spurned paul and demanded money .
you get the impression he 's been hounding him ever since that time .
what is odd is that the gay dance hall where he and paul first met almost seems to be the blackmailer 's second home , so i have to wonder why the blackmailer is n't afraid of being blackmailed himself .
there 's a well done set of scenes with paul looking back on his life - his adolescence at boarding school specifically - and the trouble he had there on account of his orientation .
there 's even a scene with a sexologist lecturing on homosexuality - oddly enough , this is how paul explains to else the truth of who he is and that his rejection of her is not personal .
highly recommended as a good reconstruction of a lost silent film .

1
the last collaboration is one of their best .
stripped of romantic interest and al st john , all we have here is roscoe and buster doing what they do best - having fun for everyone else 's enjoyment .
working the dual jobs of mechanics and firemen the boys keep the laughs coming thick and fast .
most of the jokes work and some are positively inspired .
the scene where buster dresses as sir harry lauder still has me laughing .
there 's also the first appearance of a piece of action where a buster is dodging a policeman aided by roscoe .
this gag resurfaced years later when buster appeared in the twilight zone .
it 's a shame they did n't make a few more films as buster and roscoe were well into their stride at this point and understood each other perfectly .

1
while this is not a great silent comedy short , it still is very good and worth a look .
fatty arbuckle and buster keaton work in a garage and manage to not only fix cars but put out fires as well -- with a fire station directly above the garage .
in the end , the fire station itself burns to the ground -- proving , i guess , that these two guys are n't exactly the world 's greatest firemen ( big surprise there , huh ?
) .
a few of the sight gags are funny , such as the lady susan on which they spin cars as fatty hoses them off , the way fatty and buster pull ropes to yank on their clothes when they are sleeping in the firs house , and the way keaton climbs up the fire pole upside-down ( this is n't done by running the film backwards -- keaton really could do this stunt ) .

1
this was another early harold lloyd comedy short featuring his `` glasses `` character that i watched on the kino dvd `` the harold lloyd collection `` .
his character that i previously watched as a con man in are crooks dishonest ?
is nice enough here that he picks up a lady 's belongings after bumping into her , then gives money to both a red cross woman and a female salvation army worker .
he then tries to reach the teller on time but gets distracted enough to have other men fall in line ahead of him .
luckily , neighbor snub pollard is also in the line as they go home together to meet their wives .
then the real troubles begin ... besides pollard , harold 's other frequent co-star bebe daniels appears as his wife .
quite funny what happens during many of the backyard mishaps though a thrill sequence at the end seems tacked-on .
still , a highly enjoyable short .
so on that note , i recommend just neighbors .

1
this film reminds me a lot of the later laurel and hardy short , big business , where a small misunderstanding results in mayhem !
snub pollard and harold lloyd are neighbors who seem to get along just fine .
however , when snub 's chickens get loose and run around harold 's yard , snub nearly destroys the garden chasing down these birds .
as a result , harold starts breaking things of snub 's and vice-versa .
this does n't go on nearly as long as the tit-for-tat in big business , though , as all this is punctuated by snub 's child wandering into traffic and harold 's dog saving the child .
the parents are grateful and all the animosity seems to have disappeared .
a swell `` little `` film with a happy ending .
while i like harold lloyd and snub pollard , they only did a few movies together .
it 's a shame , as all the ones i have seen are good or even better .

1
as i write this , 83 years have passed since they shooting of the cabinet of dr. caligari .
since then sound , and later color , has made it 's entrance into the world of film , and most of the films from this era has long since slipped into obscurity .
not this one tough .
through the years it has gained a somewhat legendary reputation , somewhat thanks to bauhaus and other arty bands and their heavy use of imagery from this movie to design , t-shirts etc . .
but of course the main reason that this and a handful of other early expressionist works from germany continues to hold a tight grip over cineasts worldwide is that it 's distinct style makes for a fascinating watch .
here the expressionist style is taken to extremes , and most of this early horror movie plays against a background of twisted and tortured buildings and streets .
forget everything you 've ever learn about perspective and realism : more than anything else , this quiet little town is a portrait of the human soul in an extreme condition .
it is unsettling but also eerily beautiful .
the story of the reappearance of the infamous dr. caligari ( a medieval monk , hypnotizing his victims thus forcing them to carry out his will ) in a nice and quiet sleepy german town is carried through well , and his somnambulist ( and perhaps dr. caligari 's tool of murder ?
) cesare can be quite frightening .
there is also a nice twist to the storyline right at the very end that gives new dimensions both to the plot and the movie in general .
however , the main catch with this movie must be considered to be it 's twisted imagery and innovative style .
that is what have kept us coming now , for over 80 years .
7/10

1
now , i understand this is a very old movie and back then a movie was something like still photography in motion , but even by those standards this must have been funny .
with a background of twisted brush colored carton boards and a ton of makeup per actor , this looks more like a cartoon than like a film .
all those movies about split personality must have been drawing their original inspiration from this movie , and this is enough to make me mark it 7 for originality , but the calculated average is ridiculous and the comments snobbish .
i am sorry if i make people feel offended , but this is not a good movie , it 's a good movie for the year 1920 and it must be treated as such .
horror it is not , either , my friends , someone mentioned buster keaton movies and i feel those were scarier .
so let this one be mentioned in the history books as a great achievement of the time and do n't watch it .
it is a slow waste of time .

1
one of the most influential german silent movies from the 20 's tells the story of francis , who in his turn tells the story of dr. caligari , an insane director of a mental institution .
expressionistic designs and an interesting non-linear telling of the tale makes it a treat to watch , although some will lose interest after a while .
i 'm still in doubt if it 's really up my alley , although i must admire how the story is told , visually in particular .
you ca n't miss it if you 're a fan of the silent era though , so if you 're into lang and murnau already you should check this out as well .
and make sure you catch the ending !
7/10 .

1
the original message of this film is fairly pedestrian ( an outcry against the weak authority in germany at the time ) , although the political intrigue surrounding the production led to a fascinating framing story which re-established `` the authorities , `` and in turn made the ufa happy enough to distribute the film .
this suggests that in its own time the political message of the film was fairly powerful , but compared to the work done in such films as the golem , nosferatu , and metropolis it is not so far-reaching .
what sets this film apart from its contemporaries is its absolute commitment to the expressionist movement .
mutated sets , heavy dark/light makeup , light and shadow , and a gothic storyline are classic expressionism .
the photography is beautiful and so crisp that it creates an eerie sense that this hellish scene is actually the real world , and that our everyday lives are the delusional technicolor dream of a madman .
while there are many better movies made in this period , i feel that this one is the pinnacle of the imagery that is characteristic of the expressionist art form .
it is an absolute must-see for anyone who is interested in the expressionist movement .

1
this was the first time i 've sat and watched caligari , i seem to have been waiting all my life to get round to this moment .
and the answer is : the jury 's out and they look like the twelve angry men - i 'll have to see it again to maybe obtain a more considered view .
the plot is threadbare , but the arty sets and thus the atmosphere of the piece keep it going for the ( ) 66 minutes for me .
i ca n't help it i 'm afraid , weimar german films are quite often an effort for me however worthy .
`` pandora 's box `` should have stayed closed , `` nosferatu `` should have slid off the boat , and `` the last laugh `` was on me ( although jannings was superb ) , `` metropolis `` was much better at 90 minutes short , and `` the threepenny opera `` was devastatingly depressing .
i suppose all memorable one way or another though !
after this i can see triangles everywhere ( hardly any though ) , the living room door is a and various shapes abound : the sole effect on me .
however , the ending is satisfyingly terse and is worth the price of the dvd alone .

1
i was hesitant to view the cabinet of dr. caligari for a long time for fear that i would be disappointed in it .
having seen metropolis , nosferatu , and the golem , i sensed that cabinet would not stand up well to those , all classics of german cinema .
well , i was right , cabinet is not as good as any of those , but is still a very well-made film and is as stunning as it was in 1920 .
a man sitting in a park tells the story of dr. caligari and how he visited a small german village with the fair and terrorized the citizens of the city by sending out his somnambulist , cesare , to kill people .
as a german expressionist work , cabinet delivers the goods when it comes to set design and plot .
the set design for the film features flattened jagged buildings and weird angles galore .
the plot , which is n't much , has a spectacular twist by the final 5 minutes and drives home the aura of insanity the movie contains .
the cabinet of dr. caligari does slow down to a crawl during the middle section of the film , but picks up during the final half is as breath-taking to look at the entire running time .
modern-day filmmakers should take a few hints from this film .
i can only compare the work of tim burton to this film and even he is not as creative as cabinet .
recommended for those who are patient and appreciate the visual technique of filmmaking .

1
the film tells the story of the deranged dr. caligari and his faithful sleepwalking cesare , and their connection to a string of murders in a german mountain village .
when i saw this in my cinema studies class , i gathered that many of my classmates were paying attention to the music , depending on it to indicate mood , as in change in key and tempo .
it was , of course , not the same score played in the picture shows of 1919 , but to them it also provided some sense of continuity , perhaps for me , too , as it was difficult to do so at such an early stage in narrative cinema without the use of cinematography and editing , both of which were extremely minimal .
but as much as i admire someone 's willingness to decipher a movie based on its music or other forms of film language , i think the audience should be able to produce meaning from it without straining .
even in the case of the most cerebral or complex films , it is something for which one should enjoy the challenge .
consequently , this is why silent films are obsolete .
some people still enjoy them because of their modern take on them , and some admire them , whether or not they honestly enjoy them , because of their historical importance .
nonetheless , i feel like silent films , especially one as early as the cabinet of dr. caligari , had hardly even developed a distinct way of communicating .
i am glad , for instance , that people in my class looked to other aspects of film language to grapple continuity , because in spite of the forces within a given shot , there is capricious transition from one shot to the next , and without the music , perhaps , one could be lost .
one has to scramble to grasp the juxtaposing meaning of an image that follows another , the focal point of an image that is supposed to affect us .
however , this is not to say that the content of the images does n't fascinate .
my hat is off to the germans , who adopted their expressionist style here as a means to differentiate their film , which they saw as a product , from the ocean that was the increasing import of american films .
so they painted lights and shadows directly on the walls and floors and background canvases , and placed flat sets behind the over-theatrical actors .

1
what can you compare this to ?
made in 1919 it 's a little difficult to compare it to anything .
in short , its a great piece of art .
its hypnotic in a 60 's sense .
its a good , clever story .
its hitchcock and poe wrapped into a psychedelic whodunit .
its set up pretty much like a play which introduces the characters , the action .
a little stiff in places , but hey , its 1920 !
watch it as something that influenced the course of movie-making history , not as an edge-of-your seat thriller .
think of it like old music , not mozart , not bach , but older ... a little more difficult to place , a little more mysterious , gothic .
its a mystery story and the greatest mystery is the mind !

1
because the baron of wants to preserve his family line , he forces his timid nephew lancelot to choose one of the village maidens to wed. .
lancelot flees to a monastery to escape the forty eager maidens .
when the gluttonous monks discover that the baron is offering a large sum for the marriage , they suggest lancelot marry a mechanical doll instead .
i absolutely love how this was put on as a mixture between a play and a film .
some of the sets ( such as inside the castle ) seem quite elaborate , while other things ( the trees and horses ) smack of a high school production .
but not in a bad way -- there is a certain charm to how this story unfolded .
add to that the wild hair and outfit of the puppet master ( a precursor to willy ) and you have a great looking film .
something could be said about the interaction between people and robots , and at what point are robots so lifelike that the line between human and non-human is all too fuzzy .
but this is a light-hearted film and i will not get too serious here .

1
this film has an enormous amount of action and adventure in it .
characters are jumping from one country to the next in the matter of minutes .
there is hardly a dull moment .
my only problem with this film is that it seems to jump around too fast .
one episode is barely finished , and boom , you 're zapped to another location .
if this movie had not been made in 1919 , i would swear it had copied mtv 's jump cut style .
all in all , the spiders , is a good introduction in the silent film adventure genre .

1
algol is a sci-fi morality tale from the germans following wwi .
it is much closer in style to cabinet of dr. caligari than to the impending works of lang and murnau .
algol has some interesting expressionist tendencies , all aimed at the tragic life of the main character , robert , played by emil jannings .
the most interesting part of the film is its science fiction core .
an alien from a far away star is beamed to earth and meets robert .
it is very much in vein of the `` selling your soul to the devil `` films that were popular at this time - in fact the star , algol , is called a ` devil star ' .
the alien promises an energy source that can take him far beyond his drudging work of shoveling coal .
from this incredible secret , becomes the most powerful man in the world - providing the world with the energy current it needs .
sort of like the bill gates story substituting energy for computers .
unlike gates , however , there is no happiness in the ends of these means .
jannings is a few years away from the last laugh and the last .
maybe , too he need directors on the level of von sternberg and murnau to push him for a large performance .
his acting , while excellent , is not on the level of those later works .
as a whole , this is very old-fashioned .
again , like caligari , this is rather two-dimensional and lacks the sophisticated touch that would have made it a tour-de-force .
the art direction makes up for this .
the highly stylized main hall of 's home seems to be as long as its distant vanishing point .
there are some nice artistic shots of the night skies , showing where the algol star is located .
the costumes are equally stylized , and if the print i viewed were better , i 'd imagine some great detail would be evident .
ultimately , this original alien premise settles into a morality tale and is about the abuse of power and how too much power can overcome a single person .
in real life , bill gates was able to find that donating much of his huge wealth would become an extremely large project and very worthy of his time and consideration .
algol does not even try to ask the question of whether something good could be made of this power .
it is too primitive in that way .
however , it remains an impressive attempt at sci-fi and reflects well the time and place it was made .

1
god has set a few rules for satan .
he is to provide over historical events , usually playing one of the bad guys .
if things go the way we would expect , he must endure more time in the underworld .
if he can find a human willing to sacrifice for good , he will get a thousand years to his credit .
unfortunately , with the crucifixion , the inquisition , the french revolution , and the invasion of the reds into finland , there 's not much for him to pad his bank account .
the stories are so bleak and hopeless .
women and children are not spared , and since we pretty much know what is going to happen , little suspense .
it 's one of the few cinematic treatments of marie antoinette where she comes off as upstanding ( no cake here ) .
the upside is , naturally , that there is wonderful film-making going on here with great images and depth .
one should see as many of these films as possible in order to get a sense of our film heritage .
this one may have taught a lot ; dryer taught a lot .

1
this is a very good sennett comedy from when he was being distributed by paramount -- not that there 's much evidence , since paramount never did much to preserve their own features , let alone the shorts that they ` merely ' distributed .
regardless , this is a very good one with two of sennett 's old pros charlie murray and ford sterling facing each other in a boxing match for the usual nonsensical reasons .
murray is recently rich because of inventing a new sort of fire extinguisher , and sterling plays a dancing master -- and has the moves to match .
earlier we get to see them doing some of their standard bits as murray holds onto his lower-class habits , despite his social-climbing wife and sterling is obnoxious to his pupils .
the two of them really knew how to do these bits and journeyman director mal st. clair gives them their heads .

1
on 4 february 1919 , david wark griffith joined with charles chaplin , douglas fairbanks and mary pickford in establishing united artists as a major film distributor .
griffith had one film ready for release in `` broken blossoms `` , but he had also negotiated a contract with first national in which he had promised them three films .
griffith duly delivered `` the idol dancer `` ( 1920 ) to first national , but had second thoughts regarding `` the love flower `` .
griffith decided to augment the footage shot on location in the bahamas with an underwater swimming scene ( shot in florida ) .
he also felt the film needed additional close-ups of both carol dempster and george macquarrie .
( these were made in a studio and can easily be detected as the players are photographed against a pure black backdrop ) .
the re-cut movie was then handed to united artists but it received only lukewarm reviews and was not a great commercial success .
however , although `` the love flower `` has a poor reputation , it is by no means the clinker most references suggest .
true , there is no great outpouring of lavish spectacle or rousing crowd scenes , but the south seas locations are both pictorially fascinating and dramatically utilized .
the characters are likewise sympathetic and the story holds more than enough suspense to grip one 's attention .
in the acting department , anders randolf delivers a consistently strong and most compelling performance as the inspector javert character , while florence short makes quite an impression in her brief role as the heroine 's unsympathetic step-mother .
i also thought richard barthelmess handled his role with all the necessary charm and conviction -- although i should mention that barthelmess is an actor who can do no wrong as far as i 'm concerned .
as for the two leads , however , i have mixed feelings .
( despite his status as the hero of the piece , barthelmess -- as in the victor hugo novel from which this story is derived -- does n't come into the action until the movie is half over ) .
macquarrie is generally able enough , despite a tendency to over-emote , but simply lacks the charisma that a lead role calls for .
this miscasting is actually a serious flaw , because the audience does n't share the heroine 's obsessive desire to protect him at all costs .
equally at fault is carol dempster .
oddly enough , she seems more convincing as the young girl chasing shadows in the movie 's opening scenes , despite the fact that she is obviously too old for the part .
when called upon to act her actual age , she is less successful .
her simpering close-ups are especially unappealing .

1
this is pretty solid harold lloyd short , about 25 minutes in length with three major segments : a couple of great gags at the amusement park ; harold trying make a phone call and then harold trying to dispense of a purse he did n't steal .
the basic story is harold trying to get back his girlfriend ( davis ) who is now with another man ( ray brooks ) .
they run into each other at a seaside amusement area and wild scenes ensue .
the first part is highlighted by a clever gag or two on a merry-go-round and crazy mirrors .
the second part has some funny bit but goes on a bit too long as the our frustrated hero tries to make a public phone call .
the third part is excellent as harold just can not get rid of this purse , no matter what he does .
that purse turns out to be his undoing .
in the end , unlike most of lloyd 's films , he does n't get the girl !
that was a shock .

1
i have n't seen carl theodor dreyer 's directorial dã©but , `` the president `` ( ) , yet .
i 've seen `` leaves from satan 's book `` ( blade af satans bog ) , however , and it was totally unimpressive .
dreyer took from griffith 's `` intolerance `` , but did n't even manage a simulacrum of the american director 's craft .
`` the parson 's widow `` is a much better beginning for denmark 's great filmmaker .
it is the work of a director coming into his own , even though it 's much different in some ways from the rest of his oeuvre .
as with `` leaves from satan 's book `` and his later films , there 's the preoccupation with history and religion .
but , as others agree , this is dreyer light .
the story of a man who must marry a hag to become a village 's parson , and his plots to marry his young fiancã©e and keep the job despite it is amusing .
i thought the devil costume bit was particularly humorous .
dreyer 's direction is what makes this worthwhile , though .
the quick pace , not lingering on shots and improved camera positioning compared to `` leaves from satan 's book `` make this film more accessible and entertaining .
dreyer again uses masking and fades extensively , but this time it adds to the style .
he gets the most out of the actors .
( it should n't be underestimated how quicker shot succession can improve , or detract from , otherwise unremarkable acting .
) additionally , the introduction to the past through the waterfall was an especially nice touch .
the confining location sets , and more importantly , how dreyer and cinematographer george film them also add greatly to this tightly told film .
the small church full of is just a great find , and they use the spaces of the home of the parson 's wife very well , with camera placement and continuity editing .

1
this australian silent film was apparently reassembled in recent years from various available prints .
unfortunately , about five minutes of the movie is still missing .
the film was based , in part , on a real life thief in australia -- a man who was made a hero despite clearly being a crook .
captain starlight was a gentleman robber -- sort of like robin hood -- except that the government was not corrupt and starlight was clearly a criminal .
well , this is n't exactly clear , as the film seems to shift in its portrayal of this bad-man .
sometimes , he 's described in positive terms but at the end there is a preachy epilogue about ` crime not paying ' and all that rot .
regardless , a couple brothers and their father ( the ) inexplicably join him in one of his robberies -- and the film is about how it ultimately destroys their lives and the lives of their women .
it 's actually amazing that they crammed so much plot into 56 minutes , as it has more plot than many 90 minute films !
shootouts , horse chases and the like fill this movie -- and make it exciting compared to the average film of the era .
my score of 6 is based on how watchable the film is compared to other films of the day as well as how watchable it is today .
it ai n't great , but frankly full-length films of 1920 were sometimes a bit antiquated -- and this one is a bit more exciting than average .
not wonderful but decent and watchable if you are a silent film nut like myself .

1
when chaplin , fairbanks , pickford and griffith were setting up united artists in 1919 , william s. hart almost went along with them .
but paramount offered him a brand new contract , and he stayed with them ... and found the studio sabotaging him almost from the beginning of the new contract .
he wanted to get away from his standard cowboy story and came up with this railroad story .
they shelved it , got him to do something more usual , and then demanded a new ending for this movie .
this was not unusual for paramount .
they invented block booking , and worked their stars very hard -- in one or two cases , to death : wallace reid , for example .
so , what is the net result for this william s. hart programmer ?
it 's an excellent piece .
you get a lot more close-ups of hart than usual , as he tones down his usually broad characterizations except when he is dealing with the fact that he has lost the girl he loves .
there 's a lot more stillness in his acting than usual , and , if takes a good long while before his cameraman , joe august , gets to show us some good scenery and action , well , the story of conflict between old and new , of sense and compassion , love and honorable behavior is a well told tale , like all the hart movies i have seen .

1
buying ?
selling ?
no , i 'm waiting for the crash -- 7/10 although somewhat maligned by the multiple story lines and slow paced drama of the film , ` the saphead ' is saved from its own mediocrity by an incredible ending sequence that has buster running , jumping and practically flying around the new york stock exchange .
in defense of the film , the part that buster plays , bertie ` the lamb ' van alstyne , was not written with buster , or his brand of comedy in mind .
the saphead is a remake of the douglas fairbanks film ` the lamb ' , which was released roughly five years before .
having buster come in to do ` his thing ' makes this film unforgettable , but in no way nearly as good as the films he would go on to make independently .
besides the wonderful ending , the opening credits were very creative .
but ` the saphead ' turns out to be nothing more than two bookends holding up some dated and dusty romance novels .
7/10 .
clark richards

1
this is n't a keaton film , or even a keaton vehicle .
nevertheless , buster keaton is the only thing that makes this sappy little melodramatic comedy memorable .
the slowly-paced early part of the film even offers a rare treat for the keaton fan -- buster smiles , just faintly , twice .
( it 's a nice departure from the mugging grins and laughs he did in the arbuckle shorts .
) and at the very end comes a real treat .
buster cuts loose on the floor of the stock exchange , tackling brokers left and right .
in one priceless shot , he takes a flying dive between a man 's legs and brings him down in a move that will have you reaching for the remote to watch again in slow motion .
overall , it 's a pleasant enough film , and short enough to be worth watching for the moments buster provides .

1
from director d.w. griffith ( the birth of a nation , orphans of the storm ) , this is one of the first few silent films to be listed in the book 1001 movies you must see before you die , i am obviously keen to complete as much of it as possible , and it was easy to get the chance to see this title .
basically lennox sanderson ( lowell sherman ) is the rich , handsome man-about-town , but he is amongst those that are exceptionally selfish and think only of themselves and their own pleasure , and he has found himself a vulnerable victim to be part of his inconsiderate scheme .
anna moore ( intolerance 's lillian gish ) is the innocent poor country girl who meets lennox , who convinces her he has feelings , and she is tricked into believing a fake wedding , and he just he just uses her , has his way with her , and then he leaves her when he finds out she is pregnant with his baby .
the child is born and named trust lennox , but she has no choice but to care for the baby herself , and after some time tragedy strikes when the baby dies , and in deep despair she wanders the streets trying to find work and ways to get by .
anna eventually finds a job working with squire bartlett ( burr mcintosh ) , and she meets his son david ( richard barthelmess ) , he falls in love with her but she rejects any attempted advances towards her because her traumatic past , and worse comes when lennox returns .
he is seen lusting after local girl kate brewster - the squire 's niece ( mary hay ) , and when he sees his former wife he tries to convince her to leave , possibly with him , she refuses but does promise that she wo n't reveal anything to anyone about the past with him .
eventually though squire bartlett learns from martha perkins ( vivia ogden ) , the town gossip , about anna 's past , and in anger he throws her out into a snow storm , but before leaving she does tell about lennox , respected by all , about what he did to her and being the father to her dead baby .
while she is getting lost in the storm which rages on , a search party is formed by leader david , she is unconscious and floating down the icy river towards the waterfall , but at the last moment she is rescued by david , and in the final scene anna and him get married .
also starring mrs. david landau as anna moore 's mother , josephine bernard as mrs. emma tremont , mrs. morgan belmont as diana tremont and norma shearer as barn dancer .
gish gives an eloquent and engaging performance as the young woman who goes through trauma and heartache and you can feel a lot of sympathy for , the other cast members act very well also , the visual elements definitely make the film distinctive , i admit the story without any sound was a little hard to follow at times , and the film could have been shortened somewhat , nearly lasting three hours , but with memorably watchable moments it is a worthwhile silent melodrama .
very good !

1
`` way down east `` will probably be a hard pill for many filmgoers to swallow , as it 's a silent and very long , but i would recommend you give it a try , as it 's also pretty entertaining .
lillian gish gets put through her melodramatic paces by the granddaddy of modern cinema , d.w. griffith .
griffith was a master at building his movies up to intolerably exciting finales , and this film is no exception .
a classic set piece puts gish trying to escape across a frozen river , jumping from one drifting block of ice to the next .
and consider that this was in the day before special effects , and it 's even quite possible that gish did all of the stunts herself .
a slice of early cinema that goes down easily if you give it the chance .
grade : a -

1
despite the major box-office success of `` way down east `` , griffith , reportedly , continued to have financial difficulties .
his lack of sound money management is probably the major reason for his eventual failure in the movie industry he helped create , and it likely is much of the cause of his artistic decline , as well , which i think was beginning around this time .
`` the birth of a nation `` and `` intolerance `` revolutionized motion pictures -- an enormous peak for a career , doubtless , but henceforth he made some lousy , derivative and prosaic films -- only flashes of brilliance , like those in this film , make the remainder of his filmography worth investigating .
the $ he paid for the rights to brady , parker and 's play seemed absurd , and the melodrama itself is overly sensational and ridiculous ; yet , it 's impressive how griffith 's inspired direction and lillian gish 's performance somehow manage to make that not always seem the case .
many problems remain in the film .
the message of monogamy ( regardless of one 's standpoint on the issue ) , the staginess and especially the comic relief add to the already inherit disadvantages of the genre .
the comic relief is unnecessary , ill placed and unfunny ; it undermines much of the picture , which is overlong as a result .
as for gish , this has to be some of her best acting .
aside from the competent and ( this time ) careful film-making , she is the saving grace of the picture .
she is pitiful and beautiful -- composing griffith 's ideal woman .
she rises above the story-lines that require her to faint four times .
there 's a particularly picturesque scene where richard 's character first admits his attraction to gish .
and , i always like when griffith rallies against busybody gossipers .
the most acclaimed sequence , however , is , of course , the film 's climax , including the great scene , which has richard barthelmess saving gish from death ( thankfully not rape this time ) .
it is an exceptionally well-edited and photographed dã©nouement -- one of the more memorable and exciting moments in film history .
too bad it and the other virtues of `` way down east `` lie beside their conversely negative parts .

1
spoilers below d.w. griffith 's major theme is the plight of women .
in ` broken blossoms ' , a title card notes that women have only two courses , marriage and prostitution , neither of which is enticing .
griffith 's women , usually played by lillian gish , are almost entirely powerless ; at any moment they can fall victim to the violent , sexual appetites of men .
in ` the birth of a nation ' , a woman is chased off a cliff by a would-be rapist .
in ` intolerance ' , only an unexpected gunshot prevents a man 's wife from being sexually attacked by his boss .
griffith , despite frequently being labeled a racist , is at heart a moralist , and he intends for his films to help men sympathize with women so that they can better protect them .
` way down east ' may be the strongest case in point .
it opens with the director 's explicit plea for men to properly treat the opposite gender .
it then introduces an unusually powerful griffith female character , a woman with sex appeal , only to spend the next two hours demonstrating how easily even this woman can be victimized .
griffith , with the help of an extraordinary performance by gish , succeeds in building sympathy for the girl , but by requiring that her naivete , frailty , and dependence be such a large part of her appeal , griffith renders woman all the more powerless .
rating : 7.5

1
lillian gish is regarded as probably the best actress of the silent era , and there 's a good reason for that .
as elsie in ` the birth of a nation ' , she appears as a reasonably serious and strong woman .
as anna moore in ` way down east ' , she is a much more fragile and vulnerable character .
this versatility is the mark of a good performer , and lillian gish has got it .
it is mostly her presence that makes this a memorable film .
anna moore is a young naive girl who lives with her mother .
when they begin to experience financial difficulties , anna goes to visit some rich relatives , hoping to get assistance .
during the visit , she meets the womanising lennox sanderson .
to her , it 's love .
to him , it 's just another adventure .
lennox deviously organises a mock marriage ceremony , and after anna becomes pregnant , the truth comes out and he abandons her .
anna then leaves home and finds work on a farm .
she does n't know it , but lennox lives close by and , inevitably , the two cross paths again .
` way down east ' is not a classic , but is worth a look .
the emotional elements in the film are n't given quite enough attention to leave any real impact , and the film does drag in certain spots and is about half an hour too long .
the characters are well defined though , and d w griffith punctuates the film with some amusing comical moments .

1
i have to give buster ( more ) props : carrying on a single gag through many different encounters and many different characters and keeping the looks of confusion and chaos fresh the entire time is very hard to do , but he does it here , and admirably .
anyone who 's seen this and benny and joon will recognize that little flick keaton does with his arm was mimicked so incredibly perfectly by depp that it 's difficult to separate the two images as distinct .
but about this , that is , this short , it 's typical keaton fun-fest : machinery , badguys , booby traps , and hilarity , all with really clever titles .
however , this one 's plot did n't really flow as well as most of the stuff i 've seen of his .
i 'm still rather unclear as to how keaton 's character ended up in the house in the first place .
that said , the surreal moment with the skeletons building the living man made it all very worth it .
watch that shot , it 's amazing .
-- polarisdib

1
this is one of many shorts that buster keaton made over his long career .
none of them were intended as deep entertainment but contained a lot of funny low-brow humor -- full of pratfalls galore !
well , this one is certainly no different .
buster is a bank teller who is accused of cheating the bank and having passed forged money .
the interminably long scene involving glue and money , by the way , is the absolutely worst part of the film -- it goes on way too long .
however , once he is fired and accidentally goes to the haunted house ( how he knew to go there since it was the crooks ' hideout is amazing ) , the film picks up a lot of speed .
the fun intensifies as the crooks try very hard to scare buster .
when he quickly figures that the ghosts are fake , then the crooks try to kill him !
watch the film to find out the cute conclusion and have a few laughs along the way .

1
this little gem of a movie is chock full of inventive gags that will keep you laughing .
there are the usual physical ones , such as the house and its many .
what had me intrigued were some of the sight gags as well .
the dog and the bell was amazing to watch .
each and every corner in keaton 's world has something wondrous around it .
the man was an amazing athlete , and it shows here .
watch for the weird guns throughout the film .
they do n't make sense but then again they do n't have to .

1
this film looks way ahead of its time - the cinematography is superb and it is well directed by marion .
the melodramatic plot details are hard for a lot of reviewers to take it seems , yet in wartime , lives often completely unravel ( in a job-like manner ) so all the losses sustained by our heroine do not seem to me to be out of the ordinary .
the betrayal by her love ( a german spy ) , the loss of her brothers in war , the blinding of her original love in war - do not seem out of place .
my only reservation is in the overlong melodrama involving the of her child at the end and its eventual restoration - this is the only segment that rings a bit untrue .
otherwise , it is most convincing and so strikingly photographed that one is constantly entranced .
pickford 's performance does not have a single false note - she is superb , one of her finest pieces of acting .
i recommend this film most heartily .

1
nothing great in this comedy from harold lloyd .
he would use much of this material later in his career and to better effect .
the sets are crude and the storyline choppy .
mildred davis ( the girl ) disappears for much of the film , and anna may bilson ( as the little girl -- not a boy as stated in the plot summary here ) is not very photogenic .
some good comedy bits , but nothing great .
and yes , mildred davis would become lloyd 's wife soon after this film was completed .

1
being a , this harold lloyd vehicle commands more attention than his typical short - though it 's not quite as rounded as his feature-length films either !
train-set for a good part of the duration , it provides plenty of gags characteristic to such a situation : being a stowaway with a small girl in tow , lloyd has to devise several ways in which to avoid detection ; there 's a lengthy scene in the ( at one point , lloyd causes the train to make an emergency stop in the middle of the country-side simply because his spoilt ward wants a glass of milk !
) ; and the star even contrives to find himself on top of the train as it 's speeding towards a tunnel .
as with many of his other shorts i 've watched , a good enough comedy but these , somehow , are n't as highly regarded as the equivalent work of a keaton or even laurel & hardy !

1
` the nut ' is entertaining enough , yet the elements never cohere .
first , the good news : we get quite a bit of douglas fairbanks 's trademark acrobatics .
during the climactic sequence , he and marguerite de la motte ( the latter partly ) clamber about inside a furnace boiler and its heating ducts -- good job this movie seems to take place in summer !
-- and there 's some clever double-exposure photography to give us a cutaway view of the two of them inside the ducts .
unfortunately , ` the nut ' ca n't quite figure out what sort of film it wants to be .
in the opening , fairbanks is a crackpot inventor .
we see him out of bed by his own inventions : a series of heath robinson contraptions that end with fairbanks bathed , showered and fully dressed .
i was impressed by a strategic title card at the crucial moment when fairbanks would have been seen naked .
but what 's all this cleverness in aid of ?
parts of ` the nut ' are quite realistic ; other parts are unrealistic but have some good screwball humour ... whilst other sections are neither realistic nor funny .
de la motte plays a socialite who has some weird theory about letting slum children spend a few minutes each day in posh houses ... so that they 'll be better citizens when they 're whisked back to the slums afterwards , apparently .
as the chief villain , william lowery gives a good performance in a badly-written role .
this is one of those movies in which the villain is willing to break a whole bunch of laws in order to seduce one particular woman ( even though he has access to other women ) for no discernible reason except to provide a conflict for the hero .
there 's also a supernatural running gag here , with villain lowery phoning the heroine via a switchboard operated by the devil in hell , whilst fairbanks phones the same lady via a switchboard staffed by cupid .
the heroine favours a white candlestick telephone which she keeps in its own weird little table kiosk : were ladies in 1921 unwilling to display their telephones ?
the notorious barbara la marr is on screen briefly , but is given little to do .
in a title card , she describes de la motte as having ` yellow hair ' , but de la motte photographs as brunette here .
mary pickford turns up as a dress extra during the charity party sequence , yet her presence is so strong that i spotted her instantly .
in the same sequence , aye , that 's the real charlie chaplin briefly seen as a chaplin impersonator .
in addition to his acrobatics , fairbanks has a funny bit after he 's stripped to his underwear in the street .
using a knife that he apparently keeps in his , doug slices the two - dimensional pasteboard clothing off a conveniently life-sized male figure on a nearby billboard , then he ` wears ' this back to his greenwich village home .
( not that this movie 's exterior sets remotely resemble greenwich village of the 1920s , mind you .
) i laughed heartily at a gag sequence in which fairbanks pretends to be a corpse on a gurney .
my rating : 7 out of 10 .

1
orphans of the storm is quite an impressive looking silent film from d.w. griffith , who was obviously the cecil b. demille of his day .
he has an instinct for showing surging crowd scenes involving all the unrest during the french revolution and these scenes are highly detailed and very arresting visually .
all the sets and costumes look as though a lavish budget was spent on this story of two sisters who survive the french revolution after many melodramatic twists and turns of their fortune .
dorothy gish and lillian gish are the sisters , with dorothy as the blind waif who is separated from her sister when an overly amorous nobleman orders lillian to be brought to his orgy .
from there on , the dickensian plot becomes thicker and thicker as the girls suffer one indignity after another in order to survive .
lucille laverne is the old hag ( she later was the model for disney 's wicked witch in `` snow white `` ) , a harridan who makes dorothy a beggar in the streets .
`` you 'll shiver better without a shawl , `` is one of her immortal lines .
joseph schildkraut is very impressive in an early american screen role , demonstrating charm and skill of the kind that would land him important parts in future costume films like `` marie antoinette . ``
monte blue is danton , a man who meets lillian gish early in the story and later becomes the defender who saves her and schildkraut from the guillotine .
it 's all very melodramatic , the acting ranging from overdone to wildly overdone .
griffith was never subtle in asking his performers to give it their all .
excessive wringing of hands , eye-rolling to show anguish , fierce looks to show hatred , etc . may cause unintended chuckles when viewed by today 's audiences , but there is never any letdown in the telling of a compelling story using the french revolution as rich background material for a tale of villainy and heroism .
a fascinating silent film with an appropriate film score added to give the story even more force and flavor .
summing up : overlong drama , but compelling from the start to the feverishly melodramatic end .
exquisite close-ups of lillian gish are touching and lend poignant charm to her performance .

1
unusual for a keaton film to have no love interest , but in this one it is love of justice that is the motivating factor .
keaton is a butterfly hunter who must prevent being burned at the stake by a tribe of hostile native americans in the first half .
in the second he helps them retrieve their land , stolen by evil land barons .
the second half is not of much interest .
the first however has back to back hilarity in the scenes where buster joins the tribal dance , outwits the brave trying to stack burning wood around the pole he is tied to and then in the ensuing chase with some awesome acrobatics that have to be seen to be believed .
except for these two sequences it falls rather flat - in my estimation - despite the clever double horse joke used again here in a different way than in the scarecrow .
kino 's release is made up of two prints - about 90 % of a crisp , clear and bright print is used and its missing scenes are filled in by using segments from a somewhat blurry , second or third generation copy .
there is a full orchestral score with sound effects .

1
in the early days of silent films indians were inevitably the all purpose villains .
for those who think that it was not until such post world war ii films as devil 's doorway , broken arrow , and fort apache that the indian point of view was filmed , the paleface , a comic short subject by buster keaton was the granddaddy of those other classics .
in fact the villains are really modern ones , would you believe oil company executives interested in the almighty profit at the expense of everything else .
but oil was shortly to be cast in infamy with the american public in the form of the teapot dome scandal which would break a couple of years later .
even then there was a stench emanating from wyoming and people were asking questions .
the oil company has discovered oil on indian land and has summarily ordered them off .
the indians are naturally upset and the chief joe roberts promises to kill the next white man who sets foot on the reservation .
who should it be , but poor innocent butterfly collector buster keaton , as innocent here as his comic rivals harry langdon or stan laurel .
the great stone face leads the indians on quite the merry chase and with a little help from asbestos , survives a burning at the stake .
with what we know now , one also shudders at the buster acquired from that experience .
knowing this man is something special , the paleface becomes a leader of the tribe and they successfully battle oil company encroachment .
by the way one of the vignettes in the james stewart film the fbi story deals with just this question , indians being cheated out of their land by oil company speculators .
of course it was dealt with a bit more seriously than in the paleface .
not too much similarity between this and the bob russell feature film classic , the paleface .
hope also nearly got burned at the stake , but his escape was different , one classically different method from another great comedian .
the paleface is a real good introduction to the comic art of buster keaton .

1
`` tol ` able david `` is routinely described as ` an old warhorse ' ; a staple of film societies in days gone by , now fallen out of the canon with the restoration of long-lost masterpieces to more general circulation .
having seen it ... i suppose i can see why .
it 's clearly an accessible film with appeal to an audience unfamiliar with silent cinema , thanks to a healthy dose of introductory comedy and a good-looking boyish lead : richard barthelmess , playing a very convincing sixteen .
it 's a straightforward ` coming of age ' story in which an adolescent proves himself to be a man , and wins the heart of the girl he loves .
it boasts a nude bathing scene for the ladies ' benefit , and a lengthy no-holds-barred fist fight for the men .
the characters are all well cast and played , from the hissable villains to the heroine as girl-next-door , and barthelmess 's performance in his role is extremely good .
on the other hand , compared to later features from the final flowering of the silent era , the film really has no great pretensions to subtlety or depth ; this is an unsophisticated melodrama , a slab of rustic americana that might have been helmed by steven spielberg , and by modern standards the weepy ending is perhaps a little saccharine to swallow .
the david and goliath fight ( foreshadowed in the opening ) between boy and brutal killer would be done better by harold lloyd in the action finale to `` the kid brother `` ; here , i found it went over the top to a degree that cut out the actual sense of danger , going on and on in multiple cut-away scenes where the hero neither outwits his enemy nor credibly him .
the language of the intertitles is n't quite elinor glyn , but it 's enough to seen quaintly ` dated ' .
`` tol ` able david `` is good , of its kind , but i did n't find it great -- and i have to admit that at a number of points i found it hard to get immersed in the story .
( part of my problem , i strongly suspect , is that it 's a very american tale in more ways than just its setting : it simply is n't aimed at me .
) the old warhorse still flares its nostrils and stamps the ground ; but it has justly earned occasional trips out of peaceful retirement , rather than the regular duties that were once its fare .
i 'd certainly recommend it to a friend ... but i would n't recommend him to expect too much .

1
`` tol ` able david `` is a good film , but it also suffers from some script problems that keep it from being anything other than a better than average time-passer -- and i do love silent films and i did want to love this film .
richard barthelmess plays david -- the youngest member of his family .
while this is believable , what is n't is how in the movie everyone treats him like he 's an 11 year-old !
again and again , david is told he 's too young -- too young to go to work delivering mail , too young to defend the family 's honor and too young to do anything other than run errands for mama .
however , he looks to be about 20 -- way too old for such a role .
seeing everyone treating him like a kid just seemed dumb .
a trio of evil ruffians soon arrive to the tiny country town .
they force themselves on their cousin -- a nice but very ineffectual man who lives nearby .
eventually , one of these ruffians viciously attacks barthelmess ' brother -- causing him to become an invalid .
the father , upon learning of this , has a heart attack and dies !
so , it 's up to david to go to work to support his family -- and avenge his family 's honor .
but , as david is ` only a boy ' his mother convinces him not to seek out the jerks who paralyzed his brother -- and , bizarrely , though there are witnesses to this unprovoked attack , no one does anything to arrest the attacker !
since when was an unprovoked assault okay in the sight of the law ? !
and so , despite his mother 's protest , it 's up to david to eventually take on all three of these career criminals in a conclusion that 's fun to watch -- but is unconvincing .
barthelmess and the rest try their best and the direction and cinematography is very good .
the problem is that the writing often just made little sense .
as i said above , barthelmess was simply too old for the role and the whole need for revenge made no sense either -- there was a sheriff and yet no one seemed to take much note of three violent criminals living among them .
enjoyable but quite flawed .

1
while i am a huge classic movie fan , i have had trouble getting into silent films .
beyond the rocks is the first silent movie that i have watched from beginning to end .
i was attracted to this movie because of the stars ( gloria swanson and rudolph valentino ) and the fact that this film was lost until just a few years ago .
i really enjoyed this movie and found myself quickly drawn into the story .
i was even making up dialogue to go along with the story playing out on the screen .
this story was a bit melodramatic and the worst of this was josiah 's insanely corny death scene .
( when josiah grasped the hands of theodora and hector and then joined them together my eyeballs nearly rolled out of my head .
) despite the melodrama , the story was appealing to me and the sets and costumes were wonderful .
i also enjoyed all of the performances .
besides valentino and swanson , i was particularly drawn to alec b. francis in the role of theodora 's father .
my main quibble with this movie ( like others have mentioned ) is the sound effects in the score .
i understand why they put them in ( to appeal to modern audiences ) but i found them completely distracting .
they were unnecessary and took away from the movie .
i also found swanson 's make up and costume in some scenes to be distracting .
in some scenes she looked much older than valentino ( she was actually a few years younger ) .
granted , i have not seen a lot of 1920 's movies , so this just may be my ignorance showing .
all in all , i really enjoyed this movie and plan to seek out other silent films now that i know they can hold my attention .

1
at this silent point , it is not necessary to explain who were dame gloria swanson and herr rudolph valentino , two silent icons both well known and recognizable for anyone interested in the silent era or even afterwards .
both silent stars worked together in only one film , `` beyond the rocks `` directed by herr sam wood during the silent year of 1922 .
it was considered lost for many decades until miraculously a nitrate emerged from darkness and was carefully restored by suitable curators at the `` filmmuseum `` .
obviously the interest in watching such an important silent couple in that film was enormous after so many years , but this german count finds the film 's artistic merits noteworthy as well .
the words elegance and discretion best describe the tone of the film .
it is the story of a larger than life love between dame theodora fitzgerald ( gloria swanson ) and lord hector bracondale ( rudolph valentino ) .
theodora is married to captain fitzgerald ( alec b. francis ) but it 's a matter of economics not love as the match was a way of giving financial support to her family , namely her father and her two older sisters .
the passion lord hector and theodora feel for each other is depicted in a well mannered , discreet but at the same time , passionate way ; a restricted love that must be suffered in silence in order to avoid a scandal and consequently put at risk the financial support of dame fitzgerald 's family .
this is a hidden love that must wait for better times in order to be consummated .
such restrained passion is due to decency and the social convention that such affairs not be public ; after all adultery is a delicate subject for couples from all social classes , not to mention that 80 years ago it was even more complicated to depict adultery on the silent screen due to censorship .
immoral conduct although older than recorded history and practiced for centuries , can not be justified even in an artistic way according to the censors of that day .
so herr sam wood 's direction is perfect ; he maintains the slow tempo and the frustrations `` in crescendo `` of such inappropriate love sufferings of the couple .
this gives the film the perfect mood , sometimes stilted but at the same time lovely and decadent , helped by the convincing performances of both silent stars , glamorous dame swanson and charming her valentino .
sometimes , watching the film , this herr von was on the verge of losing his temper and said out loud at the schloss screen : `` both of you are young , handsome and rich , so what are you waiting for to commit adultery , for gott 's sake ? ? ! ! ``
... , a logical aristocratic reaction .
fortunately dame fitzgerald and herr bracondale knew pretty well that it is much better to suppress basic aristocratic instincts and wait and suffer properly in order to finally get their longed for reward , or as they say in the film , wait until they have `` passed the rocks and be finally in the safe waters beyond `` .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must drink a cocktail on the rocks .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
when the restored version of beyond the rocks received its american premiere earlier this week at the new york film festival i was fortunate enough to be in the audience .
the amazing story of this film 's recovery and reconstruction by the staff of amsterdam 's nederlands filmmuseum is told elsewhere on this page so it 's not necessary to repeat it here ; for my part , ever since i first heard about this rediscovery over a year ago i 've been curious about one thing only , and that 's the quality of the movie itself .
it 's great that beyond the rocks has been found , but how good is it ?
well , it was certainly exciting to see the movie with an audience , and a thrill to see gloria swanson and rudolph valentino in something `` new , `` but frankly i do n't think anyone will mistake beyond the rocks for a masterpiece of the silent cinema .
it 's like a sumptuously produced harlequin romance , a 1922 soap opera in which the two stars model lots of great outfits while they suffer nobly in picturesque locales .
i 'm not saying it 's a bad movie , it 's actually a lot of fun on its own terms , but it 's the kind of fun you get from reading a `` guilty pleasure `` beach book .
there 's nothing wrong with a beach book as long as you 're not expecting chekhov , and nothing wrong with this film as long as you 're not expecting murnau .
the screenplay was based on a novel by elinor glyn , an eccentric lady best known for coining the term `` it `` to describe sex appeal .
madame glyn ( as she preferred to be addressed ) is sometimes called the barbara cartland of her day , but glyn 's novels were far more outlandish than most anything you 'll find in today 's bookstores .
her plots were just flimsy excuses to place aristocratic lovers in exotic , secluded settings fit for delivering speeches and engaging in steamy love-making on tiger rugs .
just consider the names of some of her characters : princess , madame , lord bracondale , and let 's not forget bracondale 's jilted fiancã©e , the unfortunate morella .
considering the silly source material it 's remarkable that the filmmakers who adapted beyond the rocks for the screen managed to convert glyn 's tale into something halfway respectable with a touch of dignity .
at the screening i attended there were occasional giggles at moments of blatant hokum in the plotting but i would n't call the film absurd over all .
i think it 's safe to say ( although i have n't read the novel ) that this is a case where the movie may be considerably better than the book .
before seeing the film i wondered how two such iconic figures as gloria swanson and rudolph valentino would pair on screen .
having seen it , my conclusion is that although rudy looks great and gives a nicely nuanced performance this is gloria 's picture all the way .
her character is at the center of the story and it 's what happens to her that matters .
swanson rises to the occasion with a stylized performance that is larger than life without ever going over-the-top , not even in the wrap-up sequence in the dunes of the sahara , when the story reaches its climax and emotions peak .
gloria retains her poise and , like all the best silent stars , conveys a great deal with her eyes .
swanson was often called a `` clothes horse `` and throughout this film she and her co-star are both given the opportunity to show off a number of terrific costumes , most notably in a couple of gratuitous historical flashbacks apparently included solely to give the stars the opportunity to display themselves in exotic finery .
a friend of mine who also saw the film said that the costumes worn in beyond the rocks are the real stars , and i quite agree .
mind you , this is n't a mere fashion show ; this movie features not one but two bold rescues of the heroine ( at sea and in the alps ) and a wild desert siege by bandits on horseback , but this is n't an action flick at heart , it 's a chick flick and the real action lies in the smoldering looks exchanged by the stars .
the print of beyond the rocks is in remarkably good shape for the most part , but there are some rough stretches where decomposition is noticeable , and a couple of junctures where a minute or so of footage is obviously missing .
at the festival screening i attended , unfortunately , live music was not provided .
instead we were shown a print with a score by henny vrienten , and while i liked some of the music i found it a little too at times : at one point there 's a bluesy jazz theme that 's more miles davis than jelly roll morton , pleasant enough but , in my opinion , not right for a film of this vintage .
it was also unfortunate that the people who prepared the soundtrack found it necessary to dub in sound effects .
i have no problem with certain ambient sounds ( seagulls , dogs barking in the distance , etc . ) but on this track we heard doors opening and closing , documents being unfolded , and even the sound of one hand patting another .
they seemed to be trying to make the film `` less silent `` but for me these noises were excessive and only emphasized the absence of voices .
in sum , beyond the rocks is an enjoyable experience and of course a fascinating one for buffs and fans of the two stars , but it 's not a film i 'd use to introduce a newcomer to silent movies .
god knows there are better examples of silent drama , but i 'm nonetheless grateful that this film has unexpectedly emerged from obscurity as a special treat for the connoisseur , a , unabashedly old-fashioned romance served up with all the trimmings .

1
i had a full range of impressions and emotions while watching this recently rediscovered silent film .
i saw it on a big screen in orlando ( before dvd release ) and my husband and i sat in the very front row so we would be right on top of it and would n't miss a thing .
story aspects : beyond the rocks is a romantic melodrama , based on a story by elinor glyn .
it had some typical silent film clichã©s and overacting , but to a veteran silent film fan this will not be distracting .
gloria swanson plays theodora , who loves her father and family enough to sacrifice for them by marrying an older man she does not love just because he is rich .
afterward she falls in love with hector ( rudolph valentino ) , a rich romantic young gentleman who rescues her from the clutches of death not just once , but twice .
a series of circumstances leads the husband to understand his wife is in love with another man , and he goes off on a dangerous exhibition to algeria with the aim of sacrificing himself so that the young couple can be together .
swanson and valentino obviously enjoyed working together , they had a nice chemistry together on screen , though it did n't strike me as a terribly passionate one .
in fact there was not one single kiss scene in the entire film , a major disappointment to me ( unless there was one in missing footage ) .
the closest they come to it is one scene where she rubs her cheek against his head .
there was instead much talk of duty and doing the right thing by staying away from each other as much as possible , so that the husband would not be hurt .
style aspects : gloria 's clothes in the film were gorgeous .
valentino on the other hand looked like he was shortchanged in the wardrobe department in several scenes , where he wears a tweed suit that ill becomes him .
it looks too tight and only one top button is buttoned on his suit coat , which looked odd to me .
for one brief scene he looks incredibly dashing all dressed in white .
this was also the first time i noticed that valentino had a rather large horizontal scar on his right cheek !
you can see details like this much better on a big screen .
i have never noticed it in any valentino film i 've seen on dvd .
in the beginning scenes valentino looks so young he looks like a teenager .
delectable .
gloria on the other hand had so much makeup on that she looked much older than her years , older even than she looked in queen kelly !
that kept putting me off .
it got a little better when she started wearing sophisticated , glamorous clothes , when she did age as part of the plot .
the art direction was pretty good for a 1922 movie .
the scenes on the water and in the desert were quite realistic .
the interior of homes looked authentic to the time period .
obviously a great deal of thought was dedicated to the overall look of the film , to make it artistic as much as possible .
technical aspects : the film started at 7 pm and ended at pm , so it was roughly one hour and 10 minutes long ( with a 5 minute intro ) .
my first impression of the film was that i was disappointed the beginning titles and credits were obviously lost .
the font they used for the title and star credits was a modern , simple one and not impressive .
if i were restoring it i would have designed opening credits with a strong vintage look to them , perhaps using a decorative flower design border .
they could have gotten ideas from similar 1922 films .
to just announce their magical names , gloria swanson and rudolph valentino , with a boring , ugly modern font was not appropriate and did n't do justice to the importance of this film find .
most scenes had artifacts galore and missing frames .
a pageant sequence was partly missing , leaving the audience with unanswered questions as to what went on during those important scenes .
there were some deteriorated scenes and decomposition but most of the film was in watchable condition , and we should be thankful we have it at all .
musical aspects : the score was a strange mixed bag of new age music with some jazzy refrains thrown in at inappropriate times .
one flashback scene received some vintage sounding music but it was n't impressively authentic .
there was one nice bit of music in a hotel scene where a musician was playing some kind of elaborate string instrument and people were dancing .
that was my favorite part of the score , but alas , all too brief .
overall i feel the composer was trying to sound like james horner 's music , the fellow who did james cameron 's titanic soundtrack , but this new age , celtic sound is just not what i prefer when i watch my silent films .
enough with the pan flutes already !
i prefer period music for silents .
the absolute worst thing about this score was the constant sound effects .
it was ridiculous .
no audience would have heard that many sound effects when going to watch a silent film in 1922 .
they would n't have heard that many sound effects if they had seen a sound film in 1929 !
my rating : i 'd give this film a 7 out of 10 for the storyline itself , a typical melodrama that was n't original , an 8 out of 10 for set design and locations , a 4 out of 10 for the `` restoration `` work done , a 6 out of 10 for the music score ( i might have raised that to a 7 without all the sound effects !
) , and an 8 out of 10 for the acting .
addendum : i have since read the 1906 novel by elinor glyn , it 's much better than the film .
i would strongly suggest people interested in this film seek out the novel .

1
the silent era continues to have surprises for us , such as this one , `` beyond the rocks , `` a film starring gloria swanson and rudolph valentino once thought lost but since rediscovered and restored .
based on a novel by elinor glyn , it 's a potboiler that does n't hold up well today , but so little does at age 84 .
it 's the story of a young woman , theodora , the hope of her family ( i.e . , the one with the youth and looks to nab a rich husband ) who meets a british nobleman ( valentino ) when he saves her from drowning .
then she meets her betrothed , a short , old thing .
she 's disappointed , but for the sake of her father , marries him .
she runs into valentino on her honeymoon and this time , he saves her from falling off a mountain during a climbing expedition .
they seem meant to be .
but both are determined to honor her marriage vows .
valentino and swanson are heavily made up , and both actually looked much better with a more natural appearance .
in the beginning , with her hair down and less max factor , swanson is lovely - petite , with amazing eyes and beautiful skin .
later on , however , she looks older than she is due to the make-up and hair-do .
her character has a great wardrobe , and swanson wears it well .
both actors give good performances .
valentino had a tendency to be obvious in some of his emotions - it was more the style then - but he gives a more relaxed performance in `` beyond the rocks . ``
most of the movie looks beautiful with its sepia tones though there are some damaged sections .
it 's quite a find and a chance to see two big stars of the silent era together .
swanson wrote of parts of the film that do n't seem to exist any longer - but as one of the comments here suggests , she perhaps was mixing this up with another film .
given the plot , it would be easy to do so .

1
it 's great to have this film back after 84 years !
it 's only a pity it could n't have been rediscovered while gloria swanson was still alive ( in her autobiography she named it as one of the three films of hers the `` loss `` of which she regretted most , along with `` madame `` and the last reel of `` sadie thompson `` ) .
elinor glyn 's story is horribly contrived -- i ca n't think of another movie until the beatles ' `` help ! ``
that moved its characters so extensively around the world to so little effect -- and the love scenes are a bit disappointing ( swanson recalled that the fatty arbuckle and william desmond taylor scandals both broke just before this film started shooting , with the result that the script was given a last-minute rewrite to tone down the adulterous passions of her and valentino 's characters ) -- but what makes this movie truly great is the marvelously understated acting .
this is the film to show someone who thinks all silent-film actors swooned , waved their arms like windmills and reacted to traumas like the statue of liberty collapsing in an earthquake : the people in `` beyond the rocks `` use simple , economical gestures and facial expressions to get their emotions across .
i credit director sam wood -- who made the transition to sound quite successfully and had a long career in the talkies -- with getting these marvelously realistic performances from his cast .
henny vrienten 's musical score for the restored print is somber and effective , though i could have done without the sound effects and crowd noises and it seems odd to watch a silent film with music whose primary instruments are a flute and a miles trumpet .

1
this is a very competently made silent film -- with excellent direction , top stars and a decent script .
and , overall it 's a good film as well , but nothing exceptional one way or the other .
for fans of silents , it 's a great film to see .
for those who are uninitiated or are afraid of silent films ( a common problem ) , this is n't the best film to see , as there are more memorable and timeless movies out there for you to discover .
plus , both ms. swanson and mr. valentino appeared in better ( as well as worse ) films -- it 's sort of a middle of the road film for them both , though it 's the only occasion where they appeared together in a film .
also , and no one is to blame for this , but the version recently discovered in the netherlands is not in pristine condition .
while generally good , there are some small sections where the film has degraded so much further restoration just is n't possible .

1
this silent film , `` beyond the rocks `` was made in 1922 .
it was believed to have been lost forever , as films of that era were made out of a nitrate that disintegrated over time .
film makers of that time made a lot of pictures , and movie audiences simply moved on to the next film .
no one thought anyone would care about these gems ; fortunately this one was found .
the film stars two of the most popular actors of the silent era : gloria swanson and rudolph valentino .
the story centers around a penniless young girl ; she is married off to a much older man ( josiah brown ) so she can provide for her family financially .
enter a handsome aristocrat ( valentino ) who is smitten with the now very wealthy swanson .
the two are very attracted to each other .
she resists , torn between duty to her husband and her love for the younger man .
despite his love for her , valentino tries to be a gentleman , and he is never inappropriate with her .
her husband gets wind of the attraction , and the rest of the story is heartbreaking .
the quality of this film is quite good ; there are a few rough patches , but overall the color tints used are outstanding .
it is a lavishly produced film , complete with amazing set designs , and swanson is decked out in sumptuous fashions .
the film itself was probably considered average for its time .
however , it is quite a treat to see both valentino and swanson at the peak of their youth and good looks .
i love silent films and turner classic movies for bringing them to us !

1
i 've loved silent films for years so i 'm not your average film viewer , i watch as many as i can find because they 're to too rare and usually uniquely entertaining .
beyond the rocks is not your typical silent in that is the only pairing of stars two of the brightest stars in what was a lost but not forgotten film .
it was only forgotten because it was lost for but after the discovery in the netherlands we finally have a chance to see it for ourselves .
i first want to applaud them and all their hard work as i would any archivist in their efforts to make history available to all of us .
i had read some of the many reviews on the imdb , and after seeing it , the reviews are quite funny .
one reviewer writes how valentino walks away with the film but was not impressed by swanson .
another finds swanson radiant and valentino stiff and inexpressive .
and other 's thought the film 's costumes were the best part !
i enjoyed it mostly because the actors had charm including the dumpy old rich husband that got in and then later out of the way .
the story was typical with our sympathies being first with drowning swanson , then the dangling mountain climber swanson , then the trapped in a poor family swanson turned social climber stuck married to a chubby old man she did n't love swanson .
valentino and swanson never really turn on the heat on high but after kismet ( aka ) has brought them together repeatedly they do simmer a little .
on the whole i enjoyed seeing the film on the big screen .
the `` digital restoration `` turned out to be that the picture image pretty sharp and is rock steady instead of jumpy and jittery .
it was a detailed image with sharp focus obviously made from a 35mm nitrate print .
what continually struck me as being odd is that the film was filled with artifacts like spots , dirt , specks , blotches , scratches , tears , etc . .
i 've seen several digitally restored titles where these minor image imperfections were removed .
and i 'm familiar with nitrate decomposition and what that looks like and there were a couple of sections where i understand it was a necessity to that 's all that has survived in the source material .
but , it does not look like any effort was made to clean up or correct any of the wear throughout the print .
especially , the little lines on the left side of the image caused by those tiny , stress tears at sprocket holes that dance thru out the film .
i realize a lot of people probably worked hard and much money was spent on making it look as good as it does , but if the lack of money or time was a problem then why spend too much on the excessive soundtrack ?
i 've seen hundreds of silent films and they should be presented with music that the action .
the presentation i saw used a new soundtrack especially made for this restoration and it was not a simply piano or music track using music in a style that would have been used at the films original release .
instead we heard boat and car motors running , the gravel getting crushed under the wheels of a moving car , doors opening & closing , every footstep , papers rustling , dogs painting , background crowd murmurings , envelopes being opened , every sound under the sun except the voices of the lead actors !
ugh !
these background effects did not compliment the action but constantly bring attention to them selves as unnecessary and intrusive !
a proper silent era film presentation has the film accompanied by music of the era that is played live and the musician interprets the mood as it is presented on screen and blends it with the mood of that particular audience .
this live mixing of projected larger than life image , live music and interactions of the audience create a recipe for cinema magic !
and even though i have ranted on about how i disliked the sound effects that were added to this silent motion picture i did enjoy seeing the film and would not want to prevent anyone from seeing it any way they can .
but i hope when it is released soundtrack is on the dvd in case a customer has an experience like mine .
my votes , film 7 out of 10 , 1950s styled jazz music 4 out of 10 and distracting sound effects -1 out of ten .

1
my print runs under just under an hour which is obviously inferior to the regular 80-minute version or the longer kino print , so i 'll focus on the presenting of the tale instead of commenting on aspects of characterisation , cinematography , etc . .
there is nothing extraordinarily unique about the plot or the intrigue itself - it even resembles the classic greek tragedies to some extent : poor kid makes good , becomes national hero , earns himself a true family but then the true test of his character comes when temptations are served to him on a platter .
i do approve though of the way the story is told .
there are instances of foreshadowing ( i 'll give no details to avoid spoilers ) and a parallel subplot serving to muddle the clear distinctions between villain and hero we are so used to seeing in regular blockbuster fare .
at the same time , enough tension is maintained to keep the viewer interested unto the end .
it is no mere plot-driven movie either - director fred niblo leaves the viewer with enough food for thought to reflect on the nature of society , and man 's penchant for self-destruction through cruelty and lust .
i am no connoisseur of silent movies such as this one but i thought the actors and actresses were very capable and the three main actors ( valentino , naldi and lee ) certainly do not lack the required screen presence to make human dramas like this work .
it is perhaps debatable whether blood and sand represents the finest of niblo 's and valentino 's careers but it can be taken for granted that they must have been very proud of their efforts here .

1
this is a wonderful valentino performance - he is so young , so full of wonder and emotion and so restrained ( director niblo keeps the pace moving and gets restrained performances from all of his cast ) .
it is his fresh , youthful , trusting performance in the first half of the film that makes his tragic downfall in the second half all the more affecting .
his julio is a young man led by and torn to pieces by his passions .
first they are positive - to fight bulls , to marry , to rise to stardom and happiness .
then they are addictive and negative - the bond with a ruthless woman who wants him only as a sexual plaything and who discards him in the end .
julio ends as a man deserted by his mistress , rejected by his wife and fans ( due to the scandal ) and one who either deliberately commits suicide in the ring or at least loses the will to live there .
it is one of valentino 's finest performances .
nita naldi as the bad woman and lila lee as the good wife offer competent performances .
it is a fast-paced film at 75 minutes and very much worth your attention - a fascinating look at a super star , giving a muted performance , full of feeling .

1
impoverished shoemaker 's son rudolph valentino ( as juan gallardo ) wants to be a bullfighter , much to his widowed mother 's dismay .
still , toreador valentino excels in the dangerous sport ; and , later , he is wealthy and famous throughout spain .
along the way , he marries virtuous childhood sweetheart lila lee ( as carmen ) .
for valentino , temptation accompanies fame , as he falls under the spell of wicked temptress nita naldi ( as doã±a sol ) , a slightly sadomasochistic bullfighting groupie .
can valentino love two women at the same time ?
valentino performs well as an innocent ragamuffin who achieves great fame ; of course , this parallels the idolization of the film 's star .
moreover , the idol proves just as attractive being seduced ( herein , by ms. naldi ) as he was the seducer ( in the recent `` sheik `` ) .
fred niblo 's `` blood and sand `` is a classic ; however , the story , and disjointed bullfighting footage , do bog things down .
great things happen , after about a quarter hour , when valentino steps into naldi 's lair .
in a neat bit of acting business , valentino wipes a sweaty hand before greeting his seductress ; then , he and naldi 's servant exchange weird looks as valentino gets his cigarette lighted .
after some crosscutting to innocent ms. lee , naldi 's gets her man .
writer june mathis adapts well , for her star ; but , the ibã¡ã±ez story should have more streamlined .
combining , or further developing , the characters played by charles belcher ( don ) and walter long ( ) might have helped .
mr. belcher 's character is most interesting ; he collects torture devices , and choruses the film 's thesis : `` happiness and prosperity built on cruelty and bloodshed can not survive . ``
******* blood and sand ( ) fred niblo ~ rudolph valentino , lila lee , nita naldi , charles belcher

1
one of the most clever visual running gags used in silent film comedy has to be in this movie , when grandma gets grandpa 's suit out of mothballs for her grandson harold and he wears it for the rest of the movie , even during the climactic fight scenes !
when we first see him visit his sweetheart wearing his grandfather 's suit , the butler comes to the door in an identical garment , giving the viewer additional laughs as well as a look as what the people in service were wearing at the time .
( harold is wearing his grandfather 's suit because his own suit has shrunken to child size after he was pushed down the well by his rival at the start of the movie , but by the movie 's end , he finds the strength to fight back and push him down that same well !
)

1
i had heard harold lloyd was a precursor to charlie chaplin & buster keaton .
however , this was the first of his films i saw and i was a bit disappointed .
imo , the sight were n't very funny .
i 'm sure as others have said this was good for it 's time by having a longer and coherent storyline - but it just was n't that funny .
also , by today 's sensibilities the demonization of the homeless ( into a savage beastly violent person ) was rather offensive .
i would recommend starting with his earlier works `` number , please `` or `` bumping into broadway `` .
this 10 line minimum is annoying - i can see having a 2 line minimum so someone does n't just write `` sucks `` but why should i have to write 10 lines ?
a concise review is preferable .

1
grandma 's boy is among the first silent comedies that focus on characterization .
it is also lloyd 's breakthrough picture which set him on the rank of chaplin and keaton and we can easily see why .
it 's full of tightly linked , ingenious gags ( even where he put his hat would serve as a link to later action ) .
it also keeps some acrobatic movements that reminds us of lloyd 's 2 reeler days .
it has a strong story line , and consistent plot development and delicate performance from lloyd as well .
the grandpa 's civil war episode is truly funny .

1
harold lloyd 's first great feature pits him in his ideal homespun setting with a simple and archetypal plot in which the mild-mannered boy gradually learns to overcome his cowardice - with the help of his loving grandmother - to become the toast of the town ; in this respect , it predates the star 's more celebrated the freshman ( 1925 ) in being , above all , character-driven ( with a dash of sentimentality ) .
that said , perhaps the film 's most hilarious scene is a typical one in which both lloyd and his rival for the affections of leading lady mildred davis unwittingly mistake from lloyd 's ancient costume ( which had belonged to his grandfather ) for sweets .
it 's climaxed , however , by three lengthy and impressive set-pieces : the civil war feat of the hero 's grandfather ( also played by lloyd and remarkably anticipating keaton 's the general -lsb- 1927 -rsb- ) ; the chase leading up to the capture of the town bully by the lloyd ( brought about by the presence of a zuni doll - more than 50 years before such an artifact would achieve immortality via the classic made-for-tv compendium trilogy of terror -lsb- 1975 -rsb- !
) ; and our hero 's settling of accounts with his mean-spirited rival , which features some rather physical tussling for this kind of film .
as ever with lloyd , apart from providing the requisite attention to gag structure and the creation of atmosphere , the film results in being quite technically proficient .

1
d. w. griffith made his only venture into the mystery field here , primarily due to the success of the `` old dark house `` genre , stimulated by mary roberts rinehart 's novel , the circular staircase , which was very successfully filmed and staged ( with avery hopwood ) as the bat .
the script written by griffith ( as irene sinclair ) is extremely complicated , and engages the cast in a jointed series of plots revolving for the most part about attempts at discovery of a missing half-million dollars of bootlegger takings , secreted somewhere within a mansion that is replete with secret passages and hidden panels .
griffith gave his mistress , carol dempster , the female lead romantically linked with henry hull , whose kinetic is difficult to match , although she acts well , and vigorously too , as much of the scenario provides comedic lunacy ; morgan wallace is particularly engaging as a dempster suitor .
the film is well-edited , and the special effects by edward scholl are creative , to say the least ; however , griffith 's penchant for adding numerous story lines to his cinematic landscape causes more than a bit of weariness in the viewer as the work pitches constantly among romantic , mystery and comedy themes ; as to be expected , the small moments of detail when the talented players are given rein are generally the most satisfying .

1
i like this adaptation of shakespeare 's play , mostly for the performances by two of germany 's greatest screen actors , emil jannings as othello and werner krauss as iago .
there are many alterations to the original text in addition to the expected truncation .
director dimitri achieves a good pacing out of it .
lotte eisner ( author of `` the haunted screen `` ) says the language is naã¯ve , but i do n't consider that very important in a silent film .
there are plenty of better ways to get that if one wants .
for a silent film especially , visually adapting the play is essential .
visually , the film has survived well over the years .
the photography is crisp .
the sets look nice , as well .
they 're studio built , which is a convenience in controlling lighting , but they 're not exceptional , nor used very effectively .
one of the moments is when the sets are blacked out during the dramatic dã©nouement .
jannings and krauss , who both came from the stage , compensate for many of the shortcomings , though .
in moor makeup , jannings again demonstrates his versatility , and he gives a strong performance .
but , i think krauss steals the show ; he is thoroughly dastardly , with tights and occasional dance-like movements , and his character directs the plot throughout .
this film was worthwhile for me because of those two performances .

1
this is a finely pared down version of the shakespearean original at less than half its length .
the meat of the story is conveyed and jannings is superb as the moor .
one should see it for his performance alone .
others in the cast do well but are almost uniformly ugly or funny looking .
kraus ' iago is a fat , oily villain and both the and the cassio are of rather stupid visage .
the sets are good and the directorial pace is rhythmic .
the film however belongs to jannings and rightly so .

1
`` pay day `` was charlie chaplin 's last short film , and a funny one at that .
he plays a bricklayer who comes to work late one day and proceeds to work inefficiently , incurring the wrath of his monstrous foreman ( mack swain ) .
after the foreman the bricklayer , he incorrectly adds up his overtime , and the foreman believes that he has been overpaid .
so , the bricklayer and his friends go to a bar and get drunk .
after the bricklayer misses every streetcar , he arrives home at 5 am , finding that his wife is not one bit happy about it .
as always , chaplin knew how to make a great movie .

1
altogether amazing little short with the comic at his best as a brick layer who is late on the job and presents a flower to his monstrous boss ( mack swain ) .
swain looks so much like billy gilbert that i thought that 's who it was at first .
swain orders him immediately to work and the fun starts .
a particularly amusing lunch hour sequence is full of sight gags requiring perfect timing .
charlie gets paid , then has to deal with an overbearing wife who sleeps with a rolling pin in her arms , ready to pounce on him when he does n't come home from work on time .
instead , he 's at the local pub having a night out with the other workers .
the pub sequence leads to other amusing sight gags as he and a fellow worker struggle to get out of the rain and onto a streetcar .
no wonder chaplin considers this one his favorite silent short .
again , edna purviance has little to do but it hardly matters .
it 's chaplin 's limelight and that 's all audiences wanted .
all of the stunts are exhibited in perfect timing and are the mark of genius .

1
charlie chaplin 's short film `` pay day `` is obviously a silent film , so it has to rely completely on slapstick for it 's comedy .
there are a few written words , but those are n't overly amusing .
the sight gags are simple , but amusing and well executed , and despite a lack of plot after the beginning , this is still a decent and amusing way to spend 30 minutes .
a worker ( charlie chaplin ) is excited for his pay day .
but first he has to go through one more day of work , with the angry foreman .
and as angry as the foreman is , he 's no where near as angry as the worker 's wife .
she takes all of the her husband 's money from work , and he has to sneak some to go out for the night .
so the worker goes out on the town for a night and goes through several gags that end with his wife figuring out he took some of his money back .
charlie plays a goofy character here .
he 's amusing , and over the top and silly .
all this short is , is charlie going through several different scenes and making mistakes .
it 's hard to review this , as it really did n't have much content , but it was thoroughly amusing .
one thing that was strange about it was how mean this guy 's wife is .
she 's obviously the antagonist and the set-up for the entire second half of the film , but geez , she takes all of her husbands money each week , and she does n't let him keep anything to eat with .
he really should 've divorced that woman .
some scenes that are particularly well done are a trolley scene , and the scene .
the scene at the beginning is a very well directed cause and effect scene where the work elevator goes up and down , causing people 's food to be eaten on a different floor , and lots of mischief .
the trolley scene features charlie trying to get a ride , but the overcrowded car is hard to get in to .
it 's a very well done scene and it 's a really great scene for slapstick comedy , and seems to be inspiration for future film scenes .
this chaplin short did n't set the world on fire .
it 's an amusing little short with a lot of gags .
it 's a fun watch , but that 's about it .
my rating : *** out of **** .
30 mins .

1
i just saw phantom ( f.w . murnau : 1922 ) for the first time .
it just came out on dvd ( from flicker alley ) .
the transfer is really good and the music is beautiful .
i was a bit disappointed that the inter titles are in english and tinted green but other than that , i have no complaints .
the film was good .
it is extremely well told with some unbelievable scenes .
it is really worth buying the dvd just for those scenes .
i had how ever problems with the story ( i just could not believe that an honest man like that would loose his head so easily ) .
i also thought that alfred abel was to old for the part , even though he was good in the role .
this is not one of murnau 's best films but it is one of his best visually told films .
i give it 7/10 .

1
in germany , the honest city clerk and aspirant poet lorenz lubota ( alfred abel ) lives a poor but decent life with his mother ( frieda richard ) , his ambitious sister melanie ( aud egede nissen ) and his younger brother hugo lubota ( h.h . v. twardowski ) .
lorenz shows his poems to the father of his sweetheart marie starke ( lil dagover ) , who is the local bookbinder , and the man wrongly believes that lorenz is a promising poet .
the bookbinder promises to show his poems to a prominent professor for evaluation , but the man concludes that they are worthless .
meanwhile melanie leaves her home to become a prostitute in a cabaret .
when the distracted lorenz is going to work , a woman named veronika harlan ( de putti ) that is driving a horse-drawn chariot runs over him and he follows veronika and immediately has a crush on her .
lorenz pays a visit to his wealthy and wary aunt and pawnbroker ( grete berger ) to borrow some money to buy an appropriate suit since he believes that he will become a successful writer and make lots of money with the royalties of his poems .
however he is followed by a swindler ( anton ) that dates and they spend the borrowed money in a cabaret where lorenz meets melanie .
the swindler stays with melanie and convinces lorenz to borrow a large amount from .
the naive lorenz gives part of the money to the swindler and uses the rest to buy clothes to veronika to seduce her .
when discovers that lorenz is a liar and his poems will not be published , she gives a three days schedule for him to pay his debts ; otherwise she will call the police .
but the swindler suggests a scheme to lorenz .
`` phantom `` is a moralist tale of corruption of human character and redemption by f.w . murnau .
the story is divided in six acts and has flaws and lack of explanation for many situations , but since the film was reconstructed and restored in 2003 by the of berlin , parts of the original work might be missing .
the dramatic plot has many parallel stories entwined through the lead character lorenz .
i saw this film in a brazilian dvd with a nice soundtrack and in accordance with the wikipedia , the first screening of `` phantom `` in brazil was on 30 october 2008 , on the anniversary of f.w . murnau .
my vote is seven .
title ( brazil ) : `` fantasma `` ( `` phantom `` )

1
minor murnau , but pretty good .
he made this one right after nosferatu .
alfred abel ( of metropolis ) stars as a man who lives along with his sister ( aud egede nissen ) with their mother ( frida richard ) .
abel falls for beautiful rich girl de putti , and then later with a gold digger who looks exactly like her ( also played by de putti ) .
a bookstore owner convinces abel that he is a great poet , and he borrows a bunch of money from his rich aunt , who thinks he 'll soon be rich , to impress de putti and help out his sister 's criminal boyfriend .
the story and acting are pretty good .
the cinematic experiments are not as daring as they are in nosferatu , but there are several impressive special effects peppered throughout the picture .

1
that f.w . murnau 's long gone `` phantom `` was `` reconstructed and restored in 2003 `` from a print held in berlin 's is a cause for celebration - this , along with the more recent announcement of 75 `` lost `` films turning up in a new zealand archive , suggests `` lost `` works will continue to trickle out of archives and attics for the foreseeable future .
the reconstructed `` phantom `` is very well done ; it 's obvious they were working from a very satisfying print of the film , as there is little of the deterioration you expect in these old films .
they 've avoided temptation to enhance the coloring , and tinted the nicely preserved original film in original hues , inserted new intertitles , and added an appropriate robert israel score .
our story begins in then `` present `` day germany , with protagonist alfred abel ( as lorenz lubota ) and lil dagover ( as marie starke ) living in a `` happily ever after `` home ( which dampens much of the coming tension ) .
wife dagover lovingly urges mr. abel to write the story of his former life .
the couple hopes this will help ease ex-convict abel 's painful memories .
then , we have the flashback ... and , the problems begin ... some time ago , abel is a respected , but lowly city clerk .
he lives with old mother frida richard , whorish sister aud egede nissen ( as melanie ) , and dour brother hans heinrich von twardowski ( as hugo ) .
the introduction of the `` little brother `` points out another of the film 's structural flaws .
you expect , since we have a big , obvious `` flashback `` that the younger man is the younger `` lorenz `` - but , this revealed not to be the case when abel is called to the breakfast table , looking older than he did before the flashback .
an unaccredited co-writer , mr. twardowski is not on screen much of the time ; but , he seems capable , and it might have been a better idea to have him play the main role .
or , they could have dispensed with the opening and have abel play `` lorenz `` as a middle-aged , angst-ridden character .
which , he may be ... as it turns out , abel gets hit by a coach pulled by pretty white horses .
suffering little physical harm , he becomes infatuated with the inhabitant of the carriage , lovely de putti ( as veronika harlan ) .
an aspiring poet , abel becomes involved in a scheme based on his verse becoming successfully published .
alas , abel 's poems turn out to be worthless , and he ends up in jail ( as revealed in the opening sequence ) .
admittedly , there is some disappointment in `` phantom `` .
this is my fifth murnau film , and the first one i rate less than `` 9 `` on the imdb scale .
still , it 's an excellent piece , and worth the running time .
******* phantom ( ) f.w . murnau ~ alfred abel , lil dagover , frida richard , hans heinrich von twardowski

1
enjoyed this silent film from 1922 with great german directors and plenty of talented people .
this story starts out with a family consisting of two brothers , sister and a mother who are not very well off and the sister hates her life and gets in a fight with her mother and she turns to the streets and the fast lane in life .
lorenz lubota , ( alfred abel ) is one of the brothers who loves to read books and is also a poet and works as a clerk for the city .
one day lorenz was walking in the street and a blonde girl is driving a chariot and runs him down , the girl checks to see that he is okay but lorenz immediately falls in love with this girl .
after this event in lorenz 's life he completely goes crazy and his life changes for the worst and he gets involved with money that does not belong to him .
grete berger gives a great supporting role as a pawnbroker , .
enjoy

1
in the wake of the new sherlock holmes movie starring robert downey jr. ( which i have yet to see ) , turner classic movies has been gracious enough to give us screenings of earlier film tales of the iconic detective whom originated from the creative mind of sir arthur conan doyle .
now we all think of basil rathbone when we think of sherlock holmes , but unbeknownst to many , there was an earlier adaptation of the story ( actually , i think a few ) starring john barrymore as holmes and gustav von seyffertitz as professor moriarty .
the film was titled simply `` sherlock holmes `` and was thought to have become one of many silent films now lost to us forever .
thankfully , the movie was found and restored with assistance from director albert parker and is now available for public viewing again .
this `` sherlock holmes `` is not a classic ; it 's not one of the pictures that people will talk about or remember five years after they 've seen it for the first time .
i neither will have it lingering in my memory for terribly long , but i am very glad i saw the picture .
because although its story structure is a little flimsy , and although it feels as though some parts of the story are still missing , and although the ending was below my expectations , i did enjoy the show .
john barrymore makes a very good sherlock holmes and gustav von seyffertitz is wonderful as moriarty and these two appropriately have the most impact during their scenes especially with some surprisingly clever intertitle dialogue .
however , i 'm afraid , dr. watson ( roland young ) and holmes ' love interest ( carol dempster ) are very flat and two-dimensional in this story and neither of them seem to have any real connection to holmes or to moriarty .
i think if the filmmakers had strengthened the connection between the two lead characters and the supporting roles and patched up that ending , we would have had a better film .
this `` sherlock holmes `` is not a classic nor memorable , but i did enjoy it and i make no regrets in the fact that i took the time to see it .

1
as he is erecting a new treasury building in ancient egypt , iron-fisted pharaoh emil jannings ( as amenes ) receives an offer of a pact with wild-haired rival paul wegener ( as ) .
the ethiopian king brings along his desirable light-skinned daughter to offer as a wife for mr. jannings .
instead , jannings is smitten with demure greek slave girl dagny servaes ( as theonis ) , who has escaped from mr. wegener and his jealous daughter lyda ( as ) .
later , jannings catches ms. servaes smooching with stout harry liedtke ( as ramphis ) , the treasury building worker who snatched her off the shores of the river nile ... jannings is so madly in love with servaes , he spares mr. liedtke a death sentence in order to win servaes ' hand .
you can safely predict liedtke seeks out his lost lover .
meanwhile , wegener is miffed at jannings for rejecting his daughter and understandably irate when he discovers their missing greek slave girl has taken her place in the palace .
you can safely predict this means war ... this silent epic led ernst lubitsch 's entry into hollywood , where his films , particularly those with pola negri , were wildly popular .
the director had a stunningly successful career .
partly preserved silent films by renowned directors are often declared lost masterpieces .
like many , this film does not live up to those lofty description , but it is still an excellent spectacle .
it 's also incredibly restored .
there are reportedly only about ten minutes missing , with stills and title cards filling in the blanks .
the bulk of the film appears to have been digitally restored to pristine condition , by thomas and his crew .
art/set direction is outstanding .
******* das des pharao ( ) ernst lubitsch ~ emil jannings , dagny servaes , harry liedtke , paul wegener

1
the fabulous restoration of this film alone makes it worth viewing .
the pictures are glossy and luscious as to be almost magical .
it makes you realize that even though the movies were still silent in the 1920 's , the quality of the film was first rate .
also extremely noteworthy of the version recently shown on tcm is the spectacular orchestral score , really one of the best .
try to actively listen to the music if you can from time to time - especially in the late battle scenes , it is worthy of wagner .
the sets are over the top , and the cast begins as a cast of dozens , then scores , then hundreds , and then literally thousands as the climactic battle scenes are reached .
the germans really outdid themselves here , easily matching the hollywood spectacles of the same era .
with great skill , director ernst was able to interweave outlandish spectacle with a lot of close-up tragedy , perhaps having learned this technique from watching d.w. griffith fliks .
unfortunately , the exaggerated emotive acting is a little painful to watch at times .
this is the kind of over-acting histrionics that would be mocked by some for many years after the advent of sound .
the plot occasionally borders a bit on the unbelievable as well .
i think the silliest thing was when , early in the film , the pharaoh is about to sign a peace treaty with the ethiopians , when suddenly he is informed that someone is `` approaching `` the treasury !
in great shock , the king abandons the ceremony to deal with this incredible event personally !
this would be like president roosevelt walking out on the yalta conference in order to deal with a dog that had in lafayette park across the street from the white house .
silly indeed .
the actor playing the hero `` `` may also have the ugliest haircut in the history of serious film .
but these are minor distractions .
`` the loves of pharaoh `` is art , and it is movie history , and the glorious restoration makes it well worth viewing .

1
many silent film directors evolved during their careers and experimented with different styles , looking for the one that best expressed their artistic vision ( evolution however does not apply to aristocrats whose species have remained the same throughout the centuries ) .
during herr jean epstein 's silent period , this herr graf can appreciate three different stages , although there is no vast difference between them in terms of what herr epstein was trying to accomplish .
initially his work is permeated by naturalism and conventional film narrative ; later his films become more experimental and avant-garde followed by a more realistic and documentary like style .
accordingly , `` la belle nivernaise `` ( 1924 ) belongs to herr epstein 's early more conventional period , though it is conventional only in epstein terms , natã¼rlich !
, it is a beautiful and lyrical work .
it tells the story of herr victor ( herr maurice ) an abandoned child who is found wandering in the city by herr ( herr pierre hot ) , who works as a .
he decides to raise the boy but has a child of his own , frau clara ( frau blanche montel ) and a grumpy wife ( frau madame lacroix ) .
as time passes , both youngsters will fall in love with each other .
the process of the love affair is beautifully filmed , and is depicted in many soulful close-ups and varied elegant techniques that bring the film to a high artistic level .
the social realism ( life on the barge ) is intertwined with echoes of social injustice to add to the drama ( victor 's real father appears and he is separated from clara ) .
la belle nivernaise `` is a good example of a great director in the making as he develops the technique best suited for what he is trying to convey .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must require a special permit in order to travel by barge on the rhine to meet one of his rich old heiresses .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com

1
when life magazine ran james agee 's comprehensive essay on silent film comedy in 1949 , the piece almost single-handedly revived interest in the era 's comedians .
this was especially the case with the four men agee placed at the top of the silent comedy pantheon : chaplin , keaton , lloyd and langdon .
the article was the issue 's cover story , and yet when it was time for the editors to choose a cover photo they selected a portrait of a second-tier comic agee mentioned only in passing , a low-comedy buffoon who , even in his heyday , was never mistaken for an artiste : ben turpin .
an enormous ( and rather scary ) close-up of the cross-eyed mr. turpin decorated newsstands and parlor tables for a week in september of ' 49 , nine years after his death and some twenty years after his last starring appearance in a silent comedy .
maybe he was n't one of the giants , but apparently the editors felt that ben 's face represented the spirit of the era better than any of his more gifted contemporaries .
indeed , almost from the moment talkies came in , ben had been regarded as a kind of instant nostalgia figure , frequently popping up in cameos where he was required to do little more than display his unmistakable mug and supply a touch of that old time comedy mojo .
as a lifelong chaplin fan i developed something of a grudge against ben turpin at an early age , when i first learned about their relationship .
when chaplin arrived at essanay in 1915 he teamed up with turpin in a couple of short comedies , but the two men did n't get along .
apparently ben could n't deal with chaplin 's perfectionism , and did n't understand why he demanded take after take of every scene .
i considered this proof that turpin was a hack comic who did n't care about results , and when i watched his films occasionally i never found him especially funny ; he was just an odd little geezer who would get thrust into unlikely situations , sometimes dressed up as valentino or erich von stroheim .
wit seemed to be in short supply in turpin 's movies , and as a performer he was usually the butt of the jokes , rarely the source of comedy himself .
recently however , when i read simon 's biography of mack sennett , i wondered if i 'd misjudged ben turpin .
paints him sympathetically , as a good-hearted guy deeply concerned with the care of his invalid wife .
he emphasized that turpin was hugely popular with audiences of the early '20s , and that his films served as the sennett studio 's bread-and-butter product during a difficult time .
for what it 's worth , turpin was also smarter than he looked , and was one of the few sennett alumni to invest his money wisely ; he left a healthy estate , unlike most of his colleagues -- including mack sennett himself .
when i sat down to watch a turpin short recently i did so with an attempt at a fresh perspective .
as it happens , the daredevil is an amusing , enjoyable satire that offers a special bonus for silent film buffs : this is a movie entirely concerned with movie-making , and as such it provides a lot of cute inside jokes and interesting shots of the sennett studio back-lot .
ben plays a fellow named joe magee who is signed to a movie contract by crazed director harry gribbon , who is impressed by joe 's public demonstration of bronco busting .
what harry does n't know is that joe clung to his saddle so well because -- due to a series of unlikely circumstances -- he was stuck to it with hot tar .
but no matter , joe magee is in the movies now !
he 's quickly assigned to a yukon picture where he must sport an absurd , furry hat , while the leading lady in this supposedly rough setting wears a silk dress more suitable to a manhattan night club .
( that 's as subtle as the satire gets .
) true to form , our hero clashes with his co-stars , ruins takes , and gets chased around the studio .
in the most well-known sequence , one that 's been excerpted in at least two silent comedy compilations , turpin is tied to a post while water steadily fills the room where he 's held captive ; at this point , however , word arrives that a building downtown is on fire , so the director and his entire crew hoist the cameras and race to the scene to capture the real-life action ( something the sennett crew would actually do , on occasion ) leaving ben forgotten , tied in place to drown .
eventually , ben makes his way to the burning building where he performs a feat of genuine if inadvertent heroism , rescues the leading lady , and manages to get even with the director -- again , accidentally .
this is a fun comedy , but it did n't radically alter my opinion of ben turpin as a comedian .
as usual , he is more bystander than hero ( witness the near-drowning bit ) , funny because of his appearance and the situation he 's in rather than any inherent skill he possessed as a performer .
the guy could take a fall , that 's for sure , but we never get a hint of the specialized physical comedy we get from chaplin , keaton , or langdon , those idiosyncratic moves only they could make , nor do we ever discern any harold , basic likability .
ben turpin was a funny-looking guy who was put in funny situations , period .
when the material is engaging , as it generally is in the daredevil , turpin is amusing , but even here he 's little more than that familiar , odd little geezer with the crossed eyes .
unsung sennett stalwart harry gribbon , who plays ben 's director , is the real star of this film : his manic energy drives the action more than turpin 's strange passivity .
in his wild-eyed determination to capture scene after ridiculous scene on celluloid , gribbon serves as a stand-in for mack sennett and gives us a more vivid symbol of silent comedy 's spirit than the film 's nominal star .
maybe it 's harry gribbon who should have been on the cover of life !

1
unlike the other `` our gang/little rascals `` shorts i just reviewed , i watched this one , giants vs. yanks , on an old goodtimes vhs cassette called `` our gang comedy festival ii `` from 1989 that i watched previously when i bought it from new orleans in 1995 .
the print had alternate beginning credits from another distributor that renamed the series `` those lovable with their gangs `` .
as the title implies there is a baseball game in the short but that ends a little too soon as the gang then goes to the home of a wealthy couple that 's been taking care of jackie 's little sister .
meanwhile , a doctor there has examined the couple 's own baby and , finding out she has a contagious fever , quarantines the house for a week .
that 's enough time for the kids to wreck havoc all over the house to the couple 's long-lasting consternation .
eventually , the doctor reverses his prognosis and the angry parents arrive to take their kids home ... while there 's plenty of amusing gags like a baby carriage being pulled by a horse , kids breaking glass and vases ( with the appropriate sound effects ) , and a goat running on a treadmill that pulls the bike that turns the clothes dryer around , there 's also a bit much repetition in the house wrecking sequence of the parents ' horrified reactions .
still , i was mostly amused by the shenanigans .
some scenes might make you cringe like farina crying after being knocked down by a large pillow and the whole jackknife bit with the toddler and sunshine sammy but otherwise it 's all in good fun .
by the way , instead of the leroy shield score that 's standard for many of the `` little rascals `` talkies , what you hear is the stock music that is used for many other silent comedies that are in the public domain .
so , in summary , giant vs. yanks does n't live up to its title but is pretty funny nonetheless .
p.s . sunshine sammy 's father , ernie morrison , sr. appears here .

1
fyodor dostoyevsky 's classic novel `` crime and `` ( actually , the on-screen title here ) has been filmed some 28 times over the years , but this is only the second adaptation i have watched after josef von sternberg 's fine 1935 version ( which i had checked out in 2009 in order to commemorate the anniversary of star peter lorre 's birth ) ... and , in fact , this viewing is part of my ongoing sternberg retrospective as i have opted to include a trio of titles ( one of them yet another `` crime and punishment `` rendition !
) that were based on source material he would tackle himself .
being helmed by the director of that textbook film classic of german expressionist technique the cabinet of dr. caligari ( 1920 ) , this is very much in the same ( remarkable and stimulating ) vein of painted sets and distorted perspective .
for the record , i am also familiar with wiene 's work via the hands of orlac ( 1924 ) -- another perennial whose u.s. remake would also feature peter lorre !
-- and the surviving condensed version of genuine : the tale of a vampire ( 1920 ) .
incidentally , i had always been intrigued by a solitary still from raskolnikov in a movie-related ( called , appropriately enough , `` the movie `` !
) british periodical from the early 1980s , but was more or less resigned to never being able to catch the real thing -- even if a long time afterwards , i am certainly happy now to have been proved wrong in this regard !
to begin with , the credits for this one are fairly hyperbolic : not only is the fact that the cast emanates from `` the moscow arts theater `` mentioned twice ( in hindsight , the protagonist registers as a satisfactorily brooding presence ) , but there is even a quite unique recommendation by the national board of review stating that the feature presentation is `` an exceptional film `` !
as was the case with the sternberg picture , the most notable acting is done by the student assassin protagonist ( the titular figure ) and the police official who hounds him ( his suspicion borne from a passage in the former 's own graduation thesis -- where he opines that an extraordinary person has the right to commit a crime and not be punished for it , especially if this would ultimately benefit mankind !
) .
again , too , raskolnikov 's confession occurs mainly due to the insistent pleas of the girl he loves ( daughter of a whose constant squandering has driven her to prostitution and his wife , gradually , off-the-wall !
) -- in this case , however , it is somewhat overstated as the hero attains what is best described as `` religious mania `` ( though , interestingly enough , the same ` affliction ' is attributed to the painter initially accused of the deed and who eventually takes his own life ) !
the double slaying ( of a vile female pawnbroker -- shown in hallucinations towering over a multitude of despairing clients -- and her sister who just happens upon the scene ) itself is rather skimped , despite the fact that wiene takes care beforehand to have raskolnikov sew an extra pocket inside his jacket where he can hide the murder weapon ( an axe ) and even shows him first stealing and , subsequently , restoring it !
at any rate , typically for a silent of this vintage and style , the film is ( by the way , the comprehensive does occasionally obscure the detail from an already faded and battered print !
) -- but , for various reasons , remains full of interest throughout its 87-minute duration ( for what it is worth , this is essentially the same as sternberg 's version , whereas others would take the two-part or even tv mini-series route !
) .

1
this was another biblical epic from the silent era which i had long wanted to check out ; even so , i had owned the dvd ( accompanying the more popular 1956 version of the same events , from the same showman director no less , and which has received countless viewings from yours truly ) for some time before i finally got to it .
as with the later noah 's ark ( 1928 ) , virtually watched simultaneously , it seems that film-makers of the time were unsure of the appeal of such religious epics , so that they had to present them within the context of a modern story ; still , de mille 's the king of kings ( a milestone in itself for being the first and , for a time , only picture to show jesus ' face ) preceded that michael curtiz work by a year and it was set exclusively in the time of christ .
in this case , only the first 50 minutes or so are dedicated to the familiar tale involving moses ( needless to say , the dull theodore roberts is no match for the stoic charlton heston in the remake ) : the exodus , the parting of the red sea , the writing of the tablets and the golden calf ; these are clearly heavily streamlined in comparison with the almost 4-hour long 1956 the ten commandments and , in spite of their obvious care , gargantuan scale and excellent special effects , can feel unsatisfying in that respect ... especially when the parallel story is so hokey , unnecessarily inflated and , at the end of the day , somewhat ordinary !
the latter sees a bible-thumping matriarch ( which she proudly holds even when posing for a portrait ) , her two sons and the girl who comes between them : one of the boys ( played by richard dix ) is righteous -- and , as his mother claims , engaged in a skill ( carpentry ) which has produced some notable exponents ( alluding naturally to christ himself ) -- while the other mocks religion and vows to become somebody by his own merits .
eventually , we find him as a top contractor and , perhaps to make amends , takes it upon himself to build a church ; however , to cut costs , he reduces the amount of cement required to make the concrete , with the result that the walls are weak and liable to collapse at any time ( coincidentally , the very previous day i watched a film in which a character had faced a similar dilemma -- give us this day aka christ in concrete -lsb- 1949 -rsb- ) : this ruse is discovered by dix , appointed `` `` on the project , and he confronts his brother ... but , before anything can be done about it , the whole edifice falls on top of the mother who picks just that moment to visit the premises !
the sibling even forsakes his wife ( the destitute girl they had taken in and whom dix relinquished on his account ) for an asian temptress , whom he eventually kills ( the only commandment , according to his spouse , not yet broken by him ) ; in the end , the boy gets his come-uppance and dix can reclaim his lady .
while the two sections may seem to jell better than those in noah 's ark , the overall achievement is a lesser one -- and not just to it , but the king of kings ( by the way , christ makes a ` cameo ' appearance here towards the end !
) and , most importantly , the later version ... if still quite worthwhile in itself .

1
raised by wolves , rin-tin-tin comes into contact with people in the ill-defined far north of canada .
will he submit to his training and go frolic with , or become the loyal servant of man , help catch the baddies and make the warner brothers a truckload of money ?
in a town where they 've always known that if truth and legend conflict , you print the legend , rin-tin-tin is an interesting movie star .
there had been other dog stars , like jean the vitagraph dog , or keystone 's teddy , who starred in teddy at the throttle , but rinty was huge , leading to sandow the dog , rin-tin-tin jr. , lassie and dozens of others , an entire industry of animal stars ... or was it his publicity , in the wild era of 1920s ballyhoo ?
would warner brothers have gone under except for the profit of his movies ?
would we have lost the madness surrounding al jolson 's performance in the jazz singer ?
would the entire face of popular culture be enormously different , or were the olson twins predestined ?
weighty issues to discuss at 3am in the dorm room when you do n't want to cram for an exam , but it 's just a movie , folks .
it 's a moderately well-made movie , which is hardly surprising , given that chester franklin , directed and lewis milestone -- yes , that lewis milestone -- edited .
also , in this rather production , rinty is clearly the best actor .
you can read his emotions , while the humans maintain expressions of guarded wariness .
and the story is moderately interesting .
i really do n't know .
i liked it .
maybe you will too .
worth a try if it comes your way .

1
you could n't wish more out of a soviet movie from the twenties .
it 's got a pretty great deal of propaganda , not so obtrusive as you might imagine in spite of the that appears somewhere towards the end .
this movie is no potemkin , and this should be noted at the start ; and it 's no metropolis though it shares some common features with the latter , especially the costume design .
the screenplay is based on a novel by a russian novelist alexei tolstoi , called aelita that appeared a year before the release of the movie .
i have n't read that book but i can hardly think that it was as incoherent as the movie .
from what i read on wikipedia concerning the book it seems to revolve around a trip to mars made by a russian scientist who `` exports `` the soviet revolution , a prevalent theme of bolshevism .
the movie focuses on a more melodramatic angle , with the scientist playing the role of the cuckolded husband who gets sick and tired of his wife 's ' philandering and decides to kill her .
he does so , but it eventually turns out that that was a dream ( it is not clear when the dream begins ) and the whole sequence with the martian soviet republic is included in the dream .
if i were to analyze the movie rigorously , it seems quite obvious that it has some major goofs that not only affect it as a movie but as a propaganda vehicle as well , given that the sequence with the revolution is a dream , and as it turns out , a very bad dream because at the end the scientist is reunited with his wife whom he did n't kill .
major flaw for plot and propaganda reasons as well .
but , as other reviewers also pointed out it is not the plot that makes the movie worth seeing but the constructivist design that may have not inspired metropolis but it 's still worth noticing for its own sake .
the society on mars is organized as a capitalist one , in the style of lang 's movie , with the workers inhabiting the underground .
i do n't know of any earlier russian sci-fi , so this is as good as it gets .
highly recommended for movie-buffs interested in sci-fi and/or soviet movie making .

1
aelita is a science fiction film that features the first space travel by earthlings : destination mars .
i recommend it highly for film history buffs and aficionados of the science fiction genre that are also interested in fashion and design .
it is hard to believe that impoverished and ravaged russia still in the midst of the horrible revolution that was to destroy the country economically for decades and that certainly tried its best to pulverize most of its traditional culture , could produce something so visually advanced as this film .
a lot of the footage will remind you of rodchenko photographs , or the russian posters of the time , which were works of art done by the avant-guard artists in an explosion of creativity before stalin 's arrival sent them all underground , to exile or the gulag .
los , an engineer of talent and determination , thinks that the radio signal beamed all over the earth is a definite message from mars .
he frantically begins to work on a space craft that will ultimately take him to mars , while ruining his personal life in the process ( not much change there in career challenging relationships since then and now ) .
meanwhile mars ' queen , aelita , ( yuliya ) has discovered that some of her scientists have created a telescope device that can watch the detailed life on planet earth .
she sneaks a peak through the telescope device and of course , concentrates on the first appealing sign of earthy interest , engineer los , who has a look come to think of it , looks a lot like vladimir putin .
she immediately falls in love with him and finds it hard to concentrate during her martian day while constantly thinking about that man on earth ... in mars they are all perfectly dressed in elaborate costumes that include a helmet - device for the slaves and delicate transparent plastic layers , headdresses and arm decorations for the upper class , in a very look which must have influenced the bold designs of paco in metal and plastics a full forty years later .
these outfits are quite extraordinary for being the first in this genre and are much more detailed and visually interesting than the ones in metropolis , where only the robot is really fashioned in futuristic style .
aelita looks gorgeous , beautifully dressed and wears a striking headdress that is most becoming , though a little cumbersome when she begs him to `` unite our lips , like they do on earth `` for the first red-hot kiss on mars .
she looks striking trailing her gown in the gorgeous constructivist set , that is surely a modernist 's dream of decor .
alexandra , one of the women artists in the russian avant guard is credited with the designs , she had considerable experience in theater sets , and it shows here .
los impulsively sides with queen aelita 's struggle to overthrow the regime of exploitation , finding nothing wrong in the ` revolution ' being conducted by an imperious queen in her regalia , proving once again that love is blind , even in interplanetary relationships .
this was however a difficult film to watch , and that is why i gave the seven stars rating , because not unlike other great russian films , the length and timing are just so much more extended that we are used to in the west .
you may find yourself fast-forwarding the slower scenes in soviet russia that look particularly dim by comparison to mars .
there is also an episode , almost surreal in the way it interjects into the russian reality plot , where a worker breaks his chains and fashions the hammer and sickle symbol .
the man 's naked torso with the chains is the first we see of this allegorical vision , he looks like one of the medieval heroes from `` alexander nevsky `` , but shirtless , showing off the primal muscle splendor of slavic manhood , an unexpected delight that may well be the first unintentional homo erotic intervention in official communist propaganda .

1
martian society mirrors the one that the bolshevik revolution was supposed to replace .
aelita is the nominal queen of mars , but it is really ruled by a council of elders , who enslave the martian workers underground ( as in metropolis ) .
a russian engineer builds a space craft , flies to mars and inspires a revolution with the help of a soviet soldier .
interesting and famous as early science fiction .
the martian sets and costumes are in the best russian constructivist style of the time .

1
having seen so many early movies pushing the communist agenda , i have tired a bit .
to be fair , it was certainly creative of the filmmaker to use the science fiction genre and space travel to make a point .
the characters represent either the old ways or the new .
there is a comfort in being the ruling class and prospering on the backs of the disenfranchised .
the martians are dealing with the same thing .
they seem to have devices to watch the earth and keep what is going on a secret .
until love forces things out in the open .
the images are interesting curiosities of the time .
i had never heard of this film and when i saw the title i thought it was one of those schlock films of the fifties .
it is interesting , though slow moving .
i was amazed when the wife got shot but , of course , we find out later that things are n't quite as they appear .
see it just to get an idea of the type of film being made .

1
yakov by yakov protazanov , who led an interesting life , when interesting lives meant death .
protazanov directed many films from 1911 through 1918 , and was acclaimed by many as a genius .
some background in soviet history helps set the scene for `` aelita . ``
it was in a series of revolts in 1917 that the tsars were overthrown and replaced by a provisional government .
the tsarist army had suffered setbacks and losses in world war i , and it was not capable of supporting the tsar .
the tsar was deposed in february of 1917 .
( or march .
the tsars used the gregorian calendar , and the soviets used the julian calendar .
) the october revolution is usually dated to have occurred on october 25 , 1917 , a date you will see emblazoned in fire during the screening of `` aelita . ``
the october revolution overthrew the russian provisional government which was set in place following the february revolution .
( the western world may know the october revolution as the bolshevik revolution .
) during the years from about 1918 through 1922 , there was continual combat in the country as the white russian army fought the bolsheviks for power and control of the country .
this is referred to as the russian civil war , and it led to the formation of the soviet union .
it was during the period of the russian civil war that protazanov was exiled or , depending on who tells the tale , in europe .
he was persuaded to return to the new union of soviet socialist republics in 1923 , and he directed `` aelita : queen of mars `` which is probably the first soviet movie and may be the first soviet science fiction film as well .
`` aelita `` is a propaganda film , as all good soviet films are .
however , it shows us life in the soviet union rather starkly , and it recounts life there as a struggle not only to survive but to be good communists as well .
i 'm somewhat surprised at the reality of life shown : abject poverty , horrible crowding and population dislocation , state control of who lives in your house ( even in what rooms ) , rationing , and the like .
i think part of the purpose of `` aelita `` is to warn state bureaucrats not to turn to corruption , as a corrupt official is shown being investigated for his crimes .
i would say the foundation of `` aelita `` is showing the daily lives of regular people after the russian civil war as they try to rebuild the country into the soviet union , as seen by lenin and the communist party .
one of the regular people is named los or loss , depending on the translation of , who is an engineer .
los daydreams of space travel , and his co-workers put up with him good-naturedly .
a radio broadcast is received throughout the world with a cryptic message , and los foolishly believes it 's a transmission from mars .
he fantasizes about building a rocket ship and going to mars , and he fantasizes what martians are like .
meanwhile , back on earth , his wife works at what is referred to as a check point , processing travelers who are going from nowhere to another nowhere on crowded trains at crowded stations .
a party bureaucrat is put into the home where los and his wife live .
the bureaucrat sweet talks mrs. los , and the engineer gets jealous .
his fantasies of mars include fantastic sets and fantastic costumes , with an attractive queen of mars who wears a fantasy top which seems to support three breasts .
in his fantasy , the queen can see earth and in fact sees him and is intrigued .
however , although she reigns , she does not rule , and she is ordered to stop spying on earth .
after many , many twists and turns of plot , our hero finally takes off from earth and lands on mars , where he leads a revolution .
one of the faults of `` aelita `` is its many subplots , and they take up a significant amount of time , leading to a movie that nears two hours in length .
the martian fantasies take up a very small portion of the movie , so i 'm not willing to call it truly a sci-fi movie , but the alien life is certainly a major plot point .
the thrust of `` aelita `` is that the soviet life-style is best on earth and off and that we should stop our daydreaming and get some real work done .
the martian segments are metaphorically about life under the tsars with literal throwing off of chains and escape from serfdom .
the propaganda is there , but it 's not heavy handed .
the movie is too long , too convoluted with subplots , but it remains interesting as a picture of life after the russian civil war .
nikolai is los , yuliya plays the queen of his dreams , and valentina plays natasha los , his wife in the all too real world of 1924 soviet union .
as an aside , although the movie took place over the course of a year , the city where the action occurred remained bitterly cold and snow-covered through out the movie .
the martian sets and costumes get some kidding today , so you may find it worthwhile to watch and compare to `` metropolis , `` `` buck rogers `` ( the buster crabbe version ) , and maybe `` the cabinet of dr. caligari . ``

1
this is a review of the kino dvd version of aelita .
the dvd is a mixed bag .
on one hand , there are absolutely no special features -- none .
i would have loved to have seen some old soviet propaganda shorts or a cartoon or something !
on the other hand , the print is absolutely fabulous -- pristine , though the film does run a bit .
in other words , silent films ran from 16 to 22 frames per second -- well under the sound standard of 24 fps .
so , silent films need to have their speed compensated for a bit or the movie runs too fast .
however , kino appeared to compensate a bit too much -- making the film run at a slightly sluggish pace .
apparently this is one of the earliest sci-fi films -- debuting three years before metropolis but 21 years after georges mã©liã¨s ' voyage to the moon ( and very little , if any , in between ) .
as far as the sci-fi aspects of the film , they are pretty exciting to watch .
the bizarre costumes for the martian segments are rather reminiscent of the german expressionist movement seen in such films as the cabinet of dr. caligari and metropolis , though in a more subdued manner .
this is because the film was made only a few years after the russian revolution and they were frankly too poor to afford the fancy sets and all the extras of more expensive german productions .
it shows , but was n't a major problem .
a serious difficulty with this film that has prevented it from being remembered like metropolis is that the film 's sci-fi elements really are secondary .
in other words , soviet propaganda is the reason for the film and this makes viewing a real chore for the average viewer , though historically hearing all the pro-communist rhetoric is interesting .
just be forewarned that its message is very heavy-handed and pervades the film .
the bulk of the film concerns soviet citizens living in a home that has been into flats by the state .
one couple consists of a good soviet who believes in the revolution .
he 's a scientist and is dedicating his life to building a rocket to take him to mars -- it seems the planet has been sending cryptic messages to earth and he wants to investigate .
the other couple consists of an evil profiteer and his wife .
while he has a job working for the state , he does it less out of a love for mother russia and more so he can pad his pockets .
this is a very , very obvious slam at the white russians and socialists who the communist government had just finished liquidating ( i.e . , killing ) in order to `` purify `` the nation and purge thinking .
unfortunately , these soviets occupy so much of the film that little time is allowed for the martians or the space flight .
this really hinders the film as it 's such obvious propaganda and very preachy as well .
as for mars , aelita is the queen of the planet , but she really has no power .
instead , a few jerks run the planet and enslave the masses .
it 's an obvious parallel to czarist russia -- no subtlety here .
in fact , when the humans do come to mars , they spend their time fomenting revolution -- turning the martian proletariat into good communists .
eventually , the revolution appears to triumph and they announce a martian soviet socialist republic ! !
there 's a lot more to it than this , but i wo n't say more because it would probably ruin the film .
so why , if the film is so flawed , do i still give the film a 7 ?
well , it is n't because of all the propaganda and 75 % of the film .
it 's because the other 25 % are so fascinating and innovative that it 's all very worthwhile .
a very interesting film from a historical point of view , but its continual pro-communist message is so unsubtle that it keeps the film from earning a higher score .
this is ironic considering that much of the same and message is also in metropolis but because it 's presented with some degree of subtlety , it 's an infinitely more satisfying film .
overall , from a political and historical point of view , it 's worth seeing .
but , for the average viewer out there , the film 's creaky structure and blatant messages probably make it too tough to watch and enjoy .
for the average viewer , it 's just not worth a look -- at least until you 've seen other silent films and have learned to appreciate the genre -- even the slower and less sophisticated films .

1
when i found this film , i was shocked at the date .
that 's because this little experimental film starring comedian eddie cantor was made in 1923 -- and yet it had sound !
this was four years before the jazz singer , plus the quality of the print and sound was superb .
so often , sound films made in the late 1920s had such major sound problems they are practically unwatchable .
now this is n't to say that this was a great film -- cantor 's act was pure corn ( i.e . , very old fashioned and not especially funny humor ) , though his songs were a lot better than his awful jokes .
the first song , believe it or not , is about the benefits of dating dumb girls !
it 's far from politically correct and pretty racy , but also pretty funny as is the final song on this short .
it 's watchable , but far from the quality of some of his later work , such as getting a ticket -- a very agreeable short from 1930 .
as far as recommending the film goes , the average person will probably find it dull , but to historians and film buffs , it 's an important must-see .

1
starting today and up to and maybe after i see les miserables , i 'm reviewing musical movies in nearly chronological order starting with this lee de forest short starring eddie cantor , a comedian and song-and-dance man who was a big star on broadway .
he sings a couple of songs of which the first - `` the dumber they are , the better i like them `` is self-explanatory !
he also tells many pretty funny jokes .
since this short is only seven minutes long , there 's really nothing more than that to describe but since this was one of the earliest sound films , whatever audiences that watched this must have been overwhelmed simply by the what was coming out of it !
so if you watch this thinking of that timeline , you should have no trouble enjoying a few moments with eddie cantor , star of kid boots .

1
the opening scenes , on a barge travelling a wide canal , are beautifully shot and redolent of the countryside ; a pastoral celebration of the earth perhaps ?
but no , young gudrun 's father ( inexplicably ) falls or jumps from the boat and drowns , leaving her defenseless against her no-account uncle , who -- rather startlingly for 1925 -- attempts to rape her and is beat off by a local , who nevertheless laughs with him as gudrun flees the boat and her old life .
an interlude with a group of bohemians seems promising , but after the young poacher in the family burns down a prosperous farmer 's haystack and then finds his own wagon destroyed in retaliation , gudrun is on the run again .
after a night in the open as a thunderstorm rages ( not really portrayed well ; i guess there was n't an adequate effects budget for it ) she is taken in by the family , whose son georges falls in love with her despite her shyness .
soon she is threatened again , though , as her brutal uncle returns from a long bender and having squandered his inheritance , attempts to steal from his niece , who frightened at the prospect of losing her new life becomes engaged in a series of lies .
we can predict how it turns out if we 've seen just a couple of silent melodramas ; as others have pointed out , this is reminiscent of griffith and his star lillian gish , though it is somewhat more down-to-earth , more softly poetic and with little blood and thunder .
the best moments are in the dream sequence where renoir engages in all manner of then-new camera tricks , super-impositions and slow-mo and .
it 's a nice bit of work and the film on the whole works because of its brevity and continuous focus on the heroine , with few asides or wasted time .
not the most impressive debut in the history of film , but far from the worst either .

1
i found the beginning of this harold lloyd vehicle a bit weak ( the first person to watch the tape , not a silent film regular , later told me he had given up after ten minutes , and i can understand why ) , and compared to later films it seems very heavy on the intertitles .
however , things perk up considerably with the entry into the story of the lovely and talented jobyna ralston and the transformation of a two-dimensional situational farce into a character-driven romantic comedy .
i particularly enjoyed the scenes in the publisher 's office , and of course all the scenes between harold and jobyna !
( there is also a very little sequence in the park , in which a passing encounter with a complete stranger turns out to provide the subsequent denouement to the lovers ' interview .
) given that a second , bigamous marriage would in any case have been invalid , though , i 'm not sure that harold needed to put quite so much effort into reaching the altar in time : whether the ceremony had been completed or not , the girl would still have been free to marry her real lover half an hour or so afterwards ... definitely better than `` safety last `` , although perhaps more uneven : danger stunts in themselves leave me fairly cold , but there is some enjoyable character work in this picture .

1
i have watched very few silent movies over the years , but was very pleasantly surprised by this one .
harold lloyd plays - as the title suggests - a shy tailor who is deathly afraid of girls ( to the point at which he stutters every time he talks to one - interestingly done in a `` silent `` movie ) and yet writes a book to teach young men how to understand and win girls .
the book captures the attention of a well-to-do young lady , and we wonder if the two of them will ever manage to get together .
the story was delightful , and although entirely predictable , was fun to watch .
the chase scene at the end of the movie as lloyd attempts to `` get the girl `` before her marriage was quite well filmed , and the humour throughout , while not outrageous , was amusing .
my only criticism is the message that a `` poor boy `` ca n't win a `` rich girl `` unless he has the money ( although in fairness this seemed to be a problem for lloyd 's character and not for the girl .
) all in all , this was a very pleasant way to spend an hour and a half on a lazy saturday morning .

1
premise : a failed scientist punishes himself by becoming a circus clown whose act 's mainstay is uttering platitudes , and then getting slapped for it .
he falls in love with an innocent young girl who adores him , but of course does n't take him seriously as she is , of course , in love with her dashing young partner .
while unbeknown st to her , she has been , of course , promised in marriage to an evil lascivious baron .
a film custom made for all of us who hate clowns and find their appearance scary in itself .
chaney 's he is a gentle but tormented and slightly twisted character who in the end is pushed to retribution via horrifying measures .
the plot and theme are ones we see often in old cinema , but the treatment here is better than average .
the whole thing , is given maxim weirdness , both in content and shot composition .
in particular , the scene break shots which attempt to offer metaphors for the action , ie the clown holding a spinning globe , kinda get under your skin .
the bizarre self chastisement routine of the main character , is an elaborate well thought out production that is unsettling to say the least .
chaney was one of a kind , and watching his very old films i think really offer us a glimpse into the collective psyche of past generations .

1
lon chaney plays a brilliant scientist whose work is completely stolen by a supposed friend and his wife leaves him for that person .
totally humiliated and in contempt he becomes a clown who allows himself to be slapped -- and laughs when it 's done .
however tragedy follows him even when he does that .
i caught this on tcm .
i was expecting a horror movie -- chaney sr. did plenty of those .
what i got was a good , strong melodrama .
plotwise it 's nothing new but the direction is excellent ( especially the things they do with the turning ) and all the performances are superb ( chaney in particular ) .
it 's disturbing to watch at times ( chaney 's circus show as a clown borders on sadism ) , but always fascinating .
it shows how a man is totally destroyed yet , in the end , has the last laugh .
well worth catching .

1
the jingle which went with tv showings of lloyd 's films in the 1980s still stays with me `` a pair of glasses and a smile `` , and that was the time i first saw ` hot water ' .
it is a short film where harold struggles with parcels and a live turkey on public transport , and shows off his new car to the battleaxe mother-in-law .
of course there are high-risk stunts , of course the car gets destroyed , and all the usual stuff , making a short but brilliant silent classic .
jobyna ralston plays harold 's love interest and we just sit back and laugh as silly things happen to him .
i do like lloyd and along with chaplin and keaton he really is the yardstick by which all film comedians after should be judged .
my personal favourite of his is ` girl shy ' but this hour-long treasure comes close .

1
this is a pretty good full-length harold lloyd film .
while it does n't come close to the quality of the freshman or speedy or even grandma 's boy , it is still funny and will entertain you .
but , it also has a relatively shallow plot compared to these other films and spends less time on plot and character development and more time on simple laughs .
harold is a married guy but his wife seems pretty awful to me -- choosing to allow her crappy extended family to mistreat harold and abuse their hospitality .
throughout the film , harold 's mother-in-law , in particular , treats him pretty badly and most of the audience most likely wanted to see him slug her .
but , he is a decent guy and loves his wife , so he holds off , ... until he 's taken so much crap that ultimately he throws out these jerks and his wife , inexplicably , does n't seem to mind .
huh ? !
certainly not memorable but fun nonetheless .

1
i finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema .
i 'd seen fritz lang 's film on video some years ago .
i 'd been hoping that ideal screening conditions would work their magic .
conditions were ideal at cinematheque ontario .
pristine full-length print .
intertitles in the original german with simultaneous english translation , accurate without being too literal .
live piano accompaniment .
ideal .
the film 's magic sputtered for a little while but ultimately failed to catch , at least for me .
this film bears no real relation to wagner 's ring cycle as i already knew but some may not .
wagner had adapted the 13th c. to his own purposes .
part i of fritz lang 's epic -- `` siegfried `` -- has much that will be familiar to listeners of wagner however .
`` kriemhild 's revenge `` is the story of siegfried 's wife kriemhild , her marriage to king etzel ( attila ) the hun , and her desire for revenge against hagen and gunther , the rechristened , for the murder of siegfried .
the spectacular conflagration in this film presumably evolved and expanded in the wagnerian mythos into his , his twilight of the gods , and the end of valhalla .
this film remains earthbound .
most of the film is spectacular .
the massive sets rival those of `` cabiria `` ( 1914 ) , which inspired griffith 's `` intolerance `` ( 1916 ) .
their decoration sets a new benchmark in barbaric splendour .
there 's a huge cast of scarred , mangy huns and art deco burgundians .
and battles .
battles that never seem to end in fact .
kriemhild is very successful in her plan of revenge .
she manages to destroy all around her .
her loyalty to her martyred siegfried seems not to stem so much from love , or devotion , but from something closer to psychosis .
lady macbeth cried out , `` me here . ``
she knew she was emotionally unprepared for what she needed to do .
but kriemhild displays no normal human emotions , and certainly nothing one equates with the feminine principle .
she is already `` top full of direst cruelty `` , to borrow shakespeare 's phrase , from the outset .
margarethe schã¶n and her director convey this with a glower .
i do n't want to exaggerate , but that glower is virtually the only expression ever to `` animate `` kriemhild 's face .
it 's the ultimate in one-note performances .
it 's clearly intentional however , not simply a case of poor acting .
what we have then on offer is a one-dimensional sketch of an avenging fury .
some might see kriemhild as an empowered heroine .
i just see the film as misogynistic .

1
great battle finale and nice sets help keep this movie enjoyable .
at times it had me checking my watch , although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it .
the ending should surprise even those familiar with the nibelungen story line .

1
during the '30s , renã© clair was considered one of the cinema 's most stylish innovators and satirists ... now , however , both the ` poetic realism ' and the exuberant humor on which his reputation once rested seem shallow and dated ... a critic , and a poet and actor in the serials of louis feuillade , the young clair aligned himself with the french avant-garde of the '20s ... indeed , his silent work may be seen as offshoots of the dada movement : his debut , `` paris qui dort `` ( `` the crazy ray `` ) , was a bizarre comic fantasy in which a mad scientist uses a magic ray to render the city immobile ; only a group of strangers , safe atop the eiffel tower or in a plane , remain conscious to search for the culprit and bring paris back to life ...

1
this film has a very stagy feel & it should because it was taken from the show as it was running on the stage in 1924 & filmed for the most part .
there is only a sequence on the ocean which is an early example of how pirate films made much later would be like .
while the sets are much the same on the ocean , the fantasy is left intact with children conquering bitter pirates .
the real fantasy of this film is how george ali , in his only film role , makes a costumed dog seem so realistic .
the special effects with the fairy , etc . are very obviously borrowed from the stage play .
to me , the story here & the moral are more defined than the later walt disney animated version of the same story .
if you want to make a great home movie night , watch this film , then watch `` finding neverland `` starring johnny depp made years later .
this silent is so well done , it makes the later film seem even better .
the silent film actually enhances the enjoyment of neverland as this film prefaces it very well .
all the acting in this silent is well done .
this is an epic silent film .

1
sherlock jr. is a great silent film , released in 1924 .
buster keaton both stars in the film , the , and directs it .
the movie never has a dull moment , there is always something going on .
in the movie keaton does a great deal of stunts .
some of the more extravagant ones are done in the movie-in-a-movie .
this movie-in-a-movie mirrors what is going on in the characters ' real life .
each character is more elegant and their role more exaggerated .
the music played a key role in setting the correct atmosphere for each scene .
the screen editing was done very well for the time period .
i thought this movie deserved a 7 out of 10 because it was very good and entertaining but it was n't the best silent film .

1
sherlock jr is a 1924 silent comedy about a movie theater projectionist who tries to solve a mystery both in his imagination and in the real world .
i actually liked this movie more than i thought i would ( i still prefer chaplin , though ) .
keaton 's style of comedy felt dryer than other silent comedies i 've seen , giving the movie a more sophisticated feel , to me at least .
there was also a great use of special effects , particularly when keaton was in his dream sequence ( though i 'm not sure if you could classify that as a special effect of just an editing trick ) .
despite my interest in the movie , it did have its faults .
it felt very boring at times , and certain scenes that were set up for laughs just did n't click for me .
keatons sometimes dry sense of humor just does n't do it for me the same way chaplins more eccentric style does .
despite of all this i still enjoyed the movie , and i would recommend it for anyone who likes silent film .
7/10

1
sherlock , jr. ( 1924 ) this was the first silent film i had ever actually watched .
i had seen clips of chaplin bits , and sequences from harold lloyd films - but this was the first that i actually watched and analyzed .
in an early comedic detective film directed by and starring the comical and creative buster keaton , a young projectionist is set up by the `` local sheik `` when the projectionists girlfriend 's father 's watch is stolen .
keaton , an aspiring detective , falls asleep and dreams of solving this case while projecting a movie in an amazingly creative sequence where he goes through the movie screen and into the film .
i was extremely impressed by this scene .
it seemed very ahead of its time and its creativity was really notable .
aside from its comical moments , which are featured throughout the film , its uniqueness , creativity , and advanced directing are really impressive .
i would recommend this to anyone who is interested in the silent film genre who has n't yet seen this classic film .

1
while there is some extremely inventive filmmaking to be seen in this classic silent , i ca n't put this on a par with the navigator or steamboat bill , jr for writing and direction .
this is a film more on the level with keaton 's magnificent , surreal short films .
in a famous interview , keaton said of this film that they had been forced to stop doing ` cartoon gags ' when they switched to feature films , because they interrupted the narrative flow .
the entire bracketing story of ` real ' buster , the projectionist , was written on so they could populate a feature length film with impossible jokes and sight gags .
the camera work is seamless , particularly impressive in the earliest scenes of the movie-within-the-movie .
some of the scenes he skipped through were physical stage sets , lit to look like a projected movie , and others were back-projected film .
owing to the limitations of the technology buster 's crew had to work with , you can tell the film segments from the stages , but still a masterful composition .
my main problem with sherlock jr stems from the tacked-on ` real ' beginning and ending .
buster the projectionist starts out with a real-life mystery to solve , but his girlfriend winds up solving it while he daydreams .
it makes the ending a bit unsatisfying .
in the film-within-a-film , buster the detective solves the crime and saves the day .
the second complaint is certainly not buster 's fault .
i just wonder who at kino video thought that terrible , soundtrack was an appropriate backing for a keaton film .
it detracted a great deal from my viewing experience , especially the james bond homage during the car chase .
it becomes more mystifying to me when compared to the other kino releases , which were all backed with piano , organ , or period jazz ensemble .
in the end , certainly worth having in your collection .

1
buster keaton certainly did n't disappoint his fans when he made sherlock jr. so full of inventive slapstick moments and tricks ( such as joining other characters by stepping into a movie being screened ) .
he 's in his element here as an inept projectionist wrongfully accused of stealing a watch and then having to prove himself to `` the girl . ``
he 's really the sole reason for watching this silent comedy , nicely restored and shown recently on tcm .
he has a number of clever scenes wherein his character is caught up in some truly preposterous situations but he always manages to keep that straight face and plods right on no matter how drastic things get .
the motorbike scene is priceless and throughout he 's doing a number of physical stunts that make you wonder how he survived without a mishap .
most enjoyable moment has him watching the screen for tips on how to kiss a girl .
summing up : you ca n't go wrong with this one -- certainly one of buster 's most inventive silent comedies .

1
charles spencer chaplin aka charlie chaplin is n't so much better than buster is just more popular than buster keaton .
i like buster actually more than chaplin , because chaplin was just a vagabond what people really loved , so chaplin found his role .
buster did n't find his role , but he was n't lame and stupid .
this is a silent a doubt one of the 10 best 's silent movies of all was definitely a screen this movie keaton plays young man who 's working at a movie theater , who takes a brake and read book who to be a think that it 's hard to not enjoy this film , because it 's a funny movie .
it 's maybe a little bit dated , but still a classical movie .

1
as much as everybody seems to love this movie , i just do n't count this among keaton 's best .
it 's a very creative movie but i feel that it also could had been made more fun .
nevertheless , buster keaton movies from the ' 20 's of course always remain a must-see .
keaton was unique in its sort , not only was he a great with excellent timing he also was an awesome stuntman , in the period when stunts were n't halve as safe as they are now .
what makes this movie especially distinct itself from other genre pieces made in the same period is the enormous amount of creativity in the movie .
there are some unforgettable and brilliantly constructed sequences , such as the one in which keaton literally enters a movie in the theater he works in .
i still do n't understand how they created those effects !
the movie keeps changing locations with keaton in it and he falls , runs and hides , without the camera ever moving , or the movie cutting .
the movie is filled with more creative sequences such as this one and other daring stunts that look amazing .
there is n't much to the story of course really .
in my opinion its also not really the most interesting one the genre has ever provided but it provides the movie with some fun moments and sequences nevertheless .
not the best in its genre but for ' 20 's standards a truly excellent movie !
7/10 http : //bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

1
one of the tragedies of the first world war -- the bloodiest war in history , up till that time -- was that thousands of the men who 'd survived through the armistice came home to discover that their civilian jobs were no longer open , and other jobs were not easy to find .
` smithy ' is a comedy -- a fairly lowbrow one , at that -- yet it touches upon that real and tragic situation .
there 's a dialogue exchange here which was probably meant as comedy , yet which i found genuinely poignant .
when former doughboy smithy ( stan laurel ) applies for work on a construction crew , the foreman asks ` are you an ex-soldier ? '
... to which laurel replies ` for the rest of my life . '
the film starts with smithy in the infantry of the i 'd expected some routine army gags , but i sat up and took notice when i saw that stan laurel 's sergeant is played by the brilliant james finlayson .
i was all set for some of that legendary interplay between ` fin ' and stan -- surely worth seeing even without ` babe ' hardy to complete the formula -- but , alas , it does n't happen .
finlayson is little more than a straight man here .
a few years ago , while attending a performance of alan ayckbourn 's play ` comic potential ' in london , i was delightfully surprised by a line of dialogue paying tribute to the great jimmy finlayson : too bad that ` smithy ' wastes his talents .
charlie hall , who also wreaked comedy mayhem in several laurel & hardy movies , is here too but likewise wasted .
cut to a scene in the construction company 's office , where the very handsome glenn tryon plays an executive named smith .
we know instantly what 's going to happen : the workers receive orders that mr smith is to take over the construction project , and of course they think this means smithy : the gormless naff played here by laurel .
sure enough .
from here it 's strictly by-the-numbers slapstick , of the type which was perfected by willie , west & mcginty .
laurel has one clever bit of physical comedy when he walks along the building site with a long plank of timber balanced on his head , extending fore and aft : when he suddenly does a volte-face and walks back the other way , the plank maintains its orientation instead of turning with him .
does n't sound funny , but it 's hilarious .
i also laughed at one amusing gag performed by laurel astride a ladder while carrying a roll of .
amazingly and unexpectedly , the crew under laurel 's supervision actually get the house built .
i was expecting it to be a crazy-quilt construction like the house buster keaton built in ` one week ' ... but smithy and his work gang get the job done , to order .
when the ` real ' mr smith shows up , smithy 's loyal workers point out that the ` wrong ' smith still deserves credit for a job well done ... and then comes the final gag .
i was expecting something here , but the visual punchline -- a surprisingly elaborate and expensive gag in this low-budget comedy -- was totally unexpected , and therefore hilarious .
i 'll rate ` smithy ' 7 out of 10 .
it feels as if it 's meant to be the first instalment in a series of comedies starring laurel as this character : in the event , it was a one-off .
stan was good here , but he never truly became a first-rate screen comedian until he shared the screen with oliver hardy .

1
blonde nancy ( returning home from paris ) and robin ( a young american seeing europe ) meet on a cruise returning to england , and make tentative plans to meet again .
nancy 's home is a beautiful estate in devon , filmed on elaborate gothic interior sets designed by hitchcock .
maurice brent , her father , is happily an alcoholic .
after robin decides to pay a visit to upbeat and carefree nancy , she and her morose and serious ( brunette ) twin sister georgina decide to have a laugh at his expense , and georgina meets him that day , instead of nancy .
dad is n't happy about their meetings at all , and tries to intervene .
nancy runs away .
her mother , mrs. brent quite literally dies when she hears the news .
light streaming down from rounded window onto mrs. brent 's dead body slouched over in a chair is a good visual ; was that hitchcock 's idea or director graham cutts ?
beautiful , elaborate set designs and lighting , by hitchcock , are the film 's biggest asset , but film is interesting even without them .
twins switching places with each other , mistaken identities , one 's death , and a parisian cabaret with a creepy looking mascot called the cat who laughs all distinguish this from a routine love triangle movie .
the opening and closing seconds of each of the three surviving reels of this are in a bad state , melted and shredded , from sitting in a film vault for the best part of a century , but restoration worked wonders for the remainder of the footage .
unfortunately , after approximately 40 minutes , the footage runs out , and the rest of the film remains still lost .
`` it may be said that there are no such things as white shadows , but just as the sun casts a dark shadow , so does the soul cast its shadow of white , reflecting a purity that influences the lives upon whom the white shadows fall .
- ``

1
during the summer of 2012 , the discovery of an incomplete copy ( 3 of 6 reels survived ) of `` the white shadow `` ( 1924 ) by herr graham cutts at the `` new zealand film archive `` , originated a great fuss around the world ( well , maybe not a great fuss ; it 's well known that german counts like to exaggerate facts for the sake of silent films ) .
the excitement was n't over the fact that another `` lost `` silent was found or that it was directed by herr cutts - - the fuss was caused because herr alfred hitchcock collaborated in this film as assistant director , editor , art director and scenarist .
such lot of noise can be appreciated by this german count except for the mistake made by some in the long haired media ( who previously paid no attention to silent films ) who awarded the authorship of the film entirely to herr hitchcock , ignoring herr cutts , a major british director during the silent era and who was primarily responsible for the film .
`` the white shadow `` is certainly a solid , very interesting film on its own , whatever hitchcock 's participation in the picture .
it tells the story of twin sisters ( both played by frau betty compson ) , two very different souls in character who share the same lover but end up with different fates .
the two sisters are a study in contrasts : frau georgina is a responsible fraulein who stays at home with her parents on their estate while frau nancy is a wild girl who runs away from home to paris where she smokes a lot and plays cards at a cabaret , `` the cat who laughs `` ( it seems that there are many animals in france ... ) .
there is also around an american , herr robin field ( herr clive brook ) who meets and falls in love with nancy on a boat when both are returning to england , although he later switches his affections to georgina ( without knowing who she really is ) .
it must be said that the drama and the atmosphere of the picture are certainly remarkable , and frau compson is excellent in her dual role .
the careful art direction is also noteworthy ( well , herr hitchcock does splendid work here ) , and herr cutts achieves an intense dramatic affect and throws in a dose of morality as well .
the authorship of the film clearly belongs to herr cutts but , if one digresses for a moment and insists on finding some trace of hitchcock in the overall work , there is a certain parallel between the impersonation in this film and herr hitchcock 's `` vertigo `` but this may be just the fancy of an old german count .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must play strip baccarat at `` the cat who laughs `` .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
this is a curious film in that it mixes all three genres : comedy , romance and drama .
for its first half ( almost exactly ) we see three war buddies from different walks of life ( a rich boy , a bartender , a riveter ) become friends as they leave the us and head for france , where the rich boy ( john gilbert ) romances a local girl , melisande , ( renee adoree ) .
this first half is filled with memorable vignettes : a gum chewing lesson , a french lesson , reading of letters from home , etc . .
suddenly the men pull out and the famous farewell scene grips us , gilbert and adoree searching for each other , finding each other , holding on until the last moment , she allowing herself to be dragged by the truck he is in , finally collapsing in the road with other evacuees around her .
the grim second half contains two long battle sequences : a forced march through a forest of snipers and a harrowing night battle in the trenches .
the battle montages are superbly handled .
vidor 's overall direction is excellent .
the grim ending with his two friends dead and his leg gone pack a wallop .
this is a most effective film and a very popular one of its day .
along with the four horsemen of the apocalypse , wings and what price glory ?
it stands as one of the quartet of hollywood 's best wwi epics .
if there had been oscars in 1925 it would certainly have garnered noms for : picture , direction , actor , editing , special effects .
quite memorable and very worth seeing .

1
king vidor 's world war i drama , from a story by wwi vet and distinguished playwright laurence stallings , was made for only $ 250,000 and looks like a zillion , with huge battle sequences , an enormous cast , and expressive art direction .
the extended battle is great , capturing the terrifying immediacy of war nearly as well as `` all quiet on the western front `` ( but the latter must be counted as the greater achievement , what with hauling all that primitive sound equipment around the set ) .
john gilbert is quite good here , with expressive but not eyes , and renee adoree is a spirited , pretty love interest .
but stallings -- who wrote another terrific wwi story , `` what price glory `` -- makes some simple mistakes that would n't have been difficult to repair .
when we first meet gilbert , he 's a spoiled rich boy , uninterested in defending his country ( `` i already have enough of a war on my hands with dad , `` goes a title card ) .
he enlists solely to impress his uninteresting girlfriend .
then , in france , he forgets her instantly and falls in love with adoree , despite his lack of french and her lack of english .
i 'm always annoyed at simple lust being passed off as the real thing in movies .
then , having created a love triangle , stallings introduces a third-act resolution i wo n't spoil here , but is a mighty contrived way of clearing the path so that gilbert can have his true love at fadeout .
his two war buddies , the regular guy ( tom o'brien ) and the lovable gap-toothed idiot ( karl dane ) , are so straitjacketed by their simple personas that they quickly wear out their welcome , and the comedy among these three brothers in battle ( oddly , they practically never seem to interact with anyone else in their unit ) is feeble .
this was the most successful silent film to come out of hollywood , and plenty of it is impressive , but it 's encumbered by elementary screen writing mistakes .

1
for a 73 year old movie this holds up rather well .
seems like many of the scenes showed up in later movies .
the battle scenes were good , but not historical .
wwi was basically trench warfare and not battles with snipers in trees .
( that 's more like wwii in the pacific .
) there were some good shots on no man 's land , but again , everyone seemed to be fighting out of shell of the scenes seem trite , but again , consider the times .
not a classic , but still a very ambitious undertaking considering the state of the film art in 1927 .
some of the special effects ( like the artillery barrages ) were awesome .
definitely worth a look .

1
in an opening flashback to the late 1890s , we see joan crawford ( in a small early role , as young catherine ) deciding to leave her husband and run away with a lover .
thirty years later , the son she left behind is married to beautiful eleanor boardman ( as elizabeth ) .
like her mother-in-law , ms. boardman is contemplating running away with a lover - handsome malcolm mcgregor ( as edward `` teddy `` luton ) .
mistakenly thinking her father-in-law will be absent for the duration , boardman has invited older lovers eugenie besserer and george fawcett ( as catherine `` kitty `` and hugh `` hughie `` porteous ) over for a visit ... `` i want to see how runaway love wears after thirty years , if they 're still happy , then ... `` naturally , original deserted husband alec b. francis ( as clive cheney ) arrives home unexpectedly .
more startling surprises follow .
reportedly , mgm changed the ending of the original w. somerset maugham play ; it is still amusing , but the alteration no longer fits the story 's thesis .
this is evident in the final scenes with ms. besserer and mr. fawcett , who act up a storm .
boardman , stuffy husband creighton hale ( as arnold cheney ) and the others are fine , too .
there is outstanding work from director frank borzage , photographer chester a. lyons and the `` cheney castle `` mgm production crew .
happily , a beautiful print survives .
******* the circle ( ) frank borzage ~ eleanor boardman , eugenie besserer , george fawcett , malcolm mcgregor

1
sprightly , only slightly less appealing sequel to fairbank 's first outing as zorro .
here as zorro 's son , we also get some neat and the sight of 2 fairbanks ( as zorro and his son ) in addition to the usual acrobatic stunts .
the plot concerns don q being sent to the `` old country `` to study .
he ends up framed for a crime by the corrupt officials of the queen ( who are made jealous when don q saves their commander from a bull with his whip , impressing the queen with his courage ) .
zorro must come over to help him prove his innocence and defeat his enemies in battle .

1
as an avid laurel and hardy fan , i have always been somewhat disappointed in the early solo comedies of both stan and ollie .
they are just too much a throwback to the early films of sennett and co. , one physical gag heaped upon another with no attempt to vary the frenetic pacing or establish character .
so it was with unexpected delight that i watched dr. pyckle and mr. pryde on the new kino collection of stan laurel solo shorts .
once we dispense with the first ten minutes of generally desultory humor as he mixes his concoction , things get really funny .
laurel 's transformation into the naughty mr. hyde is priceless .
hopped up ( literally ) on his potion , he gleefully runs amok , stealing ice cream from children , scaring women with popping paper bags , etc . .
he is n't the truly malevolent hyde of stevenson 's story , but merely an unrepentant prankster ... a naughty little boy .
later , when his dog laps up some of the spilled potion and starts nipping at stan 's backside while sporting the same fright wig as mr. hyde ... well , you have to see it to truly appreciate it .

1
this is a fine little film , almost entirely filmed in two adjoining rooms .
the plot is outlined elsewhere in these reviews .
it 's a simple tale of a spoiled brat of a husband being made aware of the work and devotion of his taken for granted wife , through the intervention of his former nanny .
the performances are all solid , the acting is subtle and completely believable .
meyer , who played the lusting monk in dreyer 's leaves from satan 's book does a remarkable transformation as the autocrat husband here and mathilde nielsen ( from his the parson 's widow ) does a fine job as the wise old nanny .
once again it is a tale supporting the value of women and the matriarchy and taking the unfeeling patriarchal world to task .
a double bill with dreyer 's the parson 's widow would be apt as the themes are similar - wise old woman intervenes in youthful folly .
the first part of the film , showing the many steps involved in the running of a household , are almost all done in long shot and medium shot .
it is only when the characterizations begin to unfold that we are slowly allowed to move in closer and closer to the faces .
my print ran 111 minutes , not the 107 listed here on the imdb site .

1
the story of a `` spoilt husband `` - selfish , irritable , very ill-tempered and demanding as he rules the house , while his wife gets up at the crack of dawn to start her drab day of tending to his constant needs and complaints .
even the kids have to perform tasks all day rather than play to satisfy their tyrant of a father - but he 's never satisfied , nothing seems to be to his liking !
yeah , you got it , this guy is a serious jerk leaving me to wonder why the wife has n't left him long ago .
luckily smart nana , hubby 's childhood nursemaid , steps up to the plate to help make some changes as she fetches the wife 's mother and the two old women set out to straighten this guy out and teach him the lesson he so badly needs - to appreciate his wife .
so the wife goes away for a `` rest `` ( well needed , i should say ) leaving hard-nosed nana in charge of the brute !
this film is adequately entertaining , it is photographed in an interesting way , but is somewhat slow-moving and drags a bit in places .
i would say at least half an hour shorter would have made this a better film .
the acting is quite well done by all players .
the version as shown on tcm included a pleasant piano score that sometimes suits the plot - and sometimes does n't .
worth seeing .

1
good to see clara bow , even in this murky , fair-to-middling print of a moody melodrama in which director frank o'connor allows all the other players a free hand to steal all her scenes .
raymond mckee ( soon to achieve fame in mack sennett shorts as jimmy smith ) , over-acting and chewing up the scenery no end , proceeds to do just that , although hallam cooley runs him a close second , whilst charles hill mailes and winter hall ( and even the actor who plays the police captain ) are not far behind .
that miss bow manages to hold her own under this combined assault is a tribute not to her skill , but her charisma .
she has only to look into the camera with her soulful , flashing eyes to quickly register whatever emotions the script requires .
( you will notice i omit donald keith .
he plays a wet character -- and acts accordingly ) .
whatever else , the title `` free to love `` , has precious to do with the fast-moving , gloriously melodramatic , expensively produced , cops-and-robbers plot which even contrives at least one genuine surprise .

1
if you have never seen a buster keaton film , i do n't recommend you see this one -- as it may fail to impress you .
while it 's a decent film , steamboat bill , jr. and the general are better keaton efforts .
first , i should mention i saw this videotape as marketed by kino video .
while the print in this case is great for a silent-era film , i was surprised that i hated the sound track so much .
i 'm not sure if it was originally intended for this movie -- if it was , do n't blame kino .
however , i doubt this because the tracks are jazz and i ca n't see why anyone would pair this with a modern cowboy flick !
also , towards the end and on the accompanying keaton shorts , there is significant slowdown -- producing a very muddled sound track and choppy action .
the movie itself is cute .
keaton goes west for excitement and along the way he meets and falls in love with a cow -- no , it 's not that sort of love , but more like the love of a boy and his dog .
a decent film but a bit slow and not as full of humor as some of his other films .

1
no , as most critics have said , this is n't one of buster keaton 's better feature films , but it 's not bad and surely it is better than what you might have read in some critic 's book .
it has its moments and is a bit different in way , if you consider a man and cow falling in love with each other !
( this should be a `` cult classic ! ``
) buster heeds the advice , `` go west , young man , go west , `` and winds up out in the middle of nowhere after crawling inside a barrel and then the barrel falling out of a train .
he winds up taking discarded cowboy clothes and trying his hand at that profession but , of course , has no clue even how to ride a horse .
his only accomplishment is taking a stone out of a cow 's hoof .
the cow is so grateful , it follows buster around the rest of the movie and the two become quite attached .
after some low-key attempts at several projects , buster winds up - i am really condensing this - back on a train with the cattle hoping to be sold so that the boss can get enough money to save his ranch .
the train is robbed , the cattle derailed and the herd winds up in the middle of a big city !
that 's the real fun part of the film , as it is in so many silent comedies .
the adventures of seeing a herd of cattle going down the main city streets and then into , turkish baths , ladies department stores , etc . , is very funny .
the ending was very clever and final punch-line not what the viewers anticipate .
all in all , not a lot of laugh-out-loud scenes but a decent keaton silent film and definitely worth a watch .
i am glad most of the reviewers here appreciated this movie .

1
a young man named friendless decides to head east when his luck runs out .
after nearly getting trampled by an average new york pedestrian crowd , friendless takes horace greeley 's advice and heads west via rail .
friendless accidently is sent off the train , he ends up at an arizona ranch , where the owner gives him a job as a hand .
soon there he meets his first friend , a cow named brown eyes .
when brown eyes is to be taken with the rest of the herd for the slaughterhouse , friendless goes with brown eyes to prevent her turning into a steak dinner , until a rival ranch holds up the train , and friendless ends up driving the entire herd through the busy 1920 's streets of los angeles to market .
this keaton film differs from the other 's he made in the 1920 's , where it is more of a drama , and sacrificing the keaton routine of the young man who unwillingly is called to do the extraordinary things , in a sense a chaplin film .
there are a few good sight gags though ( buster waiting for a cow to give milk , his failures to get to the dinner table on time ) , but the scenes with brown eyes are the movie .
rating - 7 .

1
though ` go west ( 1925 ) ' does not contain much of the technical wizardry and daredevil stunt-work that makes busters keaton 's films so amazingly entertaining , it does contain a massive amount of heart , and that 's just a different reason to watch it .
written and directed by keaton himself ( with writing assistance from lex neal and a scenario by raymond cannon ) , the film focuses on the cowboy exploits of a young , friendless man who finds the hustle-and-bustle of the city too much for him , and so ships out west in search of a new life .
though keaton knowingly sets up the film to be a story of budding romance between himself and a beautiful girl ( kathleen myers ) , it is here that tale takes a unique turn .
while on the cattle ranch , keaton falls in love with an adorable young cow named brown eyes , who affectionately follows him around wherever he goes .
while human friendships have offered him little , in brown eyes keaton finds a companion for life , and he tries everything in his attempts to stop the cow from being slaughtered .
the final twenty minutes of the film contains one of keaton 's most ambitious set-pieces -lcb- and this certainly says a lot -rcb- , as he releases 1000 cattle to stampede through the streets of los angeles .
though some of the gags do go a bit over-the-top , there is an incredible energy in the sequence in which keaton -- dressed in a red devil suit to attract the cows ' attention -- sprints feverishly down the busy road , hundreds of bovine in tow , and an entire squad of panicked policemen clutching at his costume 's dragging tail .
the film 's final joke is a classic one : the thankful ranch owner ( howard ) offers keaton absolutely anything he wants in return for delivering the cattle and averting financial ruin .
keaton meekly declares `` i want her , `` and casts his finger backwards in the direction of the man 's pretty daughter .
we are momentarily shocked at our hero 's unexpected arrogance , but then keaton plods off behind a wall and returns with brown eyes on a leash , and we understand that it had all been an amusing misunderstanding .
thus ends the most unusual love story of the silent era .

1
this is not one of keaton 's best efforts .
the other comments on this page adequately give a summary of the action and relationships .
it is slow moving and none of the gags in the first two thirds seem original with few exceptions ( keaton 's being cheated out of the sale of his goods , constantly missing bunkhouse meals ) .
the meat of the film comes once the train containing the cattle arrives in los angeles .
it 's lots of fun seeing actual locations used for the cattle stampede and the slapstick fun of ordered city lives being upset by the presence of stray cattle amuses up to a point - there 's a bit too much of it .
the great image of keaton in a red devil 's suit leading the cattle to their destination and then finally running for his life as they stampede him - this is the one we remember most from the film .
almost all of the images , gags and routines of the first hour seem lame compared to the stirring finale .
kino 's archive print is impeccable - crisp , clear , bright without a blemish .
the new soundtrack is a joyous romp with full orchestra .
a quality print of a merely average film .

1
i recently had to read the novel mcteague for my college american lit .
class .
frank norris 's novel , which this movie is based on , was much better than this chopped up movie .
it is no wonder that this film destroyed the director 's career .
the movie misses out on most of the most interesting things about the novel -- the supporting characters ( like grannis , miss baker , maria , and zerkow ) .
it focuses only on mcteague , trina , and marcus .
that is a big injustice to norris ' work , in my opinion .
the supporting characters were essential in the appreciation of this work .
how could they be taken out as if they never existed ?
perhaps the problems with this movie came from the editing .
norris had originally produced a nine hour movie ( or so i 've heard ) , and it had to be cut down to a more commercial length .
that was a big mistake .
still , there has to be a way to make a film adaptation of this novel that can include all of the main plots and subplots .
hollywood movie makers need to consider a modern remake of this classic novel .
the book had a lot to be said , and it deserves to be introduced to mainstream america in a tasteful and complete way .

1
we ca n't blame the director , since the film was `` butchered `` , but what i saw was seriously flawed .
i 've seen many great silent films , and this is n't in the same league with them .
`` intolerance `` is a better film on a similar subject .
motivation is the worst problem .
it feels wrong that someone upon winning a lottery would refuse to spend a cent of it , and suddenly become the world 's worst miser .
her love for the money becomes more important than any other human emotion or comfort .
we read of old people like this dying filthy and destitute , with a hidden fortune , but the sudden onset here feels wrong .
some of the greed shown is created because of the stinginess of others .
the husband has a strange lack of influence over the wife , especially for the time , perhaps because the human love and friendships in the film are shallow and phony .
it is a dark movie .
there are some terrific views of streetcars and street scenes in early san francisco ; of and outside park in the east bay .
the death valley scenes probably had more visual impact then , as today they seem commonplace .
so i felt the images as well as the story petered out to an unsatisfying end .

1
an interesting lesson in the `` greed `` controversy is the reminder that in hollywood , the emphasis is basically upon `` merchandise , `` whereas in new york it is on `` talent . ``
what happened to von stronheim is the same pattern of welles , cukor , and other great artists of true genius , who attempted in vain to place art above business interests .
it 's really all about profit , box office , ratings in hollywood .
if one can create art while turning in a product under budget , under schedule -- and do good box office , fine .
but , to this very day , those still living production folk who were at rko during the `` citizen kane `` era , speak lowly of welles .
not because the film has long been hailed as a great milestone , but because it failed to turn in the profit they expected .
welles suffered from that experience to the extent he never fully recovered , and his `` magnificent ambersons `` underwent a similar studio hacking .
cukor disavowed `` a star is born `` and died before he could ever see the `` restored `` version -- not that that would have necessarily have pleased him .
his cut footage was destroyed and no one will ever see the cukor version again .
von stronheim 's `` greed `` is the same .
one may speculate , but the film is forever gone , thanks to the attitude and actions of thalberg , along with mayer 's approval .
hollywood is no place for the genuine artist ... unless he can somehow `` sneak `` in the art ( as welles did cleverly with `` kane `` ) .
so , the rhetorical debate over lost footage remains purely theoretical .
it pays to be a writer , composer or painter ... at least their work ca n't be easily destroyed .
# # #

1
charley chase plays `` melvin , `` a poor sap whose wife wife `` mame . ``
the latter was played by a very pretty and sexy katherine grant , who makes me think this film should be the other way around with him jealous of her .
grant was a beauty pageant winner , by the way , but stopped making films two years after this .
anyway , mame tries to catch him in the act of cheating .
however , melvin is an upright guy who is not cheating nor even thinking about it .
even when some horny older woman is trying to get him to fool around in the backseat of a cab , he wants no part of it .
there are a few clever and funny sight gags in here , things i have n't seen in the chaplin , lloyd or keaton films .
charley is a little different in his own way .
one reviewer here said he looked like a cross between dick van dyke and john cleese , and i thought was pretty accurate .
the last few minutes of this movie , as in many silent comedies , is hilarious .
one thing i really liked in this movie was the score .
it was very snappy '20s music , mostly upbeat and a lot of fun to hear .
frankly , many of the scores from this era do n't grab my attention ... but this one did .

1
the unique thing about charley chase was that he had the uncanny ability to take familiar material and turn it on its head .
the philandering husband in one manner , shape or form was a very common theme in silent comedy , but here chase puts a different spin on it and is a completely innocent husband who finds himself in increasingly compromising situations .
his always suspicious wife , played by katherine grant , seeks the advice of a medium of sorts to confirm her suspicions .
meanwhile , chase has to fight off more increasingly difficult temptations and situations which may potentially sabotage his standing with his wife .
the film starts out a bit slow , my only criticism , but then moves swiftly into delightfully complex comic scenarios .
the film really takes off once the action continues inside the same hotel where his wife is seeing a medium in a nearby room .
his frantic attempts to avoid being compromised contain moments that could make anyone howl with laughter .
lucien littlefield is hilarious as an inept house detective .
that 's james finlayson as the desk clerk .
*** of 4 stars .

1
if you have n't seen the 1985 tv version , which is very accurate to the original play , i recommend you do , as otherwise some of the character histories and motivations wo n't come through in this 1925 film .
this 1925 version delves more deeply into the complexities of the characters than does wilde 's original : 1 .
from the first scene of the 1925 film , it is clear lady windermere feels a powerful sexual attraction for darlington , which she is trying to resist , to be faithful to her husband .
thus she is much more vulnerable , and likable , from the very beginning in this film than she is in the play , and thus viewers care more about her .
2 .
mrs. erlynne , lady windermere 's mother , is more complex and conflicted in this 1925 film -- she is , after all , a woman who threatens her daughter 's husband that she will ruin her own daughter 's life unless he pays her a large sum .
to make such a woman sympathetic is very tough , but the director here and the actress pull it off , by showing how she is with bills and debts .
the original play omits all this and leaves open the possibility that mrs. erlynne is coldly threatening her daughter 's future for nothing more than greed and pride .
3 .
lady windermere was raised believing her mother honorable , but died young .
in fact , her mother ( now going under the name mrs. erlynne ) left husband and baby girl for a lover , dishonoring herself ; then that lover dumped her .
a key question , regarding lord windermere 's character , is whether he knew before he met mrs. erlynne that the story about his wife 's mother was a -- whether he knew , at the time he met and married his wife the future lady windermere , that her mother had this dishonorable past .
in the original play , this is not answered , but in this 1925 film , a title card makes clear that lord windermere knew long before he met mrs. erlynne that his wife 's mother , whoever she was , was dishonorable .
the only thing mrs. erlynne must prove to lord windermere is that she is , in fact , that mother .
this factor makes lord windermere a more admirable character than the character in the original play , because it is clear that he did not let his wife 's mother 's disreputable reputation stop him from loving , respecting and marrying his future wife .
in this 1925 film lord windermere is also shown as very understanding of human frailty , in that he shakes hands with mrs. erlynne on several occasions even after she puts the bite on him .
4 .
this 1925 version deals with two major plot problems in the original that involve servants .
the key to lady windermere preserving her husband 's love for her , and her reputation , is that her husband never learns that she ( a ) left her house and ( b ) went to lord darlington 's rooms .
mrs. erlynne seeks to preserve lord windermere 's belief that lady windermere was always in her home by getting lady windermere out of those rooms and back home before darlington and the other men find her in his rooms .
but in that era , darlington would have had a valet or butler to answer his door , and when lady windermere arrived , that man would know , of course , since she could not enter unless he let her in .
thus merely getting her out would n't preserve secrecy ; the servant must also be convinced to keep silent , or at least , to be discrete , not to blurt out in anyone 's hearing that lady windermere had been there .
similarly , in the windermere house , servants would know that she left the house and did not return until hours later .
indeed , in the play a servant says she left the house , and later , another servant says she knew when lord windermere returned ( 5 am ) which means the servants would also know when lady windermere returned ( after 2 am ) .
thus lady windermere 's secret would be exposed to her husband , because darlington 's servant might blurt out her presence , and lord windermere 's own servants would tell him his wife had left and later returned .
the 1925 film solves the windermere `` servant problem `` by having lady windermere sneak out without any servant knowing , and having mrs. erlynne see this , so no servant need know that the mistress of the house had left .
presumably lady windermere could also find a way to sneak back in unseen by any servant , when she returned .
as to the darlington `` servant problem `` , the original play opens the relevant scene with lady windermere already in darlington 's rooms , in an attempt to finesse the issue ; but to any audience member who realizes there must have been a servant to open darlington 's door , this fails , and leaves a hole in the story .
the 1925 film at least signals it knows of the problem , and assumes that some members of the audience will realize that there must have been a servant , because it shows that darlington 's door is opened by a servant .
but the servant is never shown .
in effect , the 1925 film acknowledges that there must have been a servant , but tries to get the audience to overlook it , and to overlook the problem .
it would have been better if the film inserted a brief scene in which mrs. erlynne , having arrived at darlington 's rooms , called in the servant and told him not to tell his master , lord darlington , that either of them had visited , except in total privacy where none of the other men who might be with darlington would overhear .
of course , eventually darlington would have to learn from his servant of lady windermere 's visit , but since darlington has already announced that he 's leaving england forever , and since it would be unthinkable of him to expose lady windermere , the audience will understand that her secret is safe with him .
postscript june 2009 : my dvd version runs 2 hours 13 minutes , much longer than the 89 minute version now on dvd by the am .
film .

1
`` lady windermere 's fan `` is an enjoyable old silent film , though it 's far from perfect .
first , the film seems as if it 's missing some intertitle cards and as we watched the film , i had to explain some of the plot to my daughter .
as a fan of silents , i understood a lot of what was implied in the plot -- and you might just find it a tiny bit hard to follow .
second , the film is based on a single plot idea that could have been worked through very easily had the husband just talked to his wife early in the movie -- and it 's hard to base an entire film on this .
but , on the other hand , the story is quite enjoyable and it had some nice twists here and there that kept my interest throughout .
the film begins with a loving husband receiving a cryptic note .
he goes to the appointed place and is surprised to see his wife 's mother -- a woman who was supposed to have died many years earlier and who had a sordid reputation .
she wants him to pay her not to reveal herself to the wife -- in other words she 's blackmailing him .
this really did n't make a lot of sense , though , as her later character was nothing like this ... hmm , ... perhaps i should have also listed this as a problem with the film in my first paragraph !
when the husband is seen visiting his mother-in-law by some other society folks , they begin to spread rumors -- not realizing or caring to know his intent .
and , an evil opportunist jerk ( played by ronald colman ) decides to exploit this to try to break up the happy marriage .
how will all this turn out , see the film for yourself -- as there is a lot more to the film 's interesting plot .
if you love silents , you 'll no doubt love this film .
if not , well , see it anyway -- as it 's still a pretty good film !

1
the mexican novelist once remarked the challenge and paradox of making a silent movie after a wilde play , transferring an action-less witty stage play , all speech and no action , no outer movement , all verbal dynamism and witty virtuosity , into a masterpiece of images and montage , visual syntax ; that 's pretty challenging , and it took an quite early auteur , liked by the hispanic buffs ( and borges both register as lubitsch buffs ) , to be delicious , using a wildean partition and idea , in a way wilde himself never was -- no spoken words , all play .
i do not know the play , but the movie is common -- sensed , with a sense of rational bonhomie that i liked and approved of , the way mrs. e. was about to leave the party , then suddenly gets lucky and wins the evening , charms everybody at the lady 's birthday reception , etc . -- those scenes are , how should i say , humane -- also those in the labyrinthine , dreamlike garden -- they are also the ones in which margaret looks best -- as a matter of fact , i believe that colman and irene rich seem the most conspicuous because of their parts , not the other way around , which is a way of saying that the other actors are also as good .
the plot is quite dry , quite austere , no or lyricism , mere social play , rather bleak at core , one might say , quite -- but , as i said , also common -- sensed and earthy .
there 's enough of wilde in this old silent comedy .
the very template of his comedies -- and of his writings , generally -- is peculiar , intriguing and instructive .
you can sense this in ` windermere ' .
lubitsch sensed this display , i wished there was a better word , less , but what can you do about a melodramatic comedy , what choice of words do you really have -- so , on with what i termed the display -- i was about to say , showcasing -- of compassion .
because this template , for a comedy , is peculiar , unusual .
it 's not heartless , on the contrary , it 's presumably heartfelt , basically melodramatic , anyway the template dictates this , melodramatic with touching moments .
thus , it can serve to illustrate both the bleakness and 19th century sadness -- and the russian tendency of wilde , his interest in -- and maybe feeling of -- compassion , etc . .
lubitsch at his most charming and lively , a lot of frames of unusual beauty ; the version i saw ran for 86 minutes .
being without score , it felt a bit awkward .
when i was a bit younger , i used to pick a score for these movies , but it was quite at random , and sometimes it 's better silently .
it has been claimed that lubitsch translated ideally wilde 's dialogs into a silent format ; i disagree .
on the contrary , the movie is between the pointlessness and almost flatness of the attempted , and the usual brio of lubitsch 's own accuracy .
as a wilde equivalent , it only spells the failure of attempts at a too literal rendering -- because a genuine translation would mean a minimum of wildean stuff or content , but the charm of the wit .
lubitsch might of found an equivalent for something wildean -- but not here , where he 's almost enslaved by literalism , by a literal rending of the play 's plot -- and , in silence , that plot means melodrama , with the extra sentimentalism and delusions of russian grandeur , peculiar to wilde .
that 's why i call it a not very good movie .
in wilde 's hands , the plot has been redeemed by the dialogs ; in lubitsch 's , too much of the ooze of cheap sentimentalism remained , with little of the intended wit and charm .
it follows wilde too much into the irrelevance and cheapness of an essentially disappointing plot .
a good amount of craft exists , though .
i enjoyed some ideas -- the maze , etc . -- and the actors , and colman is awesome , his funny walk notwithstanding .
anyway , the tag -- line would be : not the best of lubitsch , but likable .
the melodrama feels of creepy because you sense wilde really invested in it , he strove to make it seem deep , he cared about it , and that 's creepy , almost morbid ... .

1
in `` lady windermere 's fan `` the great ernst lubitsch may have bitten off a bit more than he can chew .
first and foremost , how can you reproduce oscar wilde 's witty dialogue in a silent film ? ?
true , the famous ` lubitsch touch ' is apparent , but minus wilde it becomes a romantic drama .
the players are excellent and above reproach , in particular irene rich as mrs. erlynne - in fact , it is basically her picture .
a youthful ronald colman as lord darlington underplays his role but is urbane and charming ( in truth , i have not read or seen the play before but that is my perception ) .
i have always liked colman in everything i have seen him in , but , of course , you ca n't hear his marvelous voice and diction here .
despite these drawbacks i enjoyed the film and felt the photography was exceptionally good .
i just felt it would have been even better with a soundtrack , as it lacks the requisite bite and panache .
sadly , a drawing room comedy of manners such as `` lady windermere 's fan `` would n't work today , as modern day audiences would be baffled by the subtlety and lack of action .
that may be why it has n't been remade successfully in the sound era .
i give it a rating of 7 .

1
the strength of this one is the way the camera tells the story -- beautifully .
the film justifies the artistry often claimed for silent films .
the weakness of the film is the story itself .
it starts out like `` a place in the sun `` ( george stevens ' great film of 1951 ) , with an ambitious young man loved by a lower class woman and an aristocrat .
dreiser 's ` an american tragedy , ` on which the stevens film was based was published in the year of ` woman of the night ' ( 1925 ) .
but the film becomes conventional , when molly decides that chunky will at least be a lot of laughs .
the fact that the two women do look alike , in spite of the makeup and garish costumes that norma 's molly wears , is not exploited .
the `` double story `` a la ` dorian gray , ' ` jeykll and hyde , ' poe 's ` william wilson , ' dostoyevski 's ` the double , ' james ' ` jolly corner , ' and conrad 's ` the duel ' is not told , so there 's no point in having shearer play both women .
in fact , joan crawford , who must have just changed her name from lucille , plays molly when the two women are on screen .
i wonder how crawford felt later , when shearer got all the parts that thalberg bought for her during the early days of talkies .
crawford told us when she commented on shearer and howard in the 1936 ` romeo and juliet ' : `` i could n't wait for those two old turkeys to die -- could you ? ``

1
during the silent film era there were many important and famous directors who contributed with their mastery to the greatness of s film art but there were also other remarkable but not well-known film directors who also made good films .
these interesting oeuvres unfortunately made little impact and are often not remembered in spite of their artistic merits .
the american film director herr monta bell was responsible for a number of these good ( though not great ) movies .
this herr graf likes specially herr bell 's films , little pieces of craftsmanship in the silent era , perfectly planned and never disappointing .
herr bell was influenced in his directorial style by herr ernst lubitsch ( beside working with herr charles chaplin ) and it is possible to see this in many of his films ; elegant comedies , sometimes as sophisticated as the herr lubitsch ones , not with the german director 's touch , certainly , but elegant , stylish and displaying an ironic sense of humour , anyway .
`` lady of the night `` is not one of those remarkable herr bell 's stylish comedies but it is certainly a good film , one of those herr bell 's small pictures , brief but intense and with excellent final artistic results .
the film depicts the story of two women from very different backgrounds ; dame molly and dame florence banning , both played by dame norma shearer in a double role .
they are in love with the same youngster , a successful inventor who has a complicated task on his hands ; he must sell his invention and pick the girl he will spend the rest of his life with .
the parallel stories and the different backgrounds of the two women , are depicted in detail and there is an excellent performance by dame shearer who expertly captures the different gestures and habits in the way both women face life ; it 's a `` tour de force `` and even though it seems simple it is actually complex .
the film is also perfectly balanced , with witty editing showing transitions from dame molly to dame florence , especially at the beginning of the film .
with skill and craftsmanship the film narrative goes from to a barroom dance to a luxurious mansion very smoothly , reflecting different social realities that have only one thing in common : the sufferings of love .
herr bell knows ( as does this german count ) that different social classes can not be mixed and that 's what happens in `` lady of the night `` but in order not to disillusion the audience and keep them dreaming those impossible dreams , herr bell includes some humour and also an ironic and cynical ending , as happens in many of herr bell 's films .
after all , those two different girls are realistic not foolish ones and know pretty well what the future has in store for them .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must drink a double cocktail .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
this is a pretty straightforward silent romantic melodrama , and it 's unclear why norma shearer was cast in a dual role when the two characters are not related and there 's nothing in the plot that requires them to look at all alike , but it 's made interesting by the excellent performance shearer turns in as molly .
florence is a typical goody-good shearer characterization but molly is a much more fascinating character , not really a `` bad `` girl but a young woman who 's living by her wits , close enough to the underworld to be involved with a shady character like `` chunky `` dunn but decent enough to steer the hero away from criminal temptations .
beautifully made up and costumed ( those feathers in her hat seem to have a life of their own !
) , shearer as molly turns in a sensitive performance , alive to the pathos of the character : it 's a real pity she did n't make more films playing roles like this instead of the impossibly good heroines ( like florence in this film ) for which she became known .
( incidentally the print i saw on turner classic movies ran only 64 minutes and did not contain a two-strip technicolor sequence -- a real pity since i like the look of two-strip and am always glad when i can see a well-preserved example of it .
)

1
tcm is showing a very crisp print of lady of the night , tinted throughout in shades of blue , yellow , orange , sepia , etc . and giving it a more interesting look than most of the b & w films of that era .
it 's accompanied by a very perky score by jon that captures the feel of the story with style .
norma shearer has the chance to play two roles , a poor girl from the wrong side of the tracks and a rich society girl -- with both of them in love with leading man malcom mcgregor .
the stories are blended because the poor girl is the daughter of a criminal sentenced to life in prison and the rich girl is the daughter of the judge who sentenced him .
camera work is marvelous in scenes where shearer acts with herself , technically excellent in the manner the actress is photographed for the dual scenes .
particularly clever is the use of tinted photography to make the story more vivid .
for shearer fans , this is a must see since this is really a minor gem in her career .
she 's equally convincing as molly , the gum-chewing gal who knows she 's not respectable enough to win the love of the inventor she has helped , and the quiet and thoughtful rich girl who realizes that poor molly really has first claim on mcgregor 's heart .
the ending manages to be a mixture of sadness and brightness , a satisfying conclusion to an interesting and poignant tale about the whims of true love when it comes to wealth and poverty .

1
with very simple , touching and understated performances for a silent film , this is an interesting exploration of women 's roles in the 1920s .
a 4 way love tangle ensues as two outwardly very different woman ( both played very well by norma shearer ) try to find love and meaning in life .
one is a pampered rich girl , one is a tough , who grew up in reform school .
but by having shearer play both women , the film concisely and visually makes the point that they are more alike in their humanity , than different in their outward styles .
basically a bittersweet melodrama , this rises to well above average on it 's intelligence , elegant visual style and acting .
on the other hand , lot of people see this as a flat out masterpiece , but it did n't have that kind of deep effect on me , at least on first viewing .
but i 'll be curious to see it again .

1
`` lazybones `` , directed by herr frank borzage was the beginning of this director 's most fruitful period in the silent era .
like herr borzage 's other most important and remarkable silent films , `` lazybones `` was produced for fox .
`` lazybones `` tells the story of steve tuttle ( buck jones ) `` a man as slow as molasses in winter `` so the people gave him the nickname of `` lazybones `` a man with many unrequited loves that he will sacrifice in a languid way true to his character .
the film combines a refined sense of humour with a kind of melancholy melodrama developed by excellent actors who are perfect in their different characters .
buck jones was mainly famous for his cowboy roles ( and borzage himself was also noted for his early westerns ) .
steve 's opposite is ( zasu pitts ) , a victim of her strict mother , and who is a fragile character with little chance for rebellion in a town where convention rules and keeping up appearances is a very important matter .
in this film nature and the landscapes are very important too and become subtle characters in their own right .
they sometimes reflect the different moods or the special way of life of the different characters of the film , ( sunny , idyllic and carefree for lazybones and unsettled and windy for the women ) .
the decisive importance of the background shows an european influence , especially from the danes and swedes .
the film is also an excellent example of the herr borzage mastery of storytelling and pacing .
technical effects , flashbacks and camera movements are combined in such an imperceptible manner that the audience can feel and sense the inexorable passing of time in an elegant , sad but beautiful way ... , this german count , who lacks some of the common human feelings , still thinks that makes for poetry , does n't it ?
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must go stretch .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien

1
the title character , lazybones ( buck jones ) , was named this because he 's a ridiculous caricature when it comes to his sleeping all the time and being incredibly lazy .
i did n't like this concept , as it just seemed very unreal .
however , i did love his character later in the film when he showed he was more than just a one-dimensional guy .
while fishing , he sees a woman trying to drown herself in the river ( zasu pitts ) .
it seems she 's feeling desperate -- she married a sailor who has since died and she 's now stuck with his baby .
her family does n't know and she anticipates that her nasty mother will reject her and the kid ( in an ' i told you so ' moment ) -- hence she threw herself in the river .
lazybones takes pity on her and agrees to take the kid home and raise it himself agrees never to tell anyone who the real mother is .
time passes and the child grows up in a nasty town where the other kids enjoy tormenting her because of her lowly birth .
but despite this , she is a nice kid and grows to be a lovely woman .
however , lazybones does n't see this transformation , as he 's off in the war and when he returns he sees her in all her glory .
he almost instantly falls in love with her ( which is icky considering that he raised her ) and plans on asking for her to marry him .
but another man , much younger , has already won her heart and nice ` ol lazybones is left with his unrequited love .
the film is very lovingly filmed and the director ( frank borzage ) did a great job with the material .
the acting , likewise , was quite good .
i just could n't get past how one-dimensional some of the characters seemed ( not just lazybones but pitts ' mother ) as well as the creepy notion of a guy wanting to marry a girl he raised .
still , it is a nice little film ... if a bit odd .

1
this film is a virtual remake of ` sortie ' , perhaps making it the first self-referential movie .
instead of the workers streaming out of the factory , we have fellow cinematograph specialists disembarking a liner for a congress .
instead of workers silently doing their masters ' bidding , we have colleagues , friends , peers , fearlessly greeting the camera as equals .
this is a film about film - the walk with their cameras ; this film was immediately for viewing at the conference .
already , the lumieres ' desire to ` objectively ' record the world has turned into a naval-gazing admission of defeat , of the impossibility of objectivity untainted by subjectivity or ideology .
godard once suggested that the most honest film would be of a camera recording itself in a mirror .
this film is an early grasping of what he means .

1
only a couple of years after the scary documentary ` d'un train ' , and the cinema 's gone all freudian on us .
the camera watches as a train emerges from a tunnel , towards which it then moves , placed as it is on the engine .
this documentary shot cuts to a flagrantly artificial set , as a bourgeois couple sit among their many purchases , on their way home after a day 's shopping .
in public ( out shopping ) and in private ( at home ) they must keep up a rigid , victorian , bourgeois facade .
in a train , though , in a dark tunnel , they are allowed brief liberty , as the husband kisses a protesting , though not unwilling wife , before propriety returns with the daylight .
this film is given extra frisson by the knowledge that the couple are played by the director and his wife .
this kind of equation of trains with sex would become a cliche , most wittily used by hitchcock in films like ` the 39 steps ' , ` the lady vanishes ' and ` north by northwest ' .
where this film scores is in its paradoxical awareness - the natural desires of a married couple find expression in an ` artificial ' setting , which expresses a truer reality ; while the repressive , artificial world of codes , strictures and taboos are equated with the ` natural ' , when , of course , they are anything but .
the film also links the train , the cinema and sex , the idea of being in the dark and letting your fantasies take off away from society ; the difference between public and private blurred by new technologies .

1
this comic short has a similar plot to smith 's previous ` grandma 's reading glass ' - a male protagonist looks at the world through the eyes of an optical instrument .
where the visions of the first film , however , were appropriate to a young boy - curious , novel , fresh , surprising ways of looking at the world as if for the first time ( e.g . like the first cinema goers ) , the development of an individual consciousness as it were - the point of view in this film is typical of an aged lecher , as he at the incipient sexual tease performed by a man and a woman as he ties up her shoelace , slowly raising her long dress to reveal a titillating glimpse of leg .
the move here from the encyclopaedic to the sexual and voyeuristic may be symptomatic of the ` wrong ' turning taken by cinema , bemoaned by the likes of godard , away from a curious interest in the world to vulgar , voyeuristic , prurient .
but smith is no fool , and the clatter the receives from one of his ` victims ' is given to us too - we are no better than this pervert .
the set-up cries out for voyeurism - a distanced shot of an environment offers us a brief glimpse of the couple in the background - the only way we can learn more is with the aid of this man 's instrument , significantly more phallic that grandma 's female lens .
there is no distortion here , as was the case with the first film , but clarification , a feeling of being close to the action , but apart from it : enjoyment without risk , the dream of every voyeur .
in a sense , this simple plot - voyeur attacked by the man he spies on - foreshadows one of the great masterpieces of cinema and the ultimate analysis of cinematic voyeurism and the invasion of privacy , ` rear window ' .
the man 's instrument may be phallic , but it is and sterile , especially in comparison to the fertile sexual relations presumably to be enjoyed at a later date by the couple .
the cinematic gaze is already being made negative , anti-social , hidden , something to be punished , something unhealthy , anti-family , solitary .
the watcher must be watched , controlled , as the victim 's punitive action suggests .
but it 's not that simple .
the framing circle of the close-up is linked to the circles of the wheels and pedals of the bicycle , maybe even the circle of life that this courtship intimates , just as jeff 's voyeurism is framed against his reluctance to settle down with his girlfriend .
a surprisingly ambiguous , analytical piece of self-reflexive cinema .

1
it 's hard to rate a film on a scale of one to ten , when the film is only three minutes long , black and white , silent , but a historical reenactment of the execution of president mckinley 's assassin .
on a level of historical importance , this film probably deserves a ten , it is stunning to the viewer 's eye in the opening moments when we get to see the outside of the actual prison .
fade to the indoors of the prison , we are treated with some slow-moving action in the form of guards bringing leon czolgosz to his death .
i was under the impression that this film was of the actual execution when i first came across it , but a little reading lets us know it is a faithful reenactment .
it comes off as how you would imagine a real execution would look like , but is really only truly notable because of the people involved ( thomas edison and edwin s. porter ) and the impact they would make on endless films of the future .
in that case , the film is truly revolutionary , it is only three to four minutes long depending on how many frames per second you 're watching it at , so you can watch it without having to worry about it being a time-waster .
of course it is n't though , it 's a fascinating spectacle on many different levels .
execution of czolgosz with panorama of auburn prison -- -- - 8/10 .

1
this exciting rescue drama is a film milestone , the first to use an edited series of interlocking scenes to create a narrative .
one would have been blase about this in 1903 , never mind a century later ; look at the early films consecutively , however , noticing how they develop basic film grammar , and the effect is thrilling , cutting from the fireman and victim moving from inside the house to outside on the ladder , a telling glimpse of cinema 's power and immediacy .
the plot 's simple enough - a house goes on fire and the firemen come to quench it and rescue the inhabitants .
the fascination lies in the details .
the way the fire 's smoke swirls and obscures the view , a subversive element that undermines cinema 's clarity , it 's claim to record things - the firemen are not just extinguishing a fire , or restoring order , the primacy of property and family , but retrieving cinema 's purpose , which here betrays interesting tensions .
the preparations of the firemen , laborious because the engine is still horse-drawn , and the animals are a little stroppy - the proud of a very phallic wheeled ladder is startling , suggesting that hazards to the social order can only be solved by the men that run it .
the gallop through gorgeous turn of the 20th century brighton streets , eerily old ( to us ) and empty , the horses speeding towards the camera before veering to avoid it .
the fire itself - the not very patriarchal hysteria of the father who just cries like a big girl without doing anything practical , particularly surprising when we discover he has a wife and child .
after he is rescued he waits in panic for someone : when his child is brought out and restored to him , the or ( sic ?
) of the father is unusual for the period .
we assume his wife is dead , as he wanders off the screen , removing his child from the bourgeois that suddenly became so treacherous .
when we see the wife rescued to her family 's general indifference , it 's shocking .
the breach in the film 's form from the documentary-like preparations and rescue , and the flagrant artifice of the interior settings and the wild overacting results in an interesting tension that filmmakers like murnau , welles and godard would later explore , and which echoes the film 's ideological tensions , the vulnerability of the bourgeois myth .
rounding off this brilliant film is the closing scene , a long shot of the smoking house with the firemen below it .
there appears to be a huge peeling of the wall 's paint , suggesting the house 's age , which is visually startling , a visual violence matching the destructive fire .
we discover that this is actually water from the hose - so that the saviours within the narrative create a breach in the film 's form .

1
it 's hard to assign `` the great train robbery `` a rating , as it should n't really be watched as a film the way we watch films now .
but from a historical perspective , it 's fascinating , and is an excellent example of the use of film editing , an art form then in its infancy and now an award category recognized every year at the oscars .
before this movie , it was n't customary to tell multiple story lines simultaneously , but here , various activities going on in different locations are intercut to create suspense .
d.w. griffith would use this technique much more ambitiously ( and combine it with many other developing film techniques ) in `` the birth of a nation `` over ten years later , but credit must be given to `` train robbery `` for blazing a trail .
also , this is the movie famous for the shot of an outlaw shooting a gun directly at the camera .
i ca n't imagine what effect this had on audiences at the time , who were probably diving behind their chairs for cover .
grade : a

1
it is reported to be the first use of narrative in a film in this country , and it is certainly the first `` western `` film .
all other cops and robbers films sprang from this one .
it is short .
depending upon where you see it ( youtube , google , etc ) , it can run from nine to 11 minutes , and some have color painted in .
it was not about `` stars `` as no one is credited in the film , not even the director .
it is about an infant industry showing what they can do and what we can maybe expect in the next 100 years .
hard to believe how far we have come from this start .
it will keep your interest from start to finish , which is more than can be said about many films today .
any serious film lover has to add this to their list .

1
the great train robbery is still a solid movie a century after it was first created .
admittedly , the plot is simple , the characters are flat ( although the bandit that shot into the audience is a nice touch ) , and the technology is primitive .
despite this , its hard to truly fault the film for anything .
in its time , it would have been near the top of every category .
it did what it was meant to do : be an exciting recreation of a train robbery .
the visual quality was good ; add some color and you could mistake it for a film in the 70 's .
the shooting scenes are really laughable by today standards though .
considering that its only 12 minutes long , its one of those films that everyone should see .
it is a fine little western ; while age has weakened its grandness , is still an enjoyable watch .

1
the great train robbery is a film that could be known as the first western film ever .
the actors and the crew are the pioneers of the genre of movies .
this film was quite interesting to watch .
it has no sound but it 's hand gestures , and their actions told the story .
a classic tale !
i was almost upset how the train robbers almost stole everything but in the end , they are shot by the sheriff and the rest of his crew .
they saved the day .
i recommend this movie for those who love classic movies of the silent era , or even western film lovers !

1
this movie is one of the first narrative shot movie , with scenes that all add up to each other and are used to tell a story with in a linear way .
quite unique for early 1900 's standards .
back in that time period , only short sequences were always shot , mostly documentary style .
it was never really used as a tool to tell a imaginary story with .
it however is not just one of the very first narrative movies but also one of the earliest , if not earliest western-movie .
the storytelling is really great , though the story and movie itself is absolutely simple .
it 's just basically about a bunch of bandits who rob a train and the passengers on it .
is the movie itself really that good to watch ?
i do n't think so .
it 's very simplistic but it remains interesting to watch nevertheless because the movie gives you a feeling , for the entire running time , that what you 're watching at the moment is unique , revolutionary and historically important , for the further influence on the future of modern cinema .
in that regard this movie is a great classic must-see for the movie lovers - and buffs .
the movie is fast paced with some action as well .
the movie features a chase and a couple of gun fights , with a great classic last shot .
it makes the movie perhaps more spectacular to watch than you at first sight would expect , from a movie made in 1903 .
really not the greatest classic movie to watch but historically very interesting and unique and for that reason an absolute must-see .
8/10 http : //bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

1
even with a runtime of barely 12 minutes , director edwin s. porter 's `` the great train robbery `` stands as a milestone of the history of cinema and the film that set the basis for the narrative elements that would be developed further by d. w. griffith and other future filmmakers .
along with the work by french director georges mã©liã¨s ( whom porter owes more than a few tricks ) , porter 's film continues cinema 's evolution from mere plays captured on film towards a full-fledged form of art in its own way .
the film is the story of a gang of four criminals ( broncho billy , justus d. barnes , john manus dougherty and frank hanaway ) and their attempt to rob a train .
after they succeed on their crime a little girl ( mary snow ) discovers them and notifies the sheriff ( a.c. ) , who decides to capture the criminals .
of course , the plot is probably a very simple story by today 's standards , but it was something never seen before on its time , and it marked the birth of the western film genre .
the plot is told in a normal linear way , however , with this film porter crafted the first important narrative film in the u.s. and gave the american industry the impulse needed to grow up .
after learning many of his tricks from mã©liã¨s ' films , porter combines everything he learned and develops many editing techniques that would help in the evolution of cinema as a narrative art .
while many of the scenes are still shot in a way similar to plays , it introduces shots where the camera plays an important role , being more than just a way to capture the action and becoming an active factor in the creation of the scene itself .
while it 's technical advances are on enormous importance , `` the great train robbery `` also introduced one of the very first movie stars in history : broncho bill .
probably this film is not the best way to appreciate his talent , but it was just the beginning of the western as a genre and of broncho bill 's career as film 's most successful cowboy .
probably justs d. barnes was not as lucky as bill , but the final shot in `` the great train robbery `` is nowadays an iconic image of silent films and the best remembered scene of the short film .
while d. w. griffith is considered the first proper filmmaker , it 's very interesting and awe-inspiring to watch the films that led to cinema as we know it .
like mã©liã¨s ' works , porter 's films were of tremendous influence due to the many techniques he combined , changing forever the conception of cinema and turning it in an art on its own right .
`` the great train robbery `` , the first western film ever made , it 's a landmark that everyone interested in the history of film-making must give a look .
8/10

1
as the title of this summary states , this is one of the oldest films i 've ever seen .
but that does n't take away from how well it was made .
it 's probably the best film of the ' 00s and you 'll probably agree with me about that .
the plot is very simple , yet it 's very interesting too .
a clerk at a train station is held up by four bandits who are trying to rob a train .
they tie up the clerk and threaten the train operator .
then they take all the money from the train .
meanwhile , a little girl finds the clerk and warns the sheriff .
he forms a posse and an incredible climax occurs .
the last shot of the film is probably the most memorable and it 's been imitated many times .
i wo n't give it away because the film is so good , but i 'll say that when you see it , you 'll probably find yourself thinking that you can remember seeing that before .
the director , edwin s. porter , was more influential to me than d.w. griffith .
so that 's saying a lot about him because griffith is sometimes considered to be the father of full length feature films .
but i still say porter is up there with the best .
enjoy the great train robbery .

1
... or when a posse already has shot your colleague half a minute ago , and is about ten seconds behind you with bigger guns and more men .
but the edison company was known primarily as a bunch favored by the courts to cut through all other american film companies of its day like the shark in jaws , bribing judges left and right to get all competitors put out of business , according to the talking head expert on the dvd on which i found this nearly 12-minute long robbery .
connecting scenes in a way that made sense , having people shot dead drop in a timely fashion ( as opposed to hamming it up and staggering around for five minutes mouthing the words , `` woe is me , i 've been shot good and dead `` ) , having the motivations for people 's actions clearly visible ( rather than thinking since the mounted police ball features guys who carry guns , half of them should be shown shooting at their coworkers ' feet on the dance floor ) might seem common sensical necessities for attracting audiences -- but the courts said , `` mr. edison , since you invented the light bulb , you 're a more respected robber baron than rockefeller , who just luckily found oil like jed clampett , so go ahead and exhibit any thoughtless tripe you want , and we 'll make sure that people have to pay you to see a movie , because we will put all of your competitors out of business in exchange for your cash .
otherwise , quality and people 's choice would determine what 's on the big screen , but we came up with the idea of ` copyright ' to prevent such a liberal idea ! ``

1
though filmmakers had been toying with synchronised sound for almost as long as motion pictures have existed -- william dickson 's ` dickson experimental sound film ( 1894 ) ' is a remarkable piece of cinema history -- audiences did n't get their first feature film until ` the jazz singer ' in 1927 .
why , then , would the `` cinemagician `` turn his attention so early towards a short film based around music ?
viewed today , and often presented in complete silence , the two-minute film seems to be lacking a certain rhythm , regardless of its visual triumphs .
but , of course , i am , once again , underestimating the resourcefulness of these early filmmakers , as georges mã©liã¨s usually accompanied his films with a live musical performance and spoken narration .
my viewing of ` le / the ( 1904 ) ' -lcb- also known as ` the music lover ' -rcb- was today supplemented by carlos gardel and alfredo le pera 's `` por una cabeza , `` a 1935 tango basically chosen at random from my music collection .
much as he did six years earlier in ` un homme de tãªtes / the four troublesome heads ( 1898 ) , ' mã©liã¨s uses this brief gimmick film to show off his talent for visual effects , employing extensive substitution cuts , multiple exposures and cross-fades to create the illusion of real magic .
the plot is simple enough : a music teacher ( our usual host , mr. mã©liã¨s himself ) begins to show his students how to play music , but wo n't settle for writing down the notes on a small piece of paper .
instead , he fashions the music notes out of his own head ( yes , you heard correctly !
) , removing his skull from its proper position and tossing it upwards at the telegraph wires above him , where it sticks in the appropriate place .
immediately , a new head appears on the teacher 's shoulders , and the process is repeated several times .
as the band marches off , presumably playing the aforementioned music , the multiple heads are still swivelling about in their places .
the film 's ending is one of the absolute finest i 've seen from the director , and was obviously a product of his former experience as a magician .
with the stage empty except for the extant heads , mã©liã¨s performs a majestic coup de grã¢ce when they are suddenly transformed into live birds , which flutter gracefully across the set .
interestingly , the musical notes form the opening of `` god save the king , `` an interesting choice for the french filmmaker .
` the ' is an interesting mã©liã¨s short in many ways .
though not quite as revolutionary as his earlier efforts , as most of the techniques seen here can be glimpsed in earlier films , it is nonetheless an admirable attempt to add some `` music `` to silent cinema .
give me a video camera , and i 'd probably be unable to reproduce the visual effects , which are while maintaining a sense of fun about them .

1
this is one of melies ' most unusual shorts in which he portrays a music teacher who is trying to teach his students some harmony by having various heads of his representing notes on a large series of lines above him .
i 've always wondered how those various heads keep popping up from his body like that .
in the documentary film , the magic of melies , i found out georges stops film in camera , covers his head with a black sheet to match the background , then starts film again .
of course , any technical problems are fixed in editing .
the way short ends with all those musical flying around is one of the most awesome sights i 've seen in silent movies .
by all means , seek the music lover out !

1
georges melies puts together an amazing ( for its time ) narrative about a prince and princess kept apart by a scheming witch , and the prince is thrust into a journey to rescue the princess by traveling through and receiving assistance from neptune , the god of the sea , and his cohorts .
the entire film , at least the print i saw , is hand-painted , , and it 's simply amazing .
the costumes , sets , backdrops , props , model work , and special effects are all superb not only for its time but for the entire silent era .
the framing and composition of scenes is superior and the acting is more than acceptable , considering the exaggerated mannerisms which were already creeping into films at the time followed by more of an of them in the two decades to come .
the color is reminiscent of illustrations in books , which appeared in the early decades of the twentieth century , and it adds greatly to the elements portrayed in the film .
melies expertly weaves his narrative utilizing all of the aforementioned elements in expert fashion .
*** of 4 stars .

1
following on the heels of his hugely important a trip to the moon , georges mã©liã¨s directed this feature .
like its predecessor it was another narrative film .
it was one of several that the director made that fell into the fairy tale category .
a princess is abducted by a witch and a gallant prince embarks on quest to save her .
his adventure takes him to the ocean floor where he encounters fairies from the court of neptune and is subsequently taken on a journey inside a giant whale .
he then battles the witch and her minions in the final conflict .
there is a lot of great imagery here and it exists in a great colour tinted print .
the fantastical underwater world is particularly nice .
there are a lot of different sets for a film of this age .
many of them are quite elaborate and detailed .
like other films of the time it has no inter-titles , so it would n't be very easy knowing exactly what is going on without a narrator .
fortunately there are versions of this with a voice-over , which was how the feature was meant to be presented in any case .
but even without this it is consistently very interesting visually and is a great little fantasy adventure .
mã©liã¨s was easily the most important director of the earliest years of cinema and this feature quite clearly indicates why .

1
despite the tongue-in-cheek film-school analysis of the films in the movies begin dvd set by ms. and the amiable and seemingly unsophisticated enthusiasms of snow leopard , these films retain a fascination for those of us who are interested in old films for their own sakes .
for those of us who are not fascinated by history , it is still interesting to see that there was cinema before , say , adam sandler ... and to see things done for the first time is always interesting .
there is a freshness about the first time that sophistication can not repeat .
but we can also appreciate these films on their own terms , and further , in their ability to engage us today .
it is interesting to put oneself in the mind of someone a hundred years ago , and , given the short lengths of these pieces , thirty seconds can give us a complete film ... and is that such a great investment ?
if we can appreciate the works of sophocles and and shakespeare , why can we not admire the work done by mr. g.a . smith ?
and , speaking from a historical viewpoint , smith 's work is amazing , since he seems to have invented the ` grammar of cinema ' as lilian gish claimed d.w. griffith did , ten years before griffith set foot on a movie stage !
true , his compositions are not as sophisticated as griffith 's , but smith was an experimental film-maker , while griffith was trying to use the results of those experiments .
he tells little stories that , because of their subject matters , often do not age well .
well then , they are stuck in their times .
this year ( 2002 ) saw a new film production of the importance of being ernest , filled , as comedies of manners usually are , by people who would be spending their time in medical wards under heavy dosages of drugs in today 's world .
yet we can laugh at oscar wilde 's comedy and can , i hope , take pleasure from mr. smith 's .

1
i saw the library of congress print of ` the haunted hotel ' .
here 's an american movie that 's clearly inspired by the french ` trick ' films of georges melies .
but whereas melies relied on slapstick comedy and pretty girls from the folies bergere , this movie is more sombre .
after some early camera tricks , it seems meant actually to frighten us !
imdb 's synopsis is accurate .
the furniture and the traveller 's clothes seem to be bewitched : the tricks are accomplished with jump cuts and some early stop-motion animation .
the hapless traveller is played by paul panzer , who would later portray the villain in ` the perils of pauline ' .
panzer was somewhat in real life ; here , as the traveller in ` the haunted hotel ' , he wears a putty nose so long and sharp that its effect is alienating ; it looks more like a heron 's bill than a human nose .
perhaps the alienation was intentional ; maybe the makers of this film did n't want us to empathise with the victim of these hauntings .
i was intrigued that panzer is shown in close shot , whilst melies 's very similar movies were nearly always filmed in long shot .
spoilers coming .
although this movie might seem quite innocent , i do n't recommend it for very young children .
at the very end of the movie , as the traveller attempts to go to sleep , the frame is suddenly invaded by a rather hideous and demon in extreme close-up : the effect is frightening rather than funny .
also , the demon 's presence seems to imply that there 's no escape from the haunted hotel .
the natural ugliness of actor william , as the demon , only adds to the shock of that final coup de cinema .
i 'll rate this clever movie 8 out of 10 ... but do n't let very young children watch that ending !

1
if you are a lover of the history of cinema , then fantasmagorie is an absolute must -- particularly if you are interested in animation .
that 's because this short little film is the first animated film and considering everything , it 's a darn good one .
instead of the usual structure , style and narrative , this film is rather unique and free-flowing .
a series of drawings morph and change with no apparent rhyme or reason .
in many ways , it 's more like a work of art than a traditional cartoon and it 's all done in black and white .
it must have taken a very , very long time to make and for 1908 , it 's an incredible little film .
sure , films made just a few years later would make this seem obsolete , but given the context , it 's a grand little film .

1
i just got this dvd set and also read the liner notes and the status of the unknown actress .
but is obviously played by lottie pickford , the actress sister of superstar , mary pickford .
check out photos of lottie pickford on various web sites .
griffith is the most important director in the history of american films .
that he was considered hopelessly old fashioned by the dawn on talkies is irrelevant .
his early short films helped set the tone for the look and feel and attitudes toward indians , cowboys , the american west , the civil war , etc . .
while this film ( at 15 minutes ) is not dramatically moving , it is important as an early look at griffith 's love of and attitudes toward history .
even in 1909 he was not afraid of portraying the settlers as `` conquerors `` any more than he was afraid to take an honest look at our civil war period in the birth of a nation in 1915 .

1
this solemn little tale is often held up as one of the more remarkable biograph westerns .
while griffith predominantly treated native americans sympathetically ( albeit patronisingly so ) the red man 's view , as the title suggests , differs in that it tells a story solely from the indian perspective .
what is really interesting is how he uses physical arrangements to show this point of view and the protagonists ' plight .
the white men appear over the hillside as a kind of characterless swarm -- an impersonal force , rather than a group of individuals .
the indians on the other hand advance slowly across the landscape in single file , dignified , each one an individual .
this is one of griffith 's first really great outdoor pictures .
the vast empty spaces allow for maximum impact as actors approach us from the distance .
this use of depth had a massive influence on charlie chaplin -- think of how many times the little tramp entered or exited a scene over a great distance , all the better to show off that unique walk .
in the final scenes the wind howls across the wasteland -- a great bit of atmospherics that was pioneering for its time .
1909 was a period of incredibly speedy development in griffith 's style and competence .
we go from nonsense like the voice of the violin and what drink did earlier in the year , to this simple yet stylish piece of storytelling .
however , the best was yet to come with griffith 's very next picture -- a corner in wheat .

1
even though biograph would limit him to one-reelers , dw griffith had ambitions to move on to longer films .
once or twice before this he had followed a short up with a sequel to be released a week later , but this is his first genuine two-parter , making a full , coherent story .
although biograph insisted it be released as two shorts , many theatre owners cottoned on and showed it as one film .
wisely , griffith chose to expand upon a story he had made a loose adaptation of before , enoch arden having been the inspiration for 1910 's the unchanging sea .
covering a lengthy timescale , the material is also perfectly suited to a longer running time .
griffith clearly realised that if cinema was going to flourish as a serious and unique storytelling medium , it would not only have to develop in how it conveyed information visually , but also become more subtle and naturalistic .
around the time of enoch arden he was really striving to perfect this , and the two parts are like a showcase for everything he had developed so far .
griffith opens by introducing each of the three main characters with a single title revealing their name only , followed by a shot for each which serves as a brief yet meaningful introduction .
then , without resorting to another title card , he sets up the love triangle with just some careful positioning of the three actors we have just met .
this economy of expression would later be taken up and developed by cecil b. demille and john ford .
the use of props by actors to reveal character or emotion is also beginning to develop .
in the scene where annie lee watches enoch 's boat disappear over the horizon , she stops to wipe the lens of the spyglass -- perhaps to see the boat clearer , perhaps also to wipe away a tear .
griffith was also beginning to develop the emotional impact of his camera work .
he had around this time been experimenting by throwing in the occasional functional close-up to clarify an object or action .
here however , in the scene where annie gives enoch the baby 's curl , he briefly moves the camera closer to the actors .
the close-up is not to explain the action , it is to draw the audience into it and makes us involved in this poignant moment .
this is a really important breakthrough .
please see also my comment for enoch arden part ii .

1
this story is a slight reworking of an early d. w. griffith short , the unchanging sea .
while both films are short , this remake is significantly longer and allows for a much fuller and more interesting tale .
it 's interesting that the movie is broken into two sections here on imdb , as i saw them both together as one film .
a man goes to sea and is shipwrecked -- leaving his wife to raise their two small kids .
many years pass and she holds out hope that he 'll return .
again and again through the years , a friend offers to marry her .
only after her kids have grown does she agree .
a short time later , the husband is rescued and returns !
how exactly this is handled , you 'll have to see for yourself .
part i concerns the marriage , his going to sea and the shipwreck .
part ii concerns life after this up until his return .

1
this is mabel normand 's eight film .
however except for a couple of films where she plays extras , and d.w. griffith 's melodrama `` saved from himself `` this is , i believe , the earliest film that survives of her in a staring role .
it is a great example of her being vivacious , adorable and bubbly in one of her first important comedies .
it is also the 18th film of john bunny .
he is a charles laughton lookalike , who is considered one of the first great movie screen comedians .
he was around sixty years old when he became a movie star .
this is basically a two comedy .
bunny is a businessman father and mabel plays betty , his lovable daughter .
the first practical joke is betty getting her girlfriend to be daddy 's secretary .
the secretary sprays perfume on all his papers and tries to make out with him .
the second practical joke has betty getting her boyfriend to put on a wig and old man 's outfit and apply for the job of daddy 's secretary .
this movie relies more on situation comedy than slapstick .
there are a couple of wonderful shots with mabel in the deep background and bunny in the foreground that are quite interesting .
the movie is amusing enough to still bring a chuckle or two and one can easily see why john bunny was a star at this time and mabel normand was about to be .

1
entertaining early film , directed by d.w. griffith ; `` representing the manipulation of the third degree - the fallacy of circumstantial evidence `` !
herein , the third degree is issued to young burglar robert harron , who protests so loudly `` i did n't do it ! ``
you can almost hear him shout .
the set-up is terrific : weak brother henry b. walthall lives with older and stronger lionel barrymore .
meanwhile , burglar harron is goaded by older crook harry carey to go out and rob somebody .
he will go to rob barrymore .
but , before he gets there , a drunken walthall has had enough of brother barrymore , and pops him one .
when harron arrives to rob the place , walthall decides to frame harron for the murder of his brother .
to wit , walthall leaves harron locked in the house , and runs for the police .
so , griffith sets out to prove what he calls , `` the fallacy of circumstantial evidence . ``
the film is a lot of fun - especially in the performances of harron , walthall , and barrymore .
the gish sisters have a cameo .
note how griffith sets up a parallel between the two sets of men .
`` the burglar 's dilemma `` ends a little too quickly , and gives away too much , but it 's still excellent .
******** the burglar 's dilemma ( ) d.w. griffith ~ robert harron , henry b. walthall , lionel barrymore

1
one of d.w. griffith 's earliest works while still at biograph .
really shows the inventiveness and desire to go further by griffith , which would lead to works such as the birth of a nation and intolerance .
shows some early techniques that griffith was experimenting with such as cross-cutting , close-ups , and outdoor filming .
the girl and her trust is a great representation of early 20th century film by one of the best directors ever , d.w. griffith .

1
iola 's promise is a griffith two-reeler that is a western romance undoubtedly inspired by madame butterfly .
mary pickford stars as an indian princess who is kidnapped by cutthroats .
screaming as one of them tries to have his way with her , iola 's cries are heard by gold prospector alfred paget , who rescues her ( basically he just shows up and the other guy runs away ! !
) , takes her to his cabin , and feeds her .
iola , initially frightened by paget , falls in love with him immediately ( this is a two-reeler , folks ) but the kindly `` white man `` has a sweetie already and sends her back to her tribe .
paget quizzes iola if she has ever found any gold nuggets in the area and she says no but promises to give any she finds to him .
shortly after iola returns to her tribe , the tribe learn of a wagon train in the area .
while iola is away searching for the `` yellow nuggets `` , the indians attack the wagon train and take some of the members hostage , including dorothy bernard , who happens to be paget 's fiancã©e .
when iola returns to the tribe she is horrified to find the `` cross heart `` people tied to a tree presumably soon to be killed .
iola decides to loosen their ropes and take the dorothy 's hat and coat and run wearing them so the tribe will think one of the whites is getting away .
the tribesmen all run after iola and when they are gone , the dorothy and the white man run free .
iola is shot and is left to die , when stumbling she happens upon a gold nugget .
paget happens upon her as she is dying and she gives him the gold piece , keeping her promise .
this little melodrama is n't much but mary pickford gives it her all and is moving as the little indian princess .
alfred paget , one of the less remembered griffith regular players , is quite good as the handsome young prospector .
future stars robert harron and antonio moreno have bits but they are difficult to spot ( cast as a white settler and an indian respectively ) but character actress kate price is easily spotted as the indian matron .

1
this competent biograph short is probably best-known for being the screen writing debut of the acclaimed anita loos .
it 's also incredibly well acted and directed with confidence by dw griffith .
as well as being her last , this is perhaps the best performance by mary pickford in a biograph short .
you can see why she would later soar to superstardom by playing young girls .
here , at twenty , she plays what we would assume is a girl in her mid-teens , and looks more convincingly that age than when she first worked for griffith at sixteen .
she had a real gift for portraying innocence .
griffith makes the most of her abilities and moves the camera in close on her face at key moments .
it 's also nice to see lionel barrymore in a lead role .
although he was an established stage actor , on the screen he really had yet to prove himself in anything other than a series of somewhat silly character parts .
in the new york hat however he shows himself to be a fine screen player , playing the preacher with subtlety and dignity .
he too gets the full benefit of griffith 's camera .
you get the feeling that by now griffith could do this sort of drama standing on his head .
the easy movement between standard three-quarter shot and mid-shot is by now totally natural .
but really , this is pickford , barrymore and , of course loos ' show , and for the most part griffith just sits back and lets them get on with it .
loos has written a strong story , although in many ways this is very typical biograph fare , so i assume she was deliberately trying to write something in the biograph style .
still it makes for an entertaining little film , and fortunately it was highly regarded enough to have been given two superb and well-cast leads .

1
this is a short by d. w. griffith that stars both mary pickford and lionel barrymore ( though , like other biograph shorts , there are no credits listed on the film ) .
it 's worth seeing just for these stars so early in their careers .
a lady dies and makes the nice preacher ( barrymore ) to promise to carry out her wish that he buy something nice for her daughter out of some money she has saved from her no-good husband .
the nice daughter sees a really awful and gaudy hat in the window of a shop and wants it ( the hat was actually `` tasteful `` for 1911 -- it looks awful today and very tacky ) .
so , to fulfill his trust , the preacher buys her the hat anonymously .
however , some dried up old prunes see it and begin spreading malicious rumors .
but , by the end of the film , the old biddies get theirs ! !
by the way , on the wall of the home is the american biograph logo ( the studio making the film ) .
this occasionally appears on some other biograph shorts and must be some sort of inside joke -- after all , who has this `` ab `` logo on their walls as part of their decorating scheme ? !

1
this short drama serves as a good example of what d.w. griffith could achieve when he and his biograph troupe were in their prime .
the story is simple yet involving , and is told with a minimum of title cards .
the acting is notably restrained ( especially compared with most films made concurrently ) , and we never get the sense that any of the performers are exaggerating , playing to the camera or `` milking it . ``
for the most part griffith photographs his actors head-on and never indulges himself in any showy camera angles or flashy editing , for this is n't a story that calls for dazzling technique .
in the final scenes a simple lighting effect , meant to suggest the first rays of the rising sun , is used to good dramatic effect , but it 's the performances that move us , and that would be true if we were watching this same story enacted on stage .
in this short drama griffith 's greatest contribution was to coax sensitive performances from his players and then simply to keep out of their way .
the story concerns two young couples , one poor and one rich , who marry at about the same time and each `` vow to follow the straight path . ``
we trace the fortunes of each couple as they hit a patch of bad road : the poor husband ca n't find a job despite repeated attempts , while the rich husband is offered a tempting bribe by a local railway company .
when the poor couple is threatened with eviction for non-payment of rent the man finally yields to temptation and attempts to burglarize the home of the wealthy couple .
the wife catches him in the act but in so doing becomes aware of her own husband 's complicity in dirty dealing .
without revealing the ending i 'll suggest that some viewers may find it sentimental and not entirely credible , but all i can add is that it is played with 100 % commitment by the actors and leaves us with a glimmer of hope for the characters ' future .
( considering how many biograph dramas end in tragedy , i must say this came as something of a relief .
) the actors are uniformly excellent but special mention should go to dorothy bernard , who plays the `` poor `` wife .
she had a highly expressive , readable face and beautiful eyes , and conveys a great deal without overplaying .
we can only wonder why she did n't become one of the top biograph stars , like mary pickford or lillian gish .
based on the evidence here , at least , she was a gifted actress .
one last note : content aside , i 'd have to say that this little movie bears one of griffith 's best-ever titles , right up there with what shall we do with our old ?
and the birth of a nation .
that is , once you see this one listed in griffith 's filmography you immediately want to know what it 's about .
in this case , happily , the content more than satisfies our curiosity : in its own modest way , one is business , the other crime is one of griffith 's most satisfying biograph dramas .

1
watching this amusing 1912 biograph romance , it is noticeable to see that by now , griffith has accepted mary 's theory about natural acting .
she is very much at ease and relaxed playing the typical griffith ingã©nue .
the difference is in her performance .
she is so natural , it does not even look as though she is acting .
from the amazing and fetching closeup at the beginning , to all the simple gestures , she displays a completely believable character .
this also seems to have rubbed off on all the other actors , with each giving a personality to their own characters .
also noticeable , is the advancement and improvement of the biograph 's cinematography techniques .
lovely outdoor shots and closeups , make this an enjoyable film for anyone interested in the art of early silent films .
it should also be noted , that this film is nearing the end of mary pickford 's career with biograph .

1
` cohen saves the flag ' is a very early keystone comedy , one of several starring ford sterling as a scruffy coward named izzy cohen .
all of the instalments in the ` cohen ' series feature some humour based on jewish stereotypes , which has dated badly ; fortunately , these films also have clever storylines and slapstick gags , so ( with the possible exception of ` cohen collects a debt ' ) these films are still funny in spite of some ( arguably ) anti-semitic content .
all of the other ` cohen ' shorts are set in the contemporary present ; ` cohen saves the flag ' izzy cohen to 1861 in order to put him in a civil war setting .
the keystone comedies were filmed on the cheap , but keystone 's directors often employed the clever device of filming their actors in front of some elaborate public event , thus enhancing a quickie movie 's production values .
the best-known examples of this are the soapbox derby by chaplin 's tramp in ` kid auto races at venice ' and the parade in ' a busy day ' .
for ` cohen saves the flag ' , ingeniously , producer/director mack sennett was able to piggyback on the filming of ` battle of gettysburg ' , an elaborate civil war drama produced by thomas ince .
( ince 's big-budget dramas and mack sennett 's low-budget comedies were both bankrolled by the same financiers , so keystone actually had permission to shoot ` cohen saves the flag ' on the sidelines of ince 's war film !
) in the opening scene ( which unconvincingly depicts 1861 ) , cohen ( ford sterling ) and his rival goldberg ( henry lehrman ) are competing for the affections of dainty mabel normand .
the men resolve their differences intelligently by poking each other 's eyes and biting each other 's ears .
i suspect that there was meant to be some ethnic subtext here : ie , supposedly , jews fight ` dirty ' ... but in fairness , there are many keystone comedies that feature dirty fighting among characters .
anyway , i laughed heartily while these two ` jewish ' characters and gnashed each other .
suddenly the civil war breaks out .
mostly to impress mabel , cowardly cohen enlists in the union army and somehow receives a sergeant 's stripes .
goldberg enlists too ... and becomes a lieutenant , with cohen under his command .
gleefully , lieutenant goldberg sends cohen into battle , confident that he 'll get killed .
the battlefield sequences in this cheapjack comedy are genuinely impressive ; mack sennett ( underrated as a director ) manages to frame the action so that ince 's costume extras in the background actually seem to be in the same movie as the keystone clowns in the foreground .
more by accident than anything else , cohen rescues a union flag during his terrified efforts to escape the cannon fire .
goldberg finds cohen guilty of desertion , and convenes a to shoot him .
the climax of this comedy - with some good work by normand - is unexpectedly exciting as well as funny .
ford sterling is now almost completely forgotten , which is a great shame .
he was an extremely talented and versatile comedian .
funny , too .
even people who are familiar with ford sterling 's work seldom realise how extremely * influential * he was on the work of later comedians .
harvey korman built an entire career out of imitating ford sterling .
you may have noticed that , whenever modern actors imitate silent-film comedians , they always do a little hop straight up into the air .
this cliche has been around at least as far back as 1928 's ` show people ' , a silent-film comedy * about * silent-film comedians .
but in fact , ford sterling was the silent-film comedian who * invented * this bit ... and the only one who consistently used it .
sterling had a vast repertory of gestures and facial expressions , which he used for expressing an astonishingly subtle range of emotions .
and sterling proved his ability as a dramatic actor in ` he who gets slapped ' , in which he had the great honour of applying makeup ( on-camera ) to lon chaney .
sterling successfully made the transition to roles ( notably as the white king in ` alice in wonderland ' ) , but an accident caused him to lose a leg , forcing his retirement and hastening his death .
i usually give low ratings to comedies that rely on ethnic or racial stereotypes , but there 's actually less of this in ` cohen saves the flag ' than you might expect , and the movie is very funny .
i 'll rate ` cohen saves the flag ' 8 out of 10 .

1
this d.w. griffith film is a comedy that makes fun of reformers that were common in the early 20th century .
it 's pretty funny stuff from a director not usually associated with comedy .
the film starts in a home where two young people are looking at what i assume is a dirty magazine ( by 1913 standards ) .
the strict and old fashioned looking father catches them and rebukes them for their evil ways .
soon , a group of community minded folk come to the house to ask him to run for office .
after a tiny bit of campaigning , you assume he won , as in the next scene the man and his posse of reformers are walking about town -- outlawing anything that looks like fun !
first , the bars are shut down , second dancing is forbidden and finally the theater is closed for showing immoral stuff ( shakespeare 's `` othello `` and a bit of innocent dancing ) .
in the meantime , because this nosy reformer is so busy telling everyone in town how to live their lives , his own kids run amok because they have no guidance .
when the man returns home , he finds one of his kids drunk and the other hiding in the closet with a member of the opposite sex !
while this is far from subtle , it was nice to see this film as a counterpoint to the man shorts i have seen that were made in the same era .
while you also do n't associate griffith with fun , he was making a point about how we all need to relax and have fun in life .
well acted and made by the standards of the day .

1
the battle at elderbrush gulch was griffith 's longest and most expensive short he had made up to that point .
in it we see him trying to perfect the large-scale action scene that would be necessary in his full-length features , packing in all the elements that had made his previous action shorts successful .
griffith uses the western format -- already the ideal backdrop for pure , straight-ahead action set pieces -- as the setting for his first epic battle .
like many westerns of the 1910s , the starting point is a character from the east heading out west -- a device which perhaps helped ease the audience into the wilderness , and here those easterners are a pair of children , which was important for the type of picture this develops into .
for griffith , you could n't have action without a sense of vulnerability and here he crams it in , with the kids from back east , lillian gish as the distraught mother of `` the only baby in town `` and even some puppies that are at risk of ending up on the indians ' menu .
all this paves the way for an exceedingly complex and layered action sequence , blending the trapped heroine scenario and the with the battles that griffith had been depicting since his earliest civil war pictures in 1909 .
there is a phenomenal amount going on here , and griffith does very well at maintaining the exhilarating pace throughout and keeping everything coherent and logical .
however , juggling x amount of elements in an action sequence does not necessarily make it that many times more exciting , no matter how skilfully they are balanced , and griffith did create better finales before and after this one .
but even a griffith picture so heavily focused on action would not be without its drama , characterisation and atmospherics .
in the battle at elderbrush gulch , the emotional set-up is dealt with briefly but economically .
first , we have the scene in which the waifs leave their home .
the cart they travel on heads away from the camera , making use of depth and distance to express their moving away from safety and civilization .
an equally effective scene is the one in which we are introduced to the young family of gish , bobby harron and their baby .
the people of the town coo over the precious tot , then saunter off screen , revealing that two indians were watching them from the background , adding a sinister little note of danger .
of course , many viewers today have pointed out the battle at elderbrush gulch 's offensive portrayal of native americans ( in contrast with the more sympathetic red man 's view ) , but perhaps all is not what it seems .
first of all , take a look at the indian chief 's son 's waistcoat -- it 's black and covered in shiny white dots .
it looks to me like a pearly king 's jacket , perhaps modified slightly for the warmer climate .
now have a look at the `` war dance `` they perform later on -- it has a certain `` mother brown `` air to it .
these are n't indians , they 're cockneys !
so it should n't be offensive to native americans .
just cockneys .

1
as inspector juve seems to be unable to put fantã´mas ( rene navarre ) behind bars the press comes up with the idea juve must be fantã´mas himself ... here we get a nice twist in the second half of the series ... the idea that juve is so inept that he must actually be fantomas ( or at the very least in league with him ) .
this creates the odd triangle of good guys , bad guys and the media -- and public opinion is a powerful thing .
while part three is probably the highlight of the series , part four is also rather strong and a great continuation .
definitely worth a viewing or three .

1
fantã´mas ( rene navarre ) has been arrested and is jailed in brussels , but inspector juve wants him arrested and sentenced for all his crimes in france ... after all his troubles , will juve finally get the master criminal ?
well now , i can not reveal that .
but i will say that this is an exciting conclusion and is possibly the finest film that was available in 1914 .
( i am not sure when -- if ever -- this debuted in the united states , but i am sure it would have gone over excellently with an american audience .
) i have nothing but praise for this whole series ... how it is not as well known as it should be is beyond me , and i will do whatever i can to promote it to those who enjoy silent film .

1
d.w. griffith fuses thomas bailey aldrich 's long poem of judith 's story with its basis in the apocrypha to derive this somewhat austere and powerful film of the widow 's noble sacrifice to save her besieged city and its inhabitants from an invading assyrian army , led by holofernes .
with judith as griffith 's first feature length effort , he turns away from the commercial needs of the biograph company , the management of which desires to maintain its policy of making only one and two reelers , and his expenditure of $ is double the amount budgeted , reflecting his expanded use of sets and extras and providing the requisite exercise in preparation for his next major work : birth of a nation , made as a free agent .
eighteen year old blanche sweet 's performance is striking as she utilizes all of her wide range of expressivity , uncommon in one so young , to mirror the emotions of a woman who is physically attracted to a man , henry walthall as holofernes , toward whom her only possible final act will be his death by her hand , as depicted in many a well-known painting .
the supporting cast serves the sparsely titled production well , with emotional performances from mae marsh and robert harron as endangered lovers , and among the many bit players who animate the work may be seen lionel barrymore , harry carey , antonio moreno and lillian and dorothy gish as victims of the invaders .
this version is the four reeler rather than the one of six reels released later and is griffith 's answer to the full-length epics which were being imported from europe ; its release was delayed a year by biograph to ensure that the director had left its employ , but this brought scant gain to the company : biograph was soon defunct , while griffith 's star was rising .

1
in 1914 , charlie chaplin was an obscure british vaudeville actor touring america when he walked into the keystone studios in california ... he then proceeded to crank out over 30 films in the following eleven months , sometimes making over two films a week , many of which he directed ... it was during this time that he adopted his classic tramp character , a real landmark moment in film history ... in his second film , `` kid auto races at venice , `` he simply improvised in front of a crowd watching a kid auto race in venice , california ... those in the crowd were completely unaware they were watching a superstar in the making and were probably just wondering who on earth he was ... in the haste to get the films out , negatives were destroyed , and maybe only twenty prints were made which were then duplicated -- those were then copied , and so on , so the films quickly got damaged ... movie theaters would often cut them down ( with no real expertise ) to save time , so whole scenes were lost ... some films even had different endings ... what were left were dozens of different versions of the same film ... they were even re-issued with new titles ... now , 91 years later , the british film institute , together with cineteca in bologna , italy , have been scouring the world 's archives and private collections for as many different versions as they could find and then painstaking reassembling a new master copy from all the different permutations , to bring them back as close as possible to the original version ...

1
if you have to see only one silent serial , then this is the one you have to see .
not because it is clearly the best one -- although it 's a lot of fun , there are others , such as feuillade 's les vampires with as good or even better claims -- but simply because it is a bunch of fun , and , more importantly , the wellspring from which all other movie serials , that cinematic art more fully lost to its makers than the movie musical -- the spring from which all serials sprang .
it has all the usual stuff of serials -- scary cliffhanging chapter ends , the intrepid hero and heroine , the awful , hissable villain , tearful deathbed scenes and a host of storied names : pearl white , crane wilbur , louis , george seitz ... who has not heard of the perils of pauline ?
and i will repeat in case you missed it : it 's a lot of fun .
in the original version it might not play well in one evening , but the only surviving version is the version that pathe released in europe in 1916 , now available on dvd from grapevine .
the print they located is a bit battered , but complete and in a lovely colored print .
go to their website and order one .
watch it with some friends .
you wo n't regret it .

1
given that the film came out in 1915 , it 's a brilliant film despite its many deficiencies .
the story was complex , featured excellent ( for the time ) production values and was quite entertaining -- and was a heck of a lot better than the average feature-length film of the day .
unfortunately , it is also filled with stereotypes that would no doubt offend people .
while not as bad as his glorification of slavery in birth of a nation ( also 1915 ) , the image of the asian in the film is quite vile -- though at least demille does have an actual asian actor play the part -- something very unusual in hollywood through the first half of the 20th century .
a well-to-do man is frustrated at his shallow and awful wife , as she spends far in excess of what he earns .
she is constantly trying to keep up with her rich society friends and must have all the latest fashions .
despite her being told by him that they ca n't afford it , she spends and spends and the audience no doubt comes to hate the woman .
later , she gets an idea to take money entrusted to her as treasurer of the red cross relief fund and invest it -- thereby getting enough to keep buying herself clothes and returning the money , no one the wiser .
for this idiot , her investment tanks and she now owes the fund $ 10,000 ! !
not wanting to get caught , she goes to her asian friend ( sessue hayakawa ) to borrow the money .
shortly after this , the lady 's husband announces that his investments paid off handsomely and they are now rich enough for her to afford all her extravagances .
so , she takes $ 10,000 and tries to pay off hayakawa -- who then tells her he does not want the money .
instead he announces that he owns her and is going to brand her to prove she 's his property ! !
this leads to an intense , frightening and violent fight scene where he ultimately brands his mark on her shoulder !
in retaliation , she grabs a gun , shoots him ( ) and runs .
her husband then finds the bleeding man and is accused of having tried to kill him .
why hayakawa does n't tell the truth is beyond me and the innocent and stupid husband goes on trial .
i say `` stupid `` because he knows his wife did it , but he decides to take the rap instead .
now had she not been a selfish fool , i might have understood this , but in this case he just seemed like a chump .
i would have let the court hang her had she been my wife !
when the hubby is found guilty by the court , the wife jumps up and announces her own guilt -- showing the judge the brand on her shoulder .
the judge dismisses the case and the couple is left to live happily ever after .
however , at this point , every `` decent white man `` in the courtroom attempts to kill the evil foreigner and the film ends as a riot ensues ! ! !
technically speaking , this is a wonderful and entertaining film .
the implication that asian men are `` white slavers `` , that wives can be shallow idiots and that it 's up to decent white men to ignore the law and beat the asian guy to death is pretty sick -- and pretty indicative of the times .
that same year brought griffith 's birth of a nation , in which the `` good white men `` in the film ca n't get justice from the courts so they resort to forming the kkk and teaching the blacks a lesson , and in this one they do n't even bother with the robes -- they try to kill the man right in the courtroom ! ! !
update : i just watched the 1931 remake of the film and was not the least bit impressed .
the silent is clearly a better film -- mostly because the crazy plot worked better in the old days .
by 1931 , it seemed very dated and a lot less scandalous ... and a bit silly .
so who says that talkies are always better than silents ? !

1
sessue hayakawa will always have a place in the hearts of film lovers for his role of the humiliated col. saito in the bridge on the river kwai , who initially has that prisoner of war camp under control , only to lose it ( and face ) because his actual enemy , col. nicholson , takes over the building of the bridge for the japanese empire .
his moment of absolute agony , when he is crying in silent horror on his cot after nicholson and the british and japanese officers leave to discuss the construction ca n't ever be forgotten .
it was a wonderful performance .
but except for river kwai and the earlier claudette colbert film three came home ( where he is again a japanese military man - col. ) hayakawa 's work is basically forgotten .
his real heyday was the period of silent movies , when he literally was the best regarded japanese actor in film .
beginning in 1915 and going through the 1920s he had a wide variety of parts as a leading man , sometimes as the hero .
but unless one sees the surviving films on television or through a film society most people do n't know of them .
tonight the turner classic movie network showed the cheat .
it was the film that introduced hayakawa to audiences , and luckily for him his director was a great one : cecil blount demille .
made in 1915 the cheat is the story of a asian millionaire ( the `` ivory `` king ) who has moved to long island and attached himself to the social set there .
hayakawa at the start is shown branding his new statuary with a heated iron .
that will play a role in the movie later on , when he decides to brand something else he thinks he owns .
one of the friends he makes is a wealthy socialite fanny ward .
her husband is a stockbroker ( jack dean ) who is so into making a killing in a stock he has studied carefully ( `` d & o `` - no type of company is given for this stock ) that he has neglected his wife .
except , that is , to chide her for not paying bills ( like the salary of the servants ) or for clothing extravagance .
but she has an answer for that too - her role as treasurer of the red cross in long island requires she dress well ( yes , that is her argument - mentally she is an idiot ) .
ward is talked into investing $ 10,000.00 ( about $ 100,000.00 in today 's money ) in another stock .
she uses the red cross money , but is horrified to learn that her investment is lost .
she now has to cover the stolen $ 10,000.00 and hayakawa offers to cover it .
she takes his check knowing he expects sex for it .
but the next day dean comes home to say his stock coup worked , and they are set for life .
so she asks him for $ 10,000.00 to pay for a bridge gambling debt ( he chides her for this ) .
she stands up hayakawa for an afternoon appointment , and that night shows up to offer him the money back .
but he has enough character to refuse to be bought : a bargain was a bargain .
but she is not ready for a miscegenation sexual dalliance .
in the end he brands her on her shoulder as his property .
she shoots him in retaliation , and flees .
unfortunately dean gets suspicious and follows her .
when he realizes that she shot hayakawa he figures it was to protect herself from rape ( which in part it was ) .
but the police arrive , and dean says he shot hayakawa .
hayakawa remains silent .
the film ends in a near lynching at the courthouse .
it certainly is one of the most overwrought courtroom sequences i ever saw - but then demille would later have a bunch of kids force a gangster to confess by putting his face in a cage with a rat .
apparently he did not think highly of the american legal system .
overwrought is a good term for this film - particularly ward .
she must have suited demille 's taste in acting in 1915 - he had been brought up on acting and directing with melodramas .
so ward 's over-emoting ( fair enough in 1915 , but soon to be too much for the silent films of the day ) is now comical .
dean is a trifle better , but too static ( until he faces a wounded hayakawa whom he 'd like to pound for trying to rape ward ) .
but hayakawa is wonderful - totally understated in his performance , and using his eyes ever so subtly to express what he really is thinking at every moment .
it 's understandable why he became the movie star , not the other two leads .
by the way , the title `` the cheat `` refers to ward , who cheats several people in the course of the film : besides hayakawa , she does n't pay her maid her salary , she steals from the red cross , and she keeps lying to dean , until the end .
she does redeem herself in the courtroom .

1
the cheat , released in 1915 .
what a great movie directed by cecil b. demille .
the movie teach us that the the power of money can buy anything but true love .
fanny ward ( edith hardy ) plays the roll of a wife who ambitiously demands vanity from her husband .
jean dean ( jack hardy ) the husband plays the roll of the corporate investor who is a workaholic .
tori ( sessue hayakawa ) plays the wealthy .
the story evolves when edith asked jack for money to buy luxurious items , her husband tells her that he has no money .
during or about the same time she is appointed as treasury person for a charitable organization , here she received ten thousand dollars that are not belong to her which ambitiously she invested in stocks .
and as result she losses the money , desperately she came across tory who gave her the money in exchange for sex .
she accepted the contract .
few days later jack became rich and gives money to edith .
she started to tell tory that she is backing down from the contract .
tory did not like it , furiously he started to treat edit as a personal property and in one occasion tori left edith 's shoulder marked with tori 's company logo .
at this point tory and edith had a fight where tori got shoot by edith .
meanwhile , jack went to look for edith at tori 's place to look for his wife .
instead , he found tori , at the same time the maids find jack with the gun in is hand .
after the incident jack was found guilty of shooting tori .
so , edith revealed it that her husband did not shoot tori .
she tells the judge that tori has abused and injured her .
and , to convince the judge she exposed the mark on her shoulder that was left by tori .
this melodrama movie will help us to understand that the power of money can be unlimited .
besides , as the movie shows it can make people cheat by force or by volunteering .

1
i think modern audiences tend to be too harsh on some of our earliest films .
we tend to forget that directors , actors , and others were in the process of creating a new art form .
as a result , we should look at these films within their own parameters .
and as an example of what directors were just learning to do , `` the cheat `` is one of the best films of its year .
people who rent or view films from this time period should realize that , almost without exception , dramas are going to be victorian in their plots .
they should also expect that the acting will be `` acting `` ( could n't this word ) , broad pantomime , and histrionic .
yes , `` the cheat `` is melodramatically victorian and most of the acting is broad , but it distinguishes itself with some innovation and some subtlety .
( i 'm assuming that demille 's use of expressionistic lighting was innovative ; he did , indeed , receive flak from the money-men for such techniques .
) here , we see demille uses silhouettes and low-key lighting not only to create mood but also to relay certain plot points .
the subtlety comes to us from sessue hayakawa .
his technique contrasts greatly with the other actors and as a result , he stands out .
you ca n't take your eyes off of him .
he 's still most of the time and his acting could be called , much like `` the method , `` which became popular in the 50s .
he exudes charisma as the villain , and you certainly see why he was the first asian star of american films , or one of its first big stars of any background for that matter .
( have there been other asian box office draws besides jackie chan ?
) i certainly became a fan after seeing this movie on tcm .
i immediately ordered the dvd , which contains a fine print , and searched for other silent films he was in .
the only one i 've been able to find so far is `` the secret game `` from 1917 .
`` the tong man `` ( 1919 ) is supposed to be available , but i 've yet to find anyone with it in stock .
in summary , this film is worth catching for sessue hayakawa .

1
granted i have n't seen too many de mille silents , but i just watched my new kino edition of the cheat , and it has now become my favorite de mille silent !
very bizarre and dark story that must have had undertones of some hidden fantasies that were going on at the time .
i assume this because i have never seen another silent like this one !
sessue hayakawa was the embodiment of those fantasies , very menacing and naturalistic in his acting style .
his every thought played across his face with seemingly minimal effort !
he really stole the show from fannie ward , whose acting i considered over the top until the last courtroom scene , where it became quite effective in showing her outrage over trying to be possessed like an object by an asian man .
in this scene , she did an excellent job of conveying her affront and humiliation .
the lighting was used to great advantage , immersing the character in a single source of side lighting , which made me think of later movies by some of the german masters .
robert israel 's score was perfect as usual .
a melodrama , but with a twist that makes it fascinating to watch !

1
the plot to this keystone comedy is a little more complicated and complex than usual .
instead of people kicking each other in the butt or bonking each other on the head , this one has a plot that is timeless .
the district attorney ( ford sterling ) is fooling around with a judge 's wife ( minta durfee ) .
however , an innocent young man ( harold lloyd ) just happens to walk into the middle of this .
he has no idea what is going on and is assumed by the judge to be a criminal .
can the innocent man somehow extricate himself or will be go to prison for the da 's actions ?
the film is not full of huge laughs but funny situations instead .
it is fun , entertaining and much more interesting than usual .
the only problem i saw , and it 's a minor one , is that the message flashed on the mirror was backwards -- or at least it should have been .
think about it ...

1
`` the coward , `` a 1915 silent era civil war flick , was designed , written and directed to be enjoyable north and south of messrs. mason and dixon 's line .
today it 's a curiosity piece both as entertainment and as history ( i 'm showing it in a few weeks in my law school legal history seminar , `` slavery , the constitution and the civil war . ``
our is a finely turned out southern lad , popular with the demure lassies and scion to the small but well-kept estate of a former colonel .
the fellow lives with his parents and their two devoted slaves , a cook and a sort of .
the call to arms , to defend the south ( the south was invaded ?
) , comes and the boy heads to the recruiting station where his contemporaries are eagerly lining up to doff formal attire and don uniforms .
he chickens out , goes home and confesses to pa that 's he 's chicken .
no , thunders dad , no member of our family can be a coward .
get thee back and sign up .
he does so but at the first sign of danger , while on picket duty , he deserts and home .
mommy embraces him , the slaves try to hide him and pa has a royal fit when he finds his worthless , gutless offspring gulping down milk and cookies in the kitchen .
determined to salvage family honor , pa enlists as a private , replacing his son .
meanwhile , union officers have occupied the family home and a hiding in the attic deserter overhears their battle plans .
guess how the story develops from there .
a tale of honor cravenly lost and then heroically redeemed , `` the coward `` is the kind of satisfying melodrama that early moviegoers loved .
the actors magnify their facial expressions to compensate for silently mouthed dialog .
southerners watching `` the coward `` could bask in the family loyalty to the confederacy and the pliant , loving submission of slaves .
northerners saw an honorable foe whose forces but not spirit could be beaten .
a neat relic from the vaults of the silents .
8/10

1
in 1861 , the outbreak of the u.s. civil war , virginia 's young men sign up by the hundreds to fight for the confederacy .
plantation owner frank keenan ( as jefferson beverly winslow ) wants to fight alongside handsome son charles ray ( as frank winslow ) .
mr. keenan is rejected as too old , but expects his son will enlist .
not so fast .
overcome with fear and dread , mr. ray gets cold feet at the recruiting station .
yes , he is `` the coward `` .
so , disgraced war veteran father keenan signs ray up ... at gunpoint !
while on `` picket duty `` patrol , ray is startled by wild animals , and goes awol .
running home to stately `` winslow hall `` , he is comforted by gertrude claire ( as betty ) and the family 's domesticated slaves .
when papa keenan finds out his son has deserted the confederate army , he flies into a rage , exclaiming , `` why was i ever born to be the father of a coward ? ``
while ray shamefully sobs .
later , when yankee soldiers invade his home , ray gets a second chance to prove his mettle ... with d.w. griffith 's `` the birth of a nation `` ( released earlier in 1915 ) setting box offices on fire , this shorter civil war epic was made to order ; it also resembled griffith 's `` the battle `` ( 1911 ) and others .
an acclaimed stage actor , frank kennan had his name above co-star charles ray .
both men became screen stars with `` the coward `` - but ray quickly shot past his illustrious elder .
ray 's performance in `` the coward `` is excellent , and was recalled as an example of the decade 's best acting ( it still is ) .
keenan ( grandfather of character actor keenan wynn ) , ms. claire , and patricia palmer ( as amy ) show degrees of `` stagy `` .
the `` quigley poll `` of top ten money-making stars for the year 1916 ( which took `` the coward `` into account ) debuted keenan at # 10 .
in 1917 , ray debuted at # 8 , one above keenan , who subsequently left the poll .
from then on , ray was found in the upper half of the exhibitors ' list , complied by quigley publications from 1915 to the present .
ray was a million-dollar super-star until pouring his fortune into his own production company , which famously flopped with `` the courtship of miles standish `` ( 1923 ) .
******** the coward ( ) thomas h. ince : reginald barker ~ charles ray , frank kennan , gertrude claire , margaret gibson

1
you know , i really like this film .
it 's got a great story , very good acting , and some genuinely funny moments .
the story deals with a misunderstanding generated by an itinerant photographer in the park .
he photographs fatty and louise together in a totally innocent embrace without their knowledge .
when they ( and their spouses ) find out about this seemingly not so innocent , all hell breaks loose !
edgar thinks fatty is having an affair with his wife !
out come the guns !
can fatty really outrun a speeding bullet ?
arbuckle is also ably at the helm of this fine farce comedy .
good acting plus a fast-paced story add up to a highly amusing and enjoyable two-reeler that is still guaranteed to get laughs after all these years .

1
from what i 've seen , it seems that director yevgeni bauer 's best films are his tragedies obsessed with death , which include this film `` daydreams `` , as well as `` after death `` ( 1915 ) and `` the dying swan `` ( 1917 ) .
perhaps it has something to do with the interest of macabre subject matter , or maybe they provide opportunities for the best in bauer 's film-making , as well as boris 's cinematography .
the opening scene with the protagonist beside the coffin with his dead wife features a black background similar to those visible in cecil b. demille 's `` the cheat `` .
additionally , there 's a trucking shot when he sees a woman resembling his wife ( it does remind one of hitchcock 's `` vertigo `` ) .
those are two advanced film techniques ; even more impressive are those that bauer uses to advance or annotate the narrative .
mise-en-scã¨ne was always one of bauer 's foremost concerns , and here there is a great opera scene on stage , which is about death .
besides being a detailed and lovely composition , it is also self-referential .
in general , scenes are filled with props , decorations and adornments .
the main room of the protagonist 's home , where he keeps his wife 's hair , seems to become more cluttered with objects as the story progresses , as he becomes madder .
another interesting thing is how bauer represents memory .
the story is about a man who is tormented by the memory of his late wife .
he often looks at photographs of her , which only keep his memory afresh .
there 's a scene of painting in this film , which seems to serve little of function for the story .
for centuries , painting was the medium for mankind to document an event , or remember it .
photography has replaced it .
theatre , too , has seen cinema not only represent a story and life , but to remember it .
when the protagonist first kisses the woman who looks like his wife , the shot fades away into the likeness of a still photograph , as though a passing memory .
the superimposed memory of his wife , or double expose effect , leads to a moving montage of his memories of scenes with his late wife .
this is an impressive film , with much in its short runtime .
to be critical , i think it 's too short ; the extra ten or so minutes in `` after death `` or `` the dying swan `` made quite a difference , although their narratives were also more complex .
moreover , there are jump cuts in the finale ; plus , you can see her breathing .
nevertheless , i consider `` daydreams `` among bauer 's best work .

1
the main depiction here is obsessive desire ; the recently widowed man stumbles upon a second woman who is the split image of the dead wife .
she reclines across a sofa the way the wife does in a photograph he keeps , the flowing black hair - in which love is fetishized - flowing the same way .
it is a short affair , with no more than 15 camera setups and three sets .
but the amount of self-referential sophistication for the time amazes .
the second woman is an actress .
he discovers her on the street - where the only moving shot in the film is repeated twice , the second time reversing the flow , pulling inwards - and follows her inside a theater .
on stage , a chorus of ghastly women rise up from tombs , clearly mirroring the image of the woman rising in the imaginative mind from beyond memory .
so , it is about this living image repeating , thus threatening to overwhelm the first .
the man balks ; when his painter friend wants , quite literally , to paint her image like he did before , consciousness begins to shatter .
the mind objects at this second image , which could replenish lost love , because it clings so desperately to the first .
the ending is tragic , implying karmic wheels grinding out a cycle of suffering .
the image of the dead woman lying on her deathbed is repeated , except we 're not quite sure anymore who of the two women she is .
such wonderful stuff from the far dawn of cinema ; fictional re-enactment suggesting a real flow of events , the reality of that flow called into question by the role of fiction , by people playing roles , acting parts ; everything points to the trappings of representation .
mirrors of destructive mind , destructive mind distraught with desire and memory .
yes , vertigo .
in the theater stage , the actress rises from her tomb with a jet of white gas ; soon after , an finger towers above her and does he castigate or warn the apparition ?
we know by the end , and it was all presaged .

1
`` a night in the show `` ( 1915 , chaplin ) `` a night in the show `` is charlie at his best in this early stage in his .
early being his 48th overall film and 32nd directing , all within 1914 and 1915 , and one of 49 in that time period .
from the very beginning , the film just flows from one comedic segment into another .
the beginning is rather lackluster which may only bolster the opinion of a rising laugh overall .
charlie starts trouble and adds on to future troubles all at once .
all the sketches are played out with perfect timing .
in the middle of the ruckus that charlie causes as he moves around the theater is another tramp in the first seat of the aisle in the balcony .
he spills beer onto the people below , throws cream puffs at a dude and a little person act , and in the grand finale , uses a fire hose to put out a fire which is part of the act on stage .
this is one of the few of these early films that could withstand repeated watching of it .

1
this is a most intriguing and entertaining film .
while some flaws can certainly be pointed out , it still stands up as a fine feature film .
the story is certainly different in this version .
this nemo is a boy scout , helping those in need and interested in revenge only in the case of one personal enemy .
as i recall from reading the book and seeing one of the color , sound versions ( both about 30 years ago ) , captain nemo was a real sob , intent on extracting `` revenge `` on every ship he came across .
( he was also about half the age of this nemo .
) still , the twists make for an interesting story , as does the incorporation of `` mysterious island , `` another jules verne masterpiece , into the story .
of course the film is best remembered for the amazing early underwater film sequences .
these are something to see -- especially considering the year .
my only criticism of the film would be that paton perhaps got a little carried away with showing his sequences of underwater sights .
of course , who could blame him ?
no one else had put anything remotely like this on screen in a feature film before .
there is almost a quasi-documentary feel to the film , thanks to the underwater scenes and early scuba outfits .
alan holubar is outstanding as the aging ( and the young ) captain nemo , while the rest of the cast is solid .
the only exception is jane gail 's horrid overacting as the princess .
this is strange , considering that she handled the `` child of nature `` role with some credibility and little if no overacting .
perhaps the female histrionics were expected in 1916 .
( at least robert k. identifies gail as playing both roles in `` silent films , . ``
imdb does not identify the princess .
) in any case , whatever flaws one may find are dwarfed by the realization that it was so advanced for its time .
it 's still entertaining , as well , and a great addition to any collection .

1
this two-reel comedy , one of a dozen chaplin made under his mutual contract , offers a story line he followed again and again throughout his career : lower class charlie fakes his way unto upper class society under an alias , then wreaks havoc .
sometimes charlie 's fraud is deliberate ( as in this film ) , while on other occasions people mistake him for something he is not , but whatever the case the premise was one chaplin used frequently , starting with an early keystone of 1914 , caught in a cabaret , and recurring in other short comedies of such as a jitney elopement and the rink .
the premise turns up as late as 1940 in the great dictator , although in that instance the farcical element of the plot has turned into a darker political statement .
without getting about the matter , it seems that this scenario held some sort of deep meaning for chaplin , who grew up in poverty and yet wound up wealthy and celebrated , hobnobbing with some of the most famous people in the world .
was this man insecure about the wealth and power he 'd earned ?
it 's not so far-fetched to assume that chaplin , recalling his roots in the london slums , might have sometimes felt like a fraud when he found himself dining with the likes of winston churchill , lady astor or bernard shaw .
anyhow , getting back to the matter at hand : the count stands as one of charlie 's lightest and most playful short comedies , perhaps not one of his very best but highly enjoyable nonetheless .
there 's a lot of good byplay between pint-sized charlie and his most memorable `` heavy , `` the enormous eric campbell , who wears an outrageous beard this time around .
i especially enjoyed the bit when campbell keeps elbowing charlie as a `` get it ? ``
gesture , until charlie finally slides a wooden chair into place to protect himself .
campbell plays a tailor and charlie is his assistant , soon fired for ineptitude ; but before long the gets mixed up in the conniving tailor 's scheme to impersonate a count , so that he can court a wealthy heiress ( edna purviance ) .
through various complications charlie himself is mistaken for the count , and receives royal treatment at a grand party at edna 's mansion .
the party is the setting for a number of amusing comic set-pieces , including a dinner of spaghetti and watermelon ( when did you last see these dishes served together ?
) , and a dance in the ballroom .
for me , the dance is the film 's highlight , as it displays chaplin at the peak of his physical skill , sliding and gliding about with almost supernatural agility .
only mickey mouse could move so well , and with such comic grace !
as noted above , the count may not rank with chaplin 's greatest short comedies , but if any of his contemporaries had made this same film it would probably be more celebrated .
it 's hard for me to be objective about this particular movie because the count was one of the first chaplin comedies i ever saw , way back in grade school , when i borrowed an 8mm print from my local library , threaded it up on my projector , and threw the beam onto a wall of my room .
it was the first inkling i had that chaplin 's reputation as a great comedian was so well deserved , the first time i said to myself : `` hey , this guy really is funny ! ``

1
charlie and eric campbell are in top form is this very amusing short .
charlie plays a tailor 's assistant and campbell is his boss .
they wind up by coincidence ( !
) at the same rich lady 's party , where both compete for the daughter miss moneybags , played by edna purviance .
the plot is , of course , completely ridiculous , and the whole thing is totally silly and contrived -- which is just how it should be .
the highlight is a hilarious dance sequence , with charlie at his acrobatic best .
there is a lot of and .
the latter is such a standard device in chaplin movies that i wonder if there might have been some kind of underlying s & m thing going on here .
not one of his best , but standard charlie is grade a stuff .
still very very funny .

1
i am just starting to familiarise myself with silent films .
this comedy short was on the dvd i purchased , with `` mickey `` .
i love harold lloyd and buster keaton but i am unfamiliar with comedy from the very early years - apart from charlie chaplin and the zany chases from the keystone cops .
this was quite amazing , almost a sophisticated comedy from fatty arbuckle .
the subtleties of acting for this 1916 comedy were , i thought , quite advanced .
fatty plays a doctor , who along with his cute wife , mabel normand lives in a comfortable home .
the whole look of the comedy was , i thought , very real ( there were no obvious cheap sets - the house looked real , the roads looked real - nothing looked fake .
) things do n't seem to be going too well between them at the start .
mabel seems loving but giddy and when a childhood friend comes for a visit , mabel and he begin to flirt .
fatty becomes quite jealous and tears up a photo that mabel had given jack .
they sit down to a lobster dinner , joking that it might give them nightmares .
meanwhile two thieves plan to rob the doctor 's house .
one , pretending to be lame asks to see the doctor , while the other does the thieving - but the doctor soon discovers the ruse and sends the `` cripple `` about his business .
one of the thieves rings the doctor and gets him out of the house on a bogus house call .
when fatty is out the robber ( al st. john ) hides under mabel 's bed .
she goes to jack for protection and there is an extremely funny sequence involving the robber jumping , running , swinging from the chandelier - doing anything he can to dodge the bullets from jack 's badly aimed gun .
fatty returns home to find mabel and jack ( having sent the robbers fleeing from the house ) holding hands and he believes that was why he was called from the house .
more gun play ensues and the comedy turns quite black as fatty decides the world would be a better place with mabel and jack not in it ! ! !
i wo n't spoil the end but the whole comedy ( apart from al st. john 's wonderful comedic acrobatics ) is one of subtle acting and nuances from arbuckle .
it is a wonderful little film and i can recommend it .

1
if you have never seen a film with roscoe arbuckle , he did and he did n't is not my foremost recommendation to begin an acquaintance .
instead , i would rather recommend titles such as fatty and mabel adrift , love or the garage .
these short comedies are some of the most amusing from the era , providing plenty of pure , often clever fun .
that said , he did and he did n't is still one of the best films arbuckle made during this period , but somewhat uncharacteristic ; rather than the slapstick , we are offered a more subtle kind of humor .
the idyllic family life of roscoe and his wife ( as usual played by mabel normand ) is suddenly interrupted when a childhood sweetheart of the former turns up .
the man , whose name is jack , is invited to dinner , making roscoe jealous , but his reactions do not resemble what one would expect in a ; rather than hit and kick , he stares solemnly into the eyes of jack while slowly eating .
when mabel offers jack to sleep over for the night , roscoe 's had it ; he takes his coat and storms off , mabel being unable to convince him that jack does n't mean anything to her any more .
of course , a little bit of mayhem in traditional is soon thrown in , but does not last for long ; upon roscoe 's return , he finds mabel in the arms of jack , and his reaction is thoroughly underplayed .
i do not regard it as an exaggeration to claim that these moments arguably prove that roscoe would have been very capable of doing some other kind of acting than comedy , had he wanted to .
of course , a strong case could be made that he did and he did n't is plain parody .
the very fact that mabel apparently has genuine feelings for jack as an adult even though they were * childhood * sweethearts and have not met since , suggests this .
even so , the parody is sufficiently underplayed that the intrigue actually feels more engaging than that found in many authentic dramas of the same period .
arbuckle 's direction is quite sophisticated ( in fact , he was the most sophisticated comedy director besides chaplin at this point ) and so is his acting .
( this review has later been revised and updated , dec. 2012 )

1
this is a better than usual fatty arbuckle film because the plot is different -- so many of his keystone films look awfully similar and this one is unique .
dr. arbuckle 's wife has a childhood boyfriend that comes to visit .
despite being happily married , fatty is jealous .
and , in some very odd scenes , his worst nightmares come true , ... however , they actually do appear to be nightmares .
the old flame is really a nice guy and fatty finally realizes this and welcomes the guy when he awakens from these bad dreams .
while the way these dreams are n't integrated perfectly , it is still a great idea and a lot of fun to watch .
this is one of the few cases where there is a pistol that shoots dozens of times without reloading ( a common thing in arbuckle films ) that makes sense , since this is part of a dream and dreams do n't need to make sense !

1
`` hell 's hinges `` is one of william s. hart 's best westerns , and it 's available today in better condition than most of his others , including some nice tinting .
its religious story , the instantaneous first look at a pure woman transforming bad guy hart into the good guy are basic to the formula of his westerns .
as fellow commenter said , much of the power of the film comes from its simplicity .
even the small town , simple as a cheap producer can afford , helps intensify the climax .
a town inhabited by evildoers and fittingly called `` hell 's hinges `` ends in an inferno .
it does well to overcome some of the overly preachy hokum and offensive moments such as the title that says the villain has `` the oily craftiness of a mexican `` .
hart gives one of his better performances stalking beside fiery blazes , looking to gun down the bad guys .
the close-ups help his performance greatly .
pure hart .

1
as the film begins , william s. hart ( as `` blaze `` tracy ) is off-screen , in the appropriately named town of `` hell 's hinges `` .
mr. hart is a `` man-killer whose philosophy of life is summer up in the creed ` shoot first and do your ' afterward ' ! ``
he believes neither law nor religion will ever come to the wretched town he loves .
he is wrong .
jack standing ( as rev . robert henley ) is on his way to town ; he is , as you 'll witness , a recently ordained minister with an eye for something other than ladies ' souls .
mr. standing will also reveal a fondness for drink .
accompanying the bad reverend is his good sister clara williams ( as faith henley ) .
ms. williams combines `` the strength of character her brother so woefully lacks `` and leads hart to god ( the jesus christ version ) .
but , is hart a faithful servant of god , or just another hell-raising western rogue ?
this is an excellent , albeit absurd , film .
steely-eyed hart is well heeled ; and , the fiery ending is tremendous .
standing 's debauched preacher is unexpectedly entertaining .
williams was a noted actress ; but , she does n't play innocent and alluring ; mainly , she looks admiringly at hart ( and her brother ) .
you may wonder what hart sees in her , when they first meet ; although , hart plays the scene well .
it 's difficult to understand the attraction , which worked in other films .
thankfully , louise glaum ( as dolly ) is around to play guiltily alluring ; presumably , hart has had his fill of such women by the time williams arrives .
******** hell 's hinges ( ) charles swickard ~ william s. hart , clara williams , jack standing , louise glaum

1
like chaplin at mutual , this is a linder 's film of his maturity .
the story is about max who in holiday in switzerland meets two young american girls .
they 're friends , the first one is blond , the other one is brunette .
he falls in love with the two of them and decide to declare his flame first to the brunette then to the blond .
when they realize the game max is playing , they decide to play also .
it is a delicate comedy between the three characters realized all in outsides ( certainly around the leman 's lake ) with a very good direction and very pretty images .
the two unknown actress are also very charming .
one of the best of max linder .

1
max linder , while pretty much forgotten today , was one of the first big film comedians .
his films predated those of chaplin , keaton and lloyd and are much subtler than the slapstick fare of the day .
in `` max between two fires `` ( `` max entre deux feux `` ) , max is interested in two ladies from america .
at first , he and the ladies play little jokes on each other which , frankly , are n't all that interesting .
however , after this the movie improves as max separately woos each of them .
he loves that the two are now fighting over him -- but the last laugh is on him .
all in all , one of the more successful linder films , as it maintains its momentum and is a cute story -- not just a bunch of laughs .
clever , cute and rather charming .

1
this is one of ben turpin 's earlier silents for keystone ( sennett studios ) .
while there is some of the typical material from a keystone comedy ( including a short but exciting obligatory chase at the end ) , the rest of the movie is very , very unusual to say the least !
for some odd reason , an inventor has made an automaton that is modeled after ben .
while the audience can tell which is which , the folks in this little short are a bit dim and ca n't seem to tell that later when the dummy is supposed to perform on stage , it 's actually ben taking its place .
i was particularly impressed by turpin 's physicality and ability to do some complicated scenes and i was also impressed that this was a pretty funny short for 1917 .
while not great , it is among the better shorts from that period .
by the way , look for chester conklin ( a perennial in these films ) with his trademark mustache as well as a young wallace beery as the owner of the theater .

1
this was a mostly funny film of seeing roscoe arbuckle , buster keaton , and al st. john , all of whom are competing for the same girl , hit and getting hit by various objects at coney island .
i say mostly , because by the end , the short was almost running out of steam especially with arbuckle 's of a wife continuing to appear .
arbuckle also dresses as a stolen another plus-size bathing suit from a female stranger because there was n't a male suit for hilarious effect especially when st. john flirts with him !
the cop chase was n't as funny but by that time i did n't care .
so if you love knockabout silent slapstick comedy , i highly recommend coney island .

1
demille 's joan the woman would be an extraordinary film of any silent year but the fact that it was made when feature films were only two years old is staggering .
its companion epics , birth of a nation and intolerance ( 1915 , 1916 respectively ) seem crude next to it .
the narrative flows with complete audience absorption for two hours and eighteen minutes .
i can only add to the praise of all the reviews on imdb and amazon .
the print is the crispest and clearest of any restoration i 've seen and the tinting is exemplary , especially the hand tinted flames of the final conflagration - one would swear we were watching early technicolor but that event was still a year away .
farrar is fine in the lead with only a few exaggerated postures .
this would certainly have given intolerance a run for its money had there been oscars then , also considering this made money but the latter flopped at the boxoffice .
certainly nods for best film , actress , direction , cinematography and editing are in order .
the film is divided into two acts with the first ending neatly at 75 minutes into the feature .
the kino restoration is well worth the price - do yourself a great favor and add it to your video library .

1
joan the woman was cecil b demille 's first epic , the genre that today he is best remembered for , although at this point it was more the case that was hopping on a band wagon .
after the massive success of italian `` super production `` cabiria , dw griffith had made intolerance and thomas ince ( forgotten today but a big name at the time ) did a world war epic called civilization .
in 1916 , all the big names were doing epics , and demille , now established as paramount 's star filmmaker , was n't going to be the one to miss out .
joan the woman was something like de mille 's fourth or fifth collaboration with jeanie macpherson .
typically of macpherson it has a tight storyline somewhat marred by some rather odd ideas .
the framing story , set in war-torn europe , is apparently there to give the tale some contemporary relevance , and it may be in part an blending of narratives in different historic periods .
however on macpherson 's part it seems to be a chance to explore her interest in reincarnation .
so we get this daft little story about a british soldier who was in a past life the man who betrayed joan , and now has to go and sacrifice himself in battle to repay the debt .
an officer holds up a bomb as if it were the catch of the day -- `` i need one of you chaps to go and drop this in the german trench .
oh and by the way it 's a suicide mission , so think carefully before you volunteer `` the whole thing looks like something out of blackadder goes forth .
this is demille though , and it 's not about the daft plot -- it 's about the big picture .
de mille 's deftness at handling crowd scenes had been apparent since his earliest films , but here he really gets to use that skill to its full potential .
the main battle sequence is as spectacular as those in intolerance , but it is also convincing .
demille apparently set the two opposing armies of extras genuine objectives -- hence we get a very real sense of desperation and determination .
he makes good use of high angles looking down on the action -- god 's - , perhaps .
demille also builds up tension to the clash of armies with a mighty cavalry charge across the screen , and in this we see the seeds of the equivalent sequences in demille 's the crusades ( 1935 ) eisenstein 's alexander nevsky and olivier 's henry v , all of which used and developed the opening cavalry charge to add excitement to battle scenes .
demille continues to progress well with his mastery of visual grammar .
as per usual in his silent pictures , he makes some use of `` rembrandt lighting `` -- well lit actors against dark backgrounds .
here however he achieves a similar effect , albeit it with light and dark reversed , with clouds of dust or smoke framing the characters as silhouettes .
also much in evidence here is demille 's use of images to imply sound -- for example a shot of church bells ringing , followed by a shot of joan reacting to the sound conveys narrative ( and in this case character information ) without resorting to intertitles .
demille knows that he does n't necessarily have to throw in a title every time a character opens their mouth , and as often as possible keeps a smooth flow of meaningful images .
the romantic scenes between geraldine farrar and wallace reid are particularly effective as a result .
having said that , there is perhaps a bit too much pompous theatrical gesturing from the actors , which i suppose goes hand-in-hand with the rather unnecessary use of `` `` and `` thous `` in the titles .
it 's perhaps rather appropriate that , as well as being the first time demille brought epic spectacle to the fore , this is also his first story to contain a heavy dose of religious piety .
for demille , as we can see here , god is a showman , a god of miracles , visions and righteous destruction .
the incredibly egomaniacal demille probably saw himself as a similar figure , dazzling the populace and hammering home his messages with spectacle and special effects .
so , with joan the woman , we see the beginnings of the demille who would one day part the red sea and resurrect jesus on the silver screen .

1
the great opera soprano -- and early film star -- geraldine farrar has sometimes been treated as a curiosity in movie history ( though kevin brownlow does her full justice in the parade 's gone by ) .
here at last is her favorite film role as joan of arc , accompanied by the original score , magnificently played .
ignore the insipid romance and admire the ease with which farrar plays a woman of commanding presence and divine inspiration .
the battle scenes , for 1917 , are extraordinarily impressive .
the climactic scene at the stake , in which demille 's visual conception , the tremendous musical score , and farrar 's sublime acting combine to overwhelming effect , is unforgettable .

1
a great piece of film making for 1916 .
joan the woman was cecil b demille 's first epic film and i think one of his better ones .
in 1916 epic was really in style with intolerance and birth of a nation just being released .
in this film geraldine farrar gets the leading role of joan of arc who acted superbly in this film , even though i thought physically does not look anything like her .
the battle scenes are really spectacular for this time .
and de ` mille really shows he knows how to handle a big scene with lots of people .
the only down side to the movie is the lead is a little to old and heavy to be playing joan though she makes up with great theatrical performance , and the heavy preaching which unfortunately mars other epics .
he just ca n't help it i guess .
overall a very good silent .
grade b +

1
riding on a wave of success , from 2 enormously popular hit films , `` the poor little rich girl and `` rebecca of sunnybrook farm `` , mary pickford immediately followed with `` the little princess `` .
mary is adorable as sara crewe , but what really makes this film worth watching , is the brilliant performances of both pickford and zasu pitts .
the chemistry between the two is especially good , making them a likable and believable duo .
frances marion who wrote the script for the little princess , was introduced to the thin , awkward teenage girl , looking for a part .
when the young man who brought zasu in , made an insulting remark about her looks , a furious frances threw him out of her office .
after consoling the timid girl , she asked her , to tell her about herself .
as frances watched and listened to the young zasu 's life story , she did n't know whether to laugh or cry and it occurred to her that others might be touched the same way .
there was a key part in the little princess for a young maid called a .
when frances told mary the full story , zasu was immediately given the role of becky .
as rave reviews poured in for mary 's flawless acting , there was special mention of the actress playing the young maid ; `` watch zasu pitts , for she is a coming star . ``
the lighting and the sets in this film are of a remarkably high standard , along with some bold close-ups and extreme long shots , all help to make this a very fine quality film of the period and a delight to watch .

1
in 1916 goldwyn pictures was established but initially it was not a success .
goldwyn ( still goldfish ) noted that it was `` the player , not the play , which was the thing `` and was determined to engage the top actresses from stage and screen .
from the stage came jane cowl , maxine elliot , madge kennedy and opera diva mary garden and lured from other producers were mae marsh and goldwyn 's current love mabel normand .
but something happened - madge kennedy was the only stage star who made any impact , mabel normand stopped being funny and mae marsh seemed lost without her mentor d.w. griffith , in fact photoplay ran an article entitled `` where is mae marsh ? ``
`` polly of the circus `` was the first goldwyn production and was important for a number of reasons - sweet mae marsh found herself earning more money than she had ever seen before and she met louis lee arms , a publicity director who became her husband .
even though goldwyn was n't happy with the film or the star , critics of the day praised her performance saying she `` demonstrated her right to be called the best actress of the shadow stage `` and the film did set him on his way ! !
goldwyn pulled out all stops for his first production with a special introduction to `` miss mae marsh `` but she did n't get much of an opportunity to show her fans her `` little sister `` persona in this long winded circus tale .
starting off as a `` tom and huck `` tale with johnny and jim ( played by the carr brothers ) playing hooky to go to the circus , they meet little polly , whose mother has just been killed in an accident and jim decides to stay with the circus .
years pass and the circus comes to town once more , johnny is now the town parson , jim is the `` boss man `` of the circus workers and polly ( marsh ) is `` the world 's most famous equestrienne `` .
while performing her double somersault her beloved horse bingo is startled by the crowd and polly , seriously hurt , has to leave the circus to recuperate at the parsonage .
but suddenly the parson is besieged by the town 's folk who do n't want this flighty circus girl in their town .
there was such a lot of plot , polly wins the local derby ( shades of `` mickey `` ) in order to use the prize money to give her old guardian , who is a clown with the circus , a chance to regain his health but she is too late .
she is also forced to rejoin the circus fearing johnny will be run out of town if she does n't and there is the usual climax of a fire ( which would have been quite novel in 1917 ) which brings everyone together .
there is even a town `` bad girl `` - the deacon 's daughter who is determined to get johnny to the altar by any means but considering that the main story takes place over some years i think she is very , very slow ! !
i think mae marsh excelled in little `` vignette `` movies like `` hoodoo ann `` that ambled along but provided incisive , dramatic characterizations that allowed her to show her beautiful expressive face - which was n't seen to full advantage here .

1
before redirecting his career to swashbuckling adventure flicks with `` the mark of zorro `` in 1920 , douglas fairbanks starred in modern comedies .
he repeated the role of a modern mollycoddle or discontent yearning for adventure ; in this film , `` wild and woolly `` , he returns comically to his western roots .
he teamed with screenwriter anita loos , who pioneered the craft working for d.w. griffith , and her husband director john emerson to cement the first of fairbanks 's two popular incarnations .
according to the print i saw , victor fleming ( `` the wizard of oz `` , `` gone with the wind `` ) is credited with photography here , and he worked on other fairbanks vehicles , beginning his directorial career making them .
the presence of loos is readily noticeable in the quantity of intertitles , which contributed much of the humor to fairbanks vehicles , and thus redefined the role of title cards in silent films .
in `` wild and woolly `` , as elsewhere , they help to undercut the film by poking fun at itself and movies in general , such as in the scene where fairbanks goes to a to have his dreams of the wild west come true -- even in new york .
the entire film plays around with the fact that movies romanticize bygone eras .
the ending , too , jests at itself with the insertion of one intertitle .
the pacing is also a nice compliment to fairbanks 's restless , exuberant performance ; the editing is as energetic and frantic as he is .
it 's congruity is also similar to mack sennett 's keystone comedies and , as william k. everson ( `` american silent film `` ) pointed out , is indicative of the fast pace of pictures post `` the birth of a nation `` ( 1915 ) .
everson claimed that some shots in `` wild and woolly `` lasted no more than five frames .
additionally , 's acrobatics are perfectly suited to the genre , which he 'd carry into his adventure spectacles .
today , fairbanks remains one of the better-known silent film stars , but mostly for his swashbucklers .
yet , he should be recognized as an early american screen comedian alongside sennett , arbuckle , chaplin , keaton and lloyd , as well , even though his films are n't slapstick and he could n't be considered a clown of the same order .
like some of the films of sennett , chaplin and keaton especially , `` wild and woolly `` is , however , a comedy that in reflecting itself finds much of its humor .

1
as a piece of movie entertainment , eyes of the mummy is dated and unremarkable seen through current standards .
there are a few nicely nightmarish moments ( especially a scene when ma sees radu in the mirror while nobody else seems to notice ) but overall , this is no cabinet of dr. caligari .
on the other hand , fans of edward gorey will be richly rewarded by a film that appears to have been designed and directed by the illustrator of `` the gilded bat `` and `` the blue aspic . ``
the effect is uncanny and curiously involving .
it 's not just the melodramatic subject matter ... every detail has the gorey touch .
one almost imagines the hand-drawn texture lines .
any gorey fan will find eyes of the mummy to be well worth the time spent .

1
i sure wish someone would restore the prints and create new soundtracks for these silent gems .
this one , mickey , a mabel normand - mack sennett comedy , is virtually screaming out for a restoration .
it was extremely popular when it first came out in 1918 , and a song `` mickey `` sold a million sheets , and was recorded by many of the orchestras and singers of the day on 78 rpm records .
it 's great fun , with mabel ( mickey ) playing a country miner 's daughter who is sent east to live a privileged life in great neck , long island .
only the aunt who takes her in discovers that mickey 's mine is failing and so the poor girl is made a servant .
there is a sweet romance that brightens up the action , fight scenes , and a rather risque sequence where mabel runs through the woods and dives from a rock into a lake stark naked .
definitely made before censorship came in !
mickey is a great feature to watch if you are interested in what made mabel normand such a great star in her day .
drama queens in the silents are a dime a dozen , but true comedy stars , especially female , are rare and should never be forgotten .

1
that 's how mack sennett described her .
she was very beautiful but also extremely talented .
this was the first and only feature that was produced by mack sennett and mabel normand 's production company .
it was made in 1916 but not released , surprisingly until 1918 .
it was a huge hit but by then mabel had already signed with samuel goldwyn .
mickey ( mabel normand ) is a young tomboy whose gruff old guardian ( george nichols ) owns a gold mine .
all the animals and most of the town love mickey .
the proprietor of the general store does n't like her dog and when he is bitten threatens to shoot the dog .
there is a funny sequence as mickey tries to hide the dog ( probably teddy , the keystone dog ) under the bed in a room that herbert thornhill ( wheeler oakman ) has just taken .
mickey 's guardian is determined to send her to distant relatives in new york so she can become a lady .
unbeknown to him they are not wealthy and are eyeing mabel 's mine with greed .
they have sent herbert down to evaluate the mine and welcome mickey with open arms thinking she is rich .
minta durfee ( wife of fatty arbuckle ) plays mickey 's cousin , who is also making a play for herbert .
when they find out she is poor they put her to work as a skivvy .
after a hilarious scene where she borrows an evening gown and cuts a caper with cousin reggie ( lew cody ) she is sent home .
no sooner has she left than a telegram arrives telling that gold has been found in the mine ! !
the aunt then kidnaps her off the train .
there are some hilarious parts .
mabel looks very fetching - whether down at the mines or in society .
her scenes with the animals are very cute - whether rescuing a cute kitten , hanging out with her faithful hound or being bothered by a pesky squirrel .
there is a nude swimming scene , which would have been very risquã© at the time .
there is a big horse race at the end , there is a romantic interest ( wheeler oakman ) and a dashing cad ( lew cody , who would marry mabel years later ) .
the dvd i have is from unknown video and has ( although i am not quite sure ) original organ music played by bob vaughn featuring the song `` mickey `` .
i would heartily recommend this movie .

1
dogs love her , cats love her , jackasses love her and squirrels love to run up her pants legs .
well , who can blame them , right after a scene where she is shown diving nude ... with a suitably long lens of course .
darn it .
there is nothing terribly novel about this cinderella story of a movie , but it is all carried off with a great deal of charm .
mabel even gets to cut a few capers , instead of simply looking charming while the comedians around her make a mess of things .
she 's not a great physical comedian , but she is a fine actress and under the direction of comedy * wunderkind * richard jones , she gives a fine performance , as does just about everyone in this movie .

1
mable normand is forever remembered for her comedies for mack sennett .
these two-reel films were fun but also quite short and were done strictly for laughs .
`` mickey `` was a major change for ms. normand , as now she was making a full-length film and one which was more of a melodrama .
in fact , it 's very much a style film that mary pickford made famous from the late 1910s through the 1920s -- playing a very young lady who , by the end of the film , has found love and happiness .
mickey is a young tom-boy ( normand ) who lives with her father 's old mining partner .
it seems her father died and this man has cared for her for many years .
however , as she gets older , he realizes he 's not much good teaching her how to become a lady and he sends her off to live with her aunt .
as for the aunt , she only wants mickey because she learns she owns a mine .
when she discovers the mine is n't productive , she makes mickey a servant in the home -- much like cinderella .
but , just after the aunt gets rid of mickey , she learns the mine has finally paid off and mickey is rich -- and suddenly she does want mickey to live with her !
well , in the meantime , there is a man who has fallen for mickey -- and he can not find her in order to propose .
but the aunt decides to sic her no-good son on her and he proposes to mickey .
can the old boyfriend find her before it 's too late ? !
while this film is a very predictable old fashioned melodrama ( aside from the bizarre horse race sequence near the end -- i did not see that coming ) , it 's a nice predictable old fashioned melodrama !
sure , you can figure out what 's going to happen long before it does , but the film is so well made and enjoyable you do n't really mind .
sweet and quite charming .
it 's sure a shame that mable 's career and life were cut so short -- i would have loved to see more films like this one .
by the way , i think parts of the end of this film must have been missing .
that 's because there are very few intertitle cards early in the film .
yet , near the end , there are several with extensive exposition -- like it 's filling in for gaps in the film .

1
this is a tough animated film to rate , as in some ways this is a wonderful film and in others it 's lousy .
when it comes to mobilizing the american public to demand war and volunteer to fight abroad , it was top-notch propaganda .
it did so much to justify our entry into the war to destroy the evil hun !
but , history has shown us a lot that was not discussed in the film .
first , the lusitania was not an innocent passenger liner .
recent dives have found detonators and other contraband were being carried on this passenger liner .
second , the germans were at fault for this pointless war -- as were the russians , , french , british , etc . !
and third , although widely circulated during the war as a deliberate hoax , the kaiser did not decorate the captain of the sub for sinking the lusitania ! !
if you ignore all the controversy above and just focus on the quality of the animation , for 1918 , this is an amazing film .
well animated with excellent backgrounds and a jerking and finale featuring a drowning mother and her child -- this is an amazing film .
while most today would probably find the animation primitive and dull , for its time it was terrific .
too bad the central message is so fatally flawed and inaccurate .

1
`` anders als die `` ( different from the others ) is a 1919 german film starring conrad veidt that was pieced together and shown at one point on public television .
about a law on the books that makes homosexuality a crime , it had a very short run in germany before being pulled , and people who attended the movie were harassed .
the lead is played by a german actor familiar to american audiences , usually for portraying a bad guy , conrad veidt .
despite dying in 1943 , veidt had a nearly 30-year career in films .
here he plays possibly the first gay character in cinema who , with such a law in place , is a target for a blackmailer .
a very interesting film with a wonderful performance by veidt .
only part of the movie remains , but it has been put together as well as can be expected - it is , after all , a mere 87 years old .
it 's amazing how relevant some of the material in it remains today .

1
interesting early film dealing with homosexuality and the laws in germany at the time making it a crime punishable by a prison sentence .
about a famous violin virtuoso , paul ( played by conrad veidt ) , who after a concert one evening is approached by a handsome young man named kurt who idolizes and has a youthful crush on the older man .
kurt dreams of taking lessons from his idol , so visits the man in his apartments where he is soon being given private violin lessons .
the two men quickly become closer and closer , playing duets together on violin and piano , and taking strolls in the park arm and arm , but unfortunately a blackmailer sees them in the park - and seizes upon an opportunity to make himself some quick `` hush money `` .
interestingly , the blackmailer himself hangs out in a nightclub full of women dressed as men , and pairs of men dancing together , which made me wonder - is he out to find himself another victim for blackmail here or is he himself ?
this film is a reconstruction containing fragments , strung together in a well-done manner with intertitles and still photos describing and portraying the missing scenes .
the print for the scenes that are intact look quite nice here , the music is appropriate and pleasing .
parts of the film almost come across as instructional , including a lecture given by a sexologist featuring a slide show of males and females mostly in various states of cross-dress .
conrad veidt gives a very well-done , touching performance here , really giving off a keen sense of the strong relationship and love felt between paul and kurt .
well worth seeing .

1
this film , titled the garage , was the last of the shorts starring roscoe `` fatty `` arbuckle with buster keaton in support .
actually , at this point arbuckle and keaton are more of a comedy team as they both fight and watch each other 's back in equal measure .
in fact , the best example of the latter is when after buster 's scottish `` kilt `` is revealed to have a front only ( watch the short if you want to know what i 'm talking about ) , roscoe goes behind him to keep him away from the cop about to arrest him .
i also loved the way both a car and a man were washed and dried on a large spinning floor disc .
and how about those contraptions that pull both comics awake when a fire alarm is ringing ?
it 's too bad that a scandal concerning arbuckle and his death after a brief comeback kept the possibility of his teaming with keaton again a pipe dream .
at least we have their 14 shorts ( with a 15th one still lost as of present time ) to watch over and over again ...

1
before we go any further with this review , let 's get something out in the open .
yes , we 've heard the stories about what arbuckle did to that girl at his wild party back in 1921 at the st. francis hotel in san francisco on labor day weekend .
we 've heard them and we are telling you this ; they are only stories , the incident did not happen ; at least as it is told and retold by legions of those who just do not know the facts .
* okay , now we can get on with the write-up of today 's spotlight movie , coney island ( comique film pictures , 1917 ) .
following experience on the vaudeville stage , roscoe arbuckle came to the new medium of film in 1909 .
making a handful of titles as a supporting player for the selig company and never distinguishing himself as star material ; ` fatty ' had a chance meeting with ` the professor ' , mack sennett ( himself ) late in 1913 .
mr. sennett , the numero uno guy in the comedy business , obviously new real talent when he saw it ; .
for before long arbuckle was sennett 's leading comic , heading at first one reel comedies , then the 2 reelers .
eventually mr. arbuckle had the desire to not only perform , but also to have a degree of ownership in the films .
a deal with joseph schenck brought about the formation of a partnership that saw him going over to the comique film company , as a partner and main attraction .
** our story ... ... ... ... ... ... in this 2 reeler , coney island the oft used device of shooting a film at the scene of a real-life on going event is very much in evidence at the beginning .
the big parade and shots on the midway of the coney island amusement park are very much in evidence .
a high degree of proficiency is displayed in choosing the real life shots used and , even more importantly , they showed a highly sophisticated skill in editing in their movie story 's set pieces .
if you observe the pattern followed , you 'll see how the director ( also mr. arbuckle ) and his cinematographer follow a wide angled view of the park patrons with a close up of the players in a particular scene .
their work looks almost seamless .
one thing that we have noticed about these `` olde time movie `` comedies is that the earlier comedies are much more of an abstraction from real life ; hence they are done a highly manner .
this should not be much of a startling discovery ; for after all , people like sennett , arbuckle and ` fatty 's supporting co-star , buster keaton , were making the rules , not following a beaten path ; laid out by some trailblazing artists ahead of them .
the cast is made up of the above mentioned mr. buster keaton ; who was in the 6th movie of a 15 picture run that he had with roscoe .
after coming to the comique studios out of curiosity , buster would soon be their number one comic star ; as arbuckle was moving on to bigger things .
he would soon be doing features and calling all the shots .
others in the cast are : joe , alice lake , jimmy bryant , alice mann and agnes nelson .
of particularly interesting importance is the presence of al st. john in this and so many other of arbuckle 's movies at sennett 's keystone , comique and later in arbuckle 's features .
in addition to being a talented , acrobatic physical player , st. john was related to the great silent star ; being his nephew .
one particular peculiarity that we have observed about the early screen comedies is that they had a penchant for giving minimal background to the screen characters .
instead of even giving names to characters , they would defer to some descriptive titles ; such as ` the boyfriend ' , ' a hobo ' , ` the big spender ' or ` an old soldier ' .
even the handle of ` fatty ' was born of this use of the descriptive rather than a name .
another attribute of the early silent comedies is their close resemblance to the newspaper cartoon or ` comic strip ' .
the scenes are generally brief and basically build slowly .
one character is usually in some difficult predicament and is just sort of happened upon by a protagonist ; who may or may not get the best of the encounter .
to see what we mean , get a good example of this phenomenon by looking at some good old newspaper .
there are anthologies or even collections of various strips dating from the years of or so .
samplings of such titles as the katzenjammer kids , buster brown , mutt and jeff ( excellent source ) or even such more familiar and recent strips as blondie , bringing up father ( maggie & jiggs ) , beetle bailey and peanuts would all adequately demonstrate just what we are talking about .
in closing , let us remind you that you may be labouring under these delusional ideas about arbuckle 's personal that are not true .
take a look at this old , silent comedy , coney island and see what we have been talking about .
chances are that you 'll want to view more of the big man 's work .
( me and schultz sure did !
) note * see the story laid out from beginning to end in several books , such as : the day the laughter stopped : the true story of fatty arbuckle , by david a . ( 1976 ) .
note : ** leaving the comique studios , whose product was released and distributed by famous ( paramount ) , arbuckle signed on directly with paramount ; getting assurances of having artistic control over his own feature films .
poodle schnitz ! !

1
i do n't think i would normally watch a russian silent film as odd as this if it did n't feature in the book 1001 movies you must see before you die .
basically francis ( friedrich ) starts telling a story relating to his friend alan ( hans heinrich von twardowski ) and his fiancã©e jane olsen ( lil dagover ) .
the story sees francis and alan going to a fair to see dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) , who exhibits the somnambulist ( sleepwalker ) , cesare ( conrad veidt ) , who can predict the future .
alan asks how long he has to live , cesare says until dawn , and the prophecy comes pass , alan is murdered , with cesare as the prime suspect .
cesare is on the run , creeps into jane 's bedroom , abducts her , runs from the townspeople , and dies of exhaustion .
while ( his `` keeper `` ) dr. caligari gets away , the police discover a dummy in the cabinet cesare should be in , but francis tracks the doctor to a mental asylum .
supposedly caligari is the madman who has created the sleepwalking monster , but in the end , it is in fact francis revealed as the madman , believing dr. caligari is a madman from an older generation .
also starring rudolf as dr. olsen .
borrowing a lot from german expressionism , i can see that the use of the camera , face pulling , make-up effects and general weirdness caused sensation at the time of release .
while they do look impressive , and i suppose make the film deserve five stars , it is very dated and a little laughable at times , but nevertheless , a must see horror .
very good !

1
i made myself illusions when i heard of for the first time about `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` , because the story seemed sensational .
but unfortunately , the story take by the wrong turn .
i think , that the story could win more profit .
but , we remove all this ... we are with a charming movie .
`` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` had great performances and a good stage .
i love the stages ( for example , caesar in the roof ) and i love the direction .
the movie it is an indelible print of german expressionism .
and we can not compare this work with others of their same genre ( like nosferatu ) , because the horror presented in the movie is about all that happens around of caligari .
in this little town , there is a mystery , out there is a lunatic , a fair , and a man that keeps a secret that this awaiting being discovered .
in spite of enumerated defects , i believe that it is a good work , full with flunk and it presents a creative story about madness , very different what we see us now .
if you had any chance to see it , do it .
* sorry , for the mistakes ... well if there any

1
here 's the story : since dr. caligari and his sleepwalking slave get to an small village all the people there are overcome with terror and fear because of a series of brutal murders .
but be alert , 'cause things might not be like they seem to be ( or do you think that m night invented the final twists ?
) .
well , apart from the `` archeological `` interest of this movie , `` caligari `` is a so thrilling visual experience , so sickly disturbing .
the shadows , the horror expressions , those sets that look like they 've come out of a picasso 's nightmare ... robert wiene 's most famous film is a piece of art .
* my rate : 8/10

1
: the cabinet of dr. caligari ( 1920 ) - released ; viewed the 19th amendment is approved , granting women the right to vote .
the treaty of versailles is signed , ending world war i. president woodrow wilson suffers a stroke , leaving him partially paralyzed .
babe ruth is traded from the red sox to the yankees .
hitler presents his national socialist program in munich .
births : pauline kael , donald pleasance , isaac asimov , federico fellini , deforest kelley , tony randall .
doug : with 1932 behind us , we go back in time once again to check out a few films we missed the first time around , starting with the film that launched a revolution of german expressionism , the cabinet of dr. caligari .
this is one weird movie , to say the least .
it 's also uneven , messy , and a little hard to get through , despite running at a meager 72 minutes .
at no time during the movie does it feel like it 's really happening ; the backgrounds look like salvadore dali paintings with their spiky trees ; scenes set outside are obviously shot in the studio ; the doors are ; the floors and walls all have squiggly patterns ; the furniture is over-sized and oddly layered .
this innovative lack of realism is what makes the movie a classic , with art direction of warm , , reimann ; this style would become a staple of all german expressionist cinema , including metropolis and nosferatu , eventually spilling over into the universal horror films .
werner krauss plays the evil titular doctor , and conrad veidt ( casablanca 's maj. is under all that make-up somewhere ) plays his minion , cesare .
all the weirdness becomes clear ( sort of ) with one of film 's earliest twist endings ( which i will not reveal here ) ; what seems to be an insane doctor carrying out a series of murders turns out to be something else entirely , and our hero narrator turns out to be unreliable .
this film is nothing like anything else that came out in 1920 .
kevin : from the first frame , this is unlike anything before it .
films have always tried to convey emotion , sometimes a sense of uneasiness through the lighting or the sets , but caligari creates its atmosphere in every inch of celluloid , with its freakish sets , over-the-top performances , and garish make-up .
watching it , we know it 's not real , the doors are all shaped wrong and the walls look like they 're about to fall into each other , but we 're completely immersed in more and more whacked-out imagery and storytelling until reality itself is incidental .
as frances recounts the tale , he says , `` it began in the town of my birth . ``
we then cut to a bizarre and disturbing matte painting of this town , but it 's a cluster of crooked houses piled all over a hill .
i said , `` if i was born there , i 'd kill myself . ``
conrad veidt is just barely recognizable as cesare , and werner krauss looks like the devil 's favorite doctor .
it sure had my attention .
even so , i 'm surprised that i was so apprehensive to watch such a milestone film , even given its short runtime of 75 minutes .
but i 'm glad i 've watched it now , so that every time i see freaky imagery in a movie , like universal 's horror films , i know exactly where it came from .
last film viewed : the mummy ( 1932 ) .
next film viewed : the wind ( 1928 ) .
last film chronologically : broken blossoms ( 1919 ) .
next film chronologically : way down east ( 1920 ) .
the movie odyssey is an exhaustive , chronological project where we watch as many milestone films as possible , starting with d.w. griffith 's intolerance in 1916 and working our way through , year by year , one film at a time .
we also write a short review for each and every film .
in this project , we hope to gain a deeper understanding of the time period , the films of the era , and each film in context , while at the same time just watching a lot of great movies , most of which we never would have watched otherwise .

1
i 'll keep this rather short .
i had to watch this for a film history class and was rather put off by the whole plot .
i read the synopsis but felt it would n't be as good as its contemporary nosferatu ( ironically , another film i would have not seen if not for college ) .
i was pleasantly surprised and strongly urge anyone with an appreciation for silent films to put this on your list of `` must see . ``
even if you do n't have an appreciation for the genre or era , you can see parallels with modern film in the characters , setting , etc . .
the ending was definitely a surprise and , for me personally , is reminiscent of memento ( a favorite of mine ) .
i really have come to enjoy films done in the german expressionist time , and have actively attempted to view all the films of the german expressionist movement .
the cabinet of dr. caligari definitely ranks in the top three of best silent films .
if you 're skeptical as i was , i hope that you give it a shot -- you never know what you may like if you do n't try it !

1
there are a very small number of early films which have achieved the status of major classics , usually because they introduced some significant and important technological advance that was subsequently developed and exploited more fully by later movie makers .
these films are required viewing for students in technical colleges or universities who are training for a career in some way related to movie production .
most of these colleges have carefully preserved 16 mm copies of this select group of films which are dusted off and shown to the students each year ; but until recently it has not been easy for the ordinary movie buff to obtain copies than can be added to a personal collection .
i have vivid memories of first seeing `` the cabinet of dr caligari `` , and many other early film classics , at a small repertory cinema which primarily catered for the students of the university i was attending ; but i did not see them again for several decades , and this type of small repertory cinema is hard to find today even in major university cities .
instead many of these classic films have now been released as videotapes or dvd 's and can be fairly readily purchased for home viewing by anyone with a serious interest in the development of the cinema as we know it .
it is usually fascinating to watch them , but it is impossible to comment on them using the same standards as one would for a modern film .
the cabinet of dr caligari is a very significant film even among this small select group .
it is a silent film made and released in germany in 1920 , and is now generally recognised as the first important film to have used suspense and horror for its primary appeal to its audiences .
it 's original role appears to have been as a political treatise , but it is now regarded as a definitive expressionist masterpiece .
the sets are nightmarish with angular shapes and geometrical distortions that continually underline the differences between human perception and reality .
they create a wonderful atmosphere for the telling of this gothic story , which relates to a dr. caligari who demonstrates at a local fairground that he can use hypnotism to force a somnambulist he has in a coffin like cabinet to carry out orders on his behalf .
murder and abduction lead to dr caligari fleeing and being traced to a lunatic asylum where it is not clear whether he is an inmate or the director .
the nightmarish atmosphere is skilfully created and well maintained throughout the story , and there is a twist at the end which was new for films of this period but has been copied by numerous more modern directors since .
the photography is clear , crisp and definitive throughout , but this only accentuates the atmosphere of fantasy created by the sets .
makers of modern music videos , who seem to believe that a sense of fantasy can only be created by showing a painful sequence of extremely short unrelated clips created with visually violent disco style lighting , should be force fed on this film until they reform their ways .
ultimately this film still provides very absorbing viewing , although some deterioration must have affected the available master copies and is still evident on modern vhs or dvd copies .
there are also small differences between the various copies available , both in the accompanying musical score and in the use of tinting for some of the scenes .
other reviews in this database provide some information on these differences , but overall i can only recommend readers who do not know this film to seek out any one of the home movie copies and to watch it .
it is not likely to prove a disappointment !

1
this movie was shot between 1919 and 1920 , a few decades since the motion picture camera was invented , and the lumiã¨re brothers were in the middle of their experiments with it .
at the time , cinema was being considered as a new way of making art , and yo make art you had to marry with a serie of ideas : ideology , aesthetics , , etc . .
in these terms , this movie belongs to the german expressionism , which is reflected in the entire setup : from characters make up to the background of the set .
having an average murder-mystery plot , the movie can be defined as a painting with some action occurring in it .
the whole scenario was displayed following the same criteria as in expressionist painting : all diagonal and curve lines , evading the straightness and the cardinal orientation of things , wicked perspectives and proportions .
even the more minimum detail was carefully considered to fulfill the aesthetics needs .
the result could n't have been better , considering that the only visual trick they could do was to the camera 's .
think that this was before the concept of travelling was even developed .
concerning the plot , yet it 's true that it is n't really the great thing and that many people now a days find it boring , i got to enjoy it , further than its aesthetical function ( i even got to laugh in a couple of scenes ) , and i highly recommend it , as a good old piece of art from which many of today 's film makers may take some good lessons on how to approach movies .
i 'm sure that if they got understand that , then there would be much lesser crappy movies than there are now a days .

1
this film does for the eyes what punk did for the ears .
dr caligari through one medium stimulates all the senses .
the images are so overtly stimulating that one is either entranced or else is switched off .
by literally transposing the essence of german expressionism to frame every scene , one is aware of voyeurism at it 's most intrusive .
the ending is the best ever , since it forces one to watch the whole film again to try to reconcile truth from fantasy .
no film in history can match the stimulus created by wiene in this film .
this is a start to finish meal for the eyes and brain .

1
i have n't see many silent movies up to now , but i have enjoyed all the ones i have watched .
i ca n't say why , but it seems to me silent movies are just enchanting .
`` das kabinett des doktor caligari `` is really irresistible !
i read about it in a book and i took that as a suggestion .
when i saw the movie i just could n't stopping smiling due to the pure art it is .
this film is a living evidence cinema is never old or new ... it is just eternal .

1
the influence of this film simply can not be over-stated .
it is not only a picture that exemplifies german expressionist cinema but it also arguably invented the horror film too .
sure , there were movies with horror elements before caligari , but this is surely the one that formulated it into a full-length feature .
not only that but this is also where the art film began too .
films would simply never be the same again after the cabinet of dr. caligari .
of course the first thing that is immediately obvious is the bizarre visual aesthetic and bold set design .
everything is at uncomfortable angles .
trees and grass look like blades .
doors and windows are never symmetrical .
buildings are shaped in impossible angular styles .
everything is awash with extreme lighting , while the sets are painted with abstract and expressionistic designs .
the crazed look of the film is of course meant to represent the insanity of the central character 's mind .
this must surely be the first time that cinema had tried to visually represent the subjective inner workings of a psychologically damaged mind .
it also was pioneering in that the framing story where we meet the troubled protagonist also allowed for a flashback narrative and twist ending -- both revolutionary ideas at the time .
needless to say that the film features extreme melodramatic acting that was prevalent at the time in the silent era .
however , despite all this , conrad veidt is terrific as the somnambulist .
this is a character that remains very compelling to this day .
his combination of darkness with a ballet dancer 's graceful movements is one that will never get old .
cesare remains iconic and always will be .
which is something which can be said for the cabinet of dr. caligari in general .
this ancient film remains mysterious , evocative and bold .
it 's one of the most important films ever made and its dream-like ambiance is something that should be seen by anyone at all interested in the formation of cinema as an art form .

1
a german expressionist classic with warped sets , lots of shadows , and heavy makeup , this is one of the first modern horror films .
it is also one of the first serious films with a `` twist `` ending .
you never are really sure of what is going on , and you are soon caught up in trying to figure out who is committing the murders .
two men , alan and francis , are rivals for the same girl , jane ( lil dagover ) .
after visiting a circus with dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) and his somnambulist caesar ( conrad veidt ) , alan ( hans heinrich von twardowski ) is murdered .
suspicion , of course , falls on the somnambulist .
when the murderer comes to kill jane , he takes her instead .
after chasing the murderer , francis ( friedrich feher ) ends up at an insane asylum , where he discovers the caligari secret .
but does he really discover what is going on ?

1
the cabinet of dr. caligari is one of those films that , although almost 90 years old , has not lost any of the impact that early audiences must have felt .
one of the earliest horror movies and one of the first in the movement known as german expressionism , robert wiene presents a nightmarish world where nothing seems quite right and everything is just a little `` off `` from what is normally considered reality .
the film opens with a telling of tales and the main part of the film is the telling of the tale of a sideshow in a traveling fair with a somnambulist attraction .
however , strange murders start to happen around this somnambulist and dr. caligari , his handler .
as the plot progresses , things are not as they seem leading up to an early twist ending that would seem to contradict the initial social message of the film .
i like the surreal .
i enjoy nightmares .
and i suspect that is why i enjoy this movie so much .
it is a slow paced nightmare , with an effective use of the contrast of light and dark , and a set in which the angles , corners and even the level surfaces are all wrong .
the story is compelling , the acting competent and convincing and the soundtrack ( at least on the version i watched ) beautiful and fitting .
for those who enjoy silent surreal films , this is one not to miss .

1
here is a movie considered to be a german expressionist classic .
the visual style had an influence on tim burton films ( and that is clear ) as well as it being one of the first movies to have a twist ending .
so what did i think of it ?
i thought it was pretty good .
the plot of this movie is that a man talks to another about a travelling fair , it has dr caligari in it , who owns a somnambulist show .
when the fair arrives murders start to happen , including the narrator 's ( well it 's silent so it is n't really a narrator ) friend .
is caligari responsible ?
is he controlling the somnambulist in some way ?
or is it something else ?
watch it and find out .
now i am not going to tell you a thing about the twist .
it 's not one of those ones where clues pop up that give you an answer .
it is actually one that also fits in with the story .
the visual style is something to comment on because at this point in time , film was in it 's very early stages .
the visual style to this movie is wonderful .
it suitably looks as if this entire movie is crazy ( which it is ) .
i also read somewhere the backgrounds were made entirely out of paper , which if that is the case only makes me further compliment it .
i might be wrong on that though .
so if you want to see a very interesting silent film about insanity , one of the first twist endings or want to see an influence on tim burton 's visual style then this is for you .

1
robert wiene 's 1920 classic , the cabinet of dr. caligari , was one of the first silent films i saw , if not the very first .
while i am not sure if i would call it a good introduction to the medium per se , as it does not resemble much of what i have seen since , it was nevertheless a fine way to start .
first and foremost , caligari is a superb exercise in style .
from the very first moment , timothy brock 's ominous , almost perverse , score sets the tone for the film ( that is , if you watch the 1996 restoration like i did ) , and after that , it never quite lets go .
after a brief introduction taking place in present time , a flashback about a strange series of events in the small german town of begins .
of course , from this moment on , the deservedly acclaimed set design takes the center stage ; as if seen through the eyes of a madman , the viewer is thrown into a wildly expressionistic world of tilted houses , painted walls and asymmetric objects that are truly a sight to behold , and that i have not seen in any films before it , or since .
that the sets take away some focus from some of the other aspects is perhaps wise .
none of the actors seem to possess any charisma whatsoever .
even werner krauss in what should be a grateful part as dr. caligari , does little more than to look as a , well , crazy doctor .
also , the film does not have the most memorable plot -- it does drag a bit , and i never really felt like i wanted to know what would happen next , since it all seemed pretty straightforward .
however , the excellent twist ending certainly redeemed the story , and there were a few great scenes before that , such as dr. caligari 's haunting experience in the woods , and the mysterious scene inside his cabinet .
in any event , possible complaints notwithstanding , the film comes a long way purely as eye ( and ear ) candy .

1
the design , the shadows , the warped artificial reality - the cabinet of dr. caligari is both a classic in horror cinema and also a prime example of german expressionism , without which would be missing a number of great films and tim burton 's movies would probably look a hell of a lot different .
the story is a simple one : dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) turns up in town as part of a travelling fair , with his somnambulist known as cesare ( conrad veidt ) .
the doctor has cesare in his power and can wake him as part of his act to get a prediction or two .
but if cesare predicts death then death will occur .
francis ( friedrich feher ) thinks he knows the disturbing truth but does he have an overactive imagination ?
some people may not watch black and white movies , some people may not watch silent movies .
hell , some people may not watch movies from any country other than their own .
nevertheless , they should give this one a watch .
it 's got great atmosphere , fantastic visuals , a slim story that manages to grip you as it unfolds and just everything in the right amount that makes it a very deserving classic staying on the lists of many horror fans .
while the acting , by those mentioned and also lil dagover and hans heinrich von twardowski in two other main roles , may sometimes be as exaggerated and stilted as many of the silent era performances were it just feeds into the dreamy , surreal vibe of the whole thing .
hans janowitz and carl mayer wrote the thing , and deserve a mention , but the most praise is reserved for director robert wiene , who made a movie that still impresses almost a full century later .
even more impressively , it still raises goosebumps in one or two scenes which is a damn fine achievement .
do yourself a favour and complete your horror self-education by making sure that you see this one .

1
robert wiene 's 1920 film the cabinet of dr. caligari is one of the prime examples of german expressionism in film .
in the movie , a man who later we find it is dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) , expresses interest in showing off something of his at the local fair .
we are shown the fair and dr. caligari later reveals that he has a 23 year old man who has been sleeping for 23 years , and tells the audience he is to awaken him .
additionally , his somnambulist cesare ( conrad veidt ) , can allegedly answer any question about the past , present or future .
a man named alan ( hans heinrich von twardowski ) asks how long he is to live , and cesare tells him only until dawn of the next day .
this prophecy is fulfilled and sets off a series of tangled events involving murder , kidnapping , and inmates of an insane asylum .
the entire story is told in a flashback by alan 's friend francis ( friedrich feher ) , one of the first movies to be told using frame story .
this becomes important as the final plot twist provides ample space for ambiguity in the storyteller 's tale .
the aforementioned german expressionism is prevalent through-out the film .
some theories suggest that because of germany 's lack of access to american films during world war i , the germans developed their own unique style , clearly influenced by the works of expressionist painters .
this comes through to us almost exclusively through the art direction .
in fact , the art direction of the film was done by hermann warm , walter , and walter reimann , who were expressionist artists .
the sets feature distorted and oddly angled buildings and shadows ( which were actually painted shadows as it was cheaper than actually setting up the lighting ) gloom ominously on the set .
this is not done without reason , and was indeed done to show the manic states of one of the characters ( exactly which remains ambiguous ) .
unfortunately , and despite making some masterpieces , many german expressionist filmmakers , including wiene in this film , may not have lived up to the full potential of their ideas .
while they missed out of american movies of the world war i era , filmmakers like d. w. griffith were progressing film-making techniques .
the shots in the cabinet of dr. caligari are mostly long and medium shots , with minimal use of close-ups .
additionally , the camera remains completely static the entire time .
the expressionism comes solely out of the art direction , whereas camera movements and cuts could have expressed the same insanity in more cinematic terms .
however , this expressionism is still seen today in cinema ( likely influenced by films such as these ) , in films like those of tim burton .
the screening i saw of the film featured a contemporary score .
the score certainly helped in setting the mood for the film , and at times highly intensified the situation .
i was slightly off - put however when the saxophone solos occurred .
it seemed off in a way i ca n't personally fully explain .
it exuded an odd feel for what was essentially a horror score , and gave off more of dystopian ambiance to me .
although the static camera will always represent a slightly missed chance , robert wiene 's film is still considered a masterpiece and will always be a poster child for the german expressionism of the silent era .

1
i 'm not going to write an essay on this ( already had to do that at uni ) but i had to express my love for this film .
the visuals of it are amazing and really last with you long after you have finished watching it .
the influences on the director and auteur tim burton is clear for all to see and even alfred hitchcock was quite heavily influenced by german expressionism in the very early days of his directorial career ( just watch ` the lodger ' if you do n't believe me ) .
it is an extremely effective style of film - the lack of sound only heightens the excellent eeriness that is so carefully crafted and built up through the film .
the narrative is almost unimportant next to the literal re-creation of the nightmare .
this is not a positive viewpoint of the world - one scene that stayed with me ( and comes back to me everyday as i climb up onto my awkwardly high stool ) is the man who represents authority - i believe he is a clerk or something of the like - perched on this ridiculously tall stool .
authority is both mocked and represented as a scary , out of control , dark force ( dr caligari for god 's sake is the keeper in the asylum !
) the ending is satisfyingly open to interpretation - something that contemporary films should take note of .
it 's always a disappointment to watch a fairly good horror film only to have it resolved in a clichã©d , boring , predictable way .
some feel rushed into a cheese fest of a happy ending - that simply does no one any favours and is actually quite an insult to film goers .
anyway - enough rambling .
if you are , in any way , wavering about whether or not to watch this film just watch it !
you have nothing to lose and an image of an original , influential , skewered pov of the world to gain at the very least .

1
cabinet can be a little slow for modern moviegoers .
the set design marvelously complements the storyline and , in retrospect , provides a hint of the ending .
ending pays off .
today 's directors still use this ending .
slice of cinematic history worth seeing once .

1
having only started discovering silent movies recently , i do n't have more than a handful of other to compare it to .
this however was not only one of the best , most compelling and unique silents i have seen , but also a great flick overall .
it 's all been said before , i 'm sure , but i 'll say it again : this is a milestone of german expressionist cinema .
it is also a class-a movie ( excuse my french ) , one of those stories that 'll leave you eternally scratching your head trying to figure out what you 've seen , what to believe and what can be a plausible explanation for most of the creepy mysteries you 've just witnessed .
right from the very opening scene , seemingly suspended in an otherworldly dimension , maybe somewhere in between life and death , in which the first line spoken is : `` there are spirits everywhere `` , you realise you are in for a spooky ride ( this is the ultimate halloween movie , come to think of it !
) having studied theatre set and costume design at rome 's art school for a year before going to university , i was obviously completely fascinated by the set design choices here .
buildings and furniture , props and painted backdrops are elongated and deformed into blocky , savage , expressionistic , and forms .
even the intertitles were n't of the traditional sort .
the result is obviously one of unsettling the viewer further into believing themselves suspended in a reality where anything could happen - anything horrible or nightmarish , obviously .
nothing is as it seems , right to the very end .
btw , on a more frivolous note , i thought the character of cesare the somnambulist looked uncannily like something that might have influenced tim burton into creating edward scissorhands , or maybe even more , the look of some of the characters in rocky horror picture show .

1
` the cabinet of dr. caligari ' may not be the kind of film that would shock today 's audience , but its fascinating and horrific use of surrealistic atmosphere clearly had an influence on modern filmmakers such as david cronenberg and david lynch .
while the story is not as involving as other german masterworks of the era , such as `` metropolis , `` it can be appreciated for its unique vision .
the thing that really strikes me about this film is the way the set design reflects the unstable mind of the narrator .
the exterior scenes often include painted backgrounds featuring houses with sloped roofs and jutting edges , along with mountains that seem to twist and curl upwards into the sky .
although these backgrounds are not realistic , they convincingly depict the gothic , surrealistic atmosphere with imagination and verve .
the interior scenes have a claustrophobic feeling that generates from the walls , which are often at odd angles and slanting inward as they rise .
much of the design appears to be influenced by cubism ; even the sinister dr. caligari looks .
the lighting also reflects the chilling mood , with shadows haunting the nooks and crannies in the background .
the characters in the film sometimes seem equally freakish .
all the actors wear makeup that make them appear as pale as a ghost , and the men are decked out in dark suits and capes .
ominous figures approach the camera directly in two haunting sequences early on : in the opening scene , when we see jane walking towards us in a ghost-like white gown , and in the initial carnival scene , when steps out of his box .
in the end , we learn that it is really francis who was insane the whole time ; thus , the sets during the story , which is told by francis himself , reflect his disoriented mind .
not surprisingly , the bookend scenes where he tries to tell his tale to an old man in a garden are the only ones to involve natural surroundings , such as trees and grass .
for a one-hour horror film , `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` requires a lot of concentration on the viewer 's part , especially since the story sometimes seems fragmented .
nonetheless , it will no doubt prove fascinating for years to come .

1
german expressionism in its most basic simplified term is `` expressing in visual form what the artist is feeling and thinking `` it started in germany at the start of the 20th century and by 1920 found itself in cinema .
the cabinet of dr caligari is one of the first german expressionism films and remains one of the best , a fact reflected in the way it keeps slipping in and out of this site 's top 250 movies the story itself is fairly simple to modern audiences but is far more complex than many movies from the period where directors still saw themselves as magicians rather than storytellers .
it 's not often that a film from these days has the type of ending seen here .
what is typical for is the set design which is bizarre and discordant .
a fair come to town and a spins in the background at a near impossible angle while the buildings are of a shape and jagged architecture that do n't exist in any town you 've seen in real life one good thing about silent cinema ( the only good thing according to some critics ) is how easy it is to sell an non english film abroad .
all that has to be done is swap the captions to a native language for the country showing it and then you 've got something universal .
though caligari remains an example of the german mentality of the time .
jewish film critic siegfried brought forward the theory that francis considers dr caligari to be a danger because he is an outsider and you can understand 's line of thought unfortunately one myth that has grown out of the cabinet of dr caligari is that it was the `` first horror film `` when in fact it 's not .
there is some dispute as to what was .
certainly i have seen a contender with the 1910 version of frankenstein directed by j. searle dawley .
it might have very metaphysical aspects to it but probably still qualifies as being under the horror genre

1
this 1920 film gets extra points for originality .
a young man , francis , tells a stranger an odd tale of a carnival man , dr. caligari , who comes to town to show the locals his `` somnambulist `` , cesare .
cesare has been asleep for twenty-five years and only comes awake on the command of dr. caligari .
cesare sleeps in a cabinet resembling a casket .
during the show , cesare answers questions from the audience and predicts the future .
when francis ' best friend , alan , asks jokingly how long he will live , cesare answers , `` the time is short .
you die tomorrow . ``
big joke .
alan is stabbed dead during the night , just one of several mysterious murders that have taken place since caligari and his infernal cabinet waltzed into town .
i do n't know how much i want to get into the plot itself .
the ending is n't really predictable , so let 's just say francis manages to convince the police that caligari and his somnambulist are responsible for the murders and there is a chase .
however , the first thing one notices about the film is not the character , all of whom overact according to the standards of silent movies -- and cecil b. demille 's sound movies .
after francis launches into his tale , what one notices are the sets .
this is one cockeyed world that he and his friends inhabit .
it 's a cartoon world .
these are all indoor sets that seem built of plywood .
the backdrop is a complicated suggestion of a mountain with a village on its slopes , but it 's sloppily drawn , like the rest of the decorations , as if by a child with a set of finger paints .
the carousel at the fair spins at 45 degrees from plumb .
what passes for streets , buildings , roofs , chimneys , and interiors are all drunkenly askew , leaning this way and that , each on its own trip and totally indifferent to the leanings of others .
one might say there is n't a right angle in the joint .
i 've never seen anything like it .
the characters , their dress and grooming , fit right into this insane landscape .
when we are first introduced to cesare , when caligari opens the door of the upright casket , we 're treated to a close up of conrad veidt 's face with its black eye shadow and the thin glossy smear of what looks like paste across his thin lips .
and when he opens his eyes , it 's pretty spooky -- the equal of karloff 's monster when he first appears and slowly shuffles around toward the camera .
caligari himself is adorned with an unruly aura of white hair and thick , eyeglasses .
he wears white gloves with three thin black strips on the back , just like mickey mouse .
it might be possible to argue that this is expressionism for expressionism 's sake -- but that 's not the case .
the framing story takes place in sets that more closely resemble the world that you and i are familiar with .
the garden of earthly delights in which most of the story takes place is as crazy as it is for a good reason , which i ca n't explain here .
there 's no other film quite like it .
expressionism been pretty influential over the years , but the dark shadows and crooked streets of most later films are only dry , dead leaf echoes of this original .

1
`` the doll `` is a delightful feature -- the best i 've seen of director ernst lubitsch 's german films .
the deliberately artificial and often theatrical settings , flat backdrops , fake trees and people in horse costumes included , by kurt richter add to the picture 's enchantment and fairytale-like narrative .
`` the doll `` is similar in this approach to maurice tourneur 's 1918 films `` the bluebird `` and `` prunella `` .
like the `` bluebird `` , `` the doll `` has a few moments that seem reminiscent of the of early cinema pioneer georges mã©liã¨s , such as the moon 's facial expressions and the stop-motion animation to change the doll maker 's hair .
additionally , artificial theatricality was also adopted for `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` ( 1920 ) , although in a very different way .
lubitsch begins the film well by appearing in front of the camera to introduce and arrange the mise-en-scã¨ne in miniature , a scene that then fades to the actual set and beginning of the story proper .
in the film , the baron 's nephew does n't want to marry a woman , so he purchases what he believes is a life-size doll for his wife .
meanwhile , a real woman , the doll maker 's daughter , is pretending to be that doll to hide that the doll maker 's apprentice broke the doll that was based on her appearance .
so , the nephew thinks he 's fooling everyone , when he 's the one being fooled .
it 's a simple narrative , briskly plotted , and very well enacted .
the inherit sexism is n't lost on lubitsch either , as a humorous advertisement offers the doll maker 's product to widowers and misogynists alike .
additionally , there are a few light sex jokes throughout .
ossi is wonderful , cute and funny , with her various expressions and movements , including the dancing , as she plays the character masquerading as a lifeless doll .
her performance significantly helps make this photoplay entertaining .
the slapstick and subplot antics between the doll maker and his young apprentice are even amusing and appreciated .
dancing and a comedy chase make their way into this and other lubitsch films .
moreover , the themes of mistaken identity or masquerading as acting and doubles underlie the humor of several lubitsch comedies , in germany and america .
his three earliest comedies that i 've seen ( `` the merry jail `` , `` i do n't want to be a man `` and `` the oyster princess `` ) all play with these ideas in different ways , with characters pretending to be someone else .
the girl is n't only doubled as a doll ; her image is literally doubled photographically during a dream scene .
moreover , the theme of fakery extends further in `` the doll `` : the dolls are fake , a real woman fakes being one of them , which is supported by the fake appearance of much of the film 's production design .
the entire production coalesces to firmly establish the film 's world as fantasy .
the sets and designs of lubitsch 's german films seem to have always been impressive , but in some of those films , it feels that they overwhelm their plays , or that the narratives and characters were never equal to the grand , but in `` the doll `` , it all fits together .

1
harold lloyd had been working at finding the right vehicles for himself .
he had abandoned the bizarre costumes worn by most movie clowns in the 1910s in favor of of his glasses character .
however , his comedy construction was still bone-breaking slapstick and his stories were little more than frames to hang the gags on .
it was in 1919 , when he slowed down production a trifle that he began to catch his breath and to allow his natural charm to begin to shine through .
in this one , he and bebe are running away from her father , played by bud jamison and their car breaks down in front of a low dance hall where snub pollard is a waiter .
and it is that dance hall that we finally begin to see the harold lloyd of the 1920s as he and bebe are given medium close up reaction shots when things happen and as they step out on the dance floor -- apparently the two of them would go out dancing after production wrapped .
there 's a charm in the way they react to each other , instead of to the script ; and the way they suddenly break loose in defense of bud jamison makes perfect sense .
it 's not a classic harold lloyd picture , but the sudden revelation of the elements that will make classic lloyd pictures makes it very important .

1
this two-reeler was my introduction to harold lloyd , and while it did n't convince me that he was on the same level as chaplin and keaton ( which safety last !
, girl shy and the freshman later did ) i found it very amusing and ahead of its time in several ways .
here , harold is awakened by a ringing telephone .
his girlfriend is on the line , to remind him that he 's late for a theatrical production in which he plays a masked prince .
he gets up in a hurry , but is interrupted when he manages to drive through his neighbor 's wall with his car .
on the way , he 's constantly annoyed by auto troubles , cops and similar typical , which are all superbly structured to make matters worse for harold and thus to make us who watch him laugh the most .
some of the gags were later by buster keaton , such as when harold makes a turn with his car and crashes a parade , and when he -- followed by two furious cops -- drives against a , one of them decorated with a `` danger ! ``
- sign placed near the fringe .
he rushes the right way and places the sign behind , the result being that the cops drive the wrong way , against a group of miners .
although silent surely are familiar with such kind of gags , get out and get under contributes plenty of surprises and laughs .
what 's mainly remembered about this short comedy seen from a historical perspective is that it was the first film harold lloyd appeared in after having blown off a finger on his right hand .
he was close to death , but , being the same optimist as he is in get out and get under , he survived miraculously and became an international star .
i highly recommend this little comedy to fans and newcomers alike !

1
this is one of harold lloyd 's most enjoyable short comedies , but if things had turned out differently it might never have been made at all .
get out and get under was one of the first films lloyd appeared in after recovering from a freak accident that nearly claimed his life .
in the fall of 1919 , while harold was posing for a publicity photo , actor nat clifford innocently handed him what was believed to be a prop bomb ; the bomb exploded , and both men were badly injured .
after a period of convalescence harold resumed his career , but his facial scars are visible in his first close-up in this film , and if you watch his right hand carefully you can see that he 's wearing a prosthetic device in place of the fingers lost in the explosion .
nat clifford is here too , as the neighbor at work in his garden .
despite the circumstances under which it was made get out and get under is a surprisingly cheerful comedy , though much of the humor relies on anxiety and frustration : harold plays an actor in an amateur theater production trying to get to the show , but auto troubles and other problems hinder him every step of the way .
after a somewhat measured opening the story builds in momentum and suspense , becoming funnier , loonier , and more surreal as it goes along .
one bit involving the creative use of a pup tent is especially memorable .
some of the gags suggest routines identified with buster keaton , as when harold makes a wrong turn and crashes a parade ( as buster would do in cops ) or is sidetracked into a railroad yard and gets doused by one of those water spouts ( as buster did several times ) .
it all goes to show that there was a lot of borrowing and in silent comedy ; lloyd certainly returned the favor and borrowed from keaton on other occasions .
in any event , our hero ultimately achieves his goal , wins the girl , and delivers a neat pay-off gag in time for the fade-out .
modern viewers might be surprised at the sequence involving a drug addict harold meets during his adventure ; the man is actually shown injecting a substance , presumably cocaine , into his arm , leading to a routine reminiscent of chaplin 's easy street but with a surprise twist .
( oddly enough , prolific character actor william gillespie played the dope fiend in both movies !
) this sort of subject matter would become absolutely taboo when the production code kicked in during the '30s , but jokes about illegal substances and drug addicts crop up fairly often in silent comedy .
also of note here is the presence of ernie `` sunshine sammy `` morrison , the first african-american kid in the our gang series , who plays the boy who insists on participating while harold is trying to fix his engine .
sammy has an easygoing charm and naturalness before the cameras that is striking in this sequence .

1
this is hardly lloyd 's best film , but it is fun .
notice a couple of superb shots , amazing for 1920 , but indicative of what b/w film could do .
tcm 's print is exceptionally good .
also , the nighthawks provide a wonderful musical accompaniment , based on the popular song of the era , from which ( i assume ) the movie derives its title -- `` get out and get under . ``
these were the times when `` get a horse ! ``
was still considered an amusing response to the breakdowns that tin lizzies tended to experience .
those tended to shake when running , and the film uses that tendency for a couple of jokes on lloyd 's character and the automobiles of the early 1920s .
the chase scenes may be typical , but they are very good .
i always marvel at the incredible timing that characterizes them .

1
, the skilled septuagenarian actress who plays dame margarete , died in august , 1920 , two months before this film opened -- a heartbreaking irony , in part because the plot involves her youthful husband marrying her only to await her death .
the film has marvelous comic moments , capitalizing on the fact that medieval european peasants suffered from backbreaking work , a total absence of education , and a desperate need for dentists .
the scene when a couple of clerics ( the losers ) compete for the job of parson by delivering sermons in which they inadvertently skewer their own backwardness is priceless , especially as they are speaking to a congregation of bedraggled and toothless locals who were mostly in church to nap .
and the scene where an old lady hocks something out of her nose before returning to her needlepoint -- fabulous .
dreyer , a committed naturalist who did n't even approve of make-up on his performers , shot this film on location at , norway , in an open-air museum of 200 medieval buildings .
even the interiors are authentic .
every frame shows it .
watch particularly for a folk wall hanging in dame margarete 's home .
this is another silent gem from the director of the passion of joan of arc .

1
it took a while to latch on to this story because its characters are n't initially very likable .
a young parson is willing to do anything to get a job , including marrying the past parson 's widow .
since she is quite old , he figures she ca n't last long .
he continues this charade , even moving his fiancã©e into the house ( pretending to be his sister ) .
meanwhile the widow , a homely woman who has had to endure this rule more than once , bides her time , lives her life , and has no pretensions of anything other than mutual living space .
as time passes , she begins to grow on the young man .
he sees her for the caring , loving person she is .
there is not romantic involvement , only the saving of a soul and the reclamation of a charlatan .
this is a simple film that has an excellent message .

1
kenneth brampton was one of many australian film-makers who appeared and disappeared quickly on the silent film scene in australia .
film distribution was controlled largely by the american studios , and australian films had real trouble getting a look-in .
as a result many great talents were wasted .
kenneth brampton seems to be one of these - because this film is really very good .
it 's a yarn , very popular at the time , about captain starlight , played well by brampton himself , and his co-horts the marsden family .
dick marsden is especially well played by roland conway , who is the quintessential aussie bloke .
but it is the excellent cinematography , lovingly filming the australian bush , that really shines here - and brampton 's strong sense of narrative , perhaps from his stage background , keeps the story moving at a great pace .
you 'll really feel for the characters - and there is some fabulous surreal stuff toward the end .
this is a gem of an australian silent film - i 'd like to see it released with a really fine music soundtrack .

1
a bit old fashioned for today 's standards this little gem manages to hold our interest for the very young but very talented comic genius keaton .
before he would go on writing and/or directing his greatest movie keaton acted in this role of the multimillionaire son of a wall-street broker , unprepared to meet the demands of the world but very good natured on the other hand .
one of the first images that made me laugh was when we see his picture in which he appears as utterly confused of what 's going on before him .
what i always appreciated at keaton was his talent to appear completely out of tune with the world surrounding him .
for the rest of the world he seems `` goofy `` but it is seen at close analysis that it may be the world that is paradoxical and confused and so buster 's reaction to it seems justified .
the cinematography and direction are nothing special and the story is just another nice and sweet romance with a touch of humor that was very common in the twenties .
the best part of the movie is , arguably , the last twenty minutes or so when keaton , who bought a seat on the floor with 100 thousand $ because `` furniture is expensive nowadays `` , battles the lions on wall-street literally .
this is a great episode , anticipation of great things to come with its use of physical humor and slapstick as metaphors for deeper ideas .

1
you ca n't keep a good story down .
dw griffith 's film of way down east was an adaptation of a popular play of the late 19th century , but that play was itself a rather flagrant rip-off of the robert hardy novel tess of the d'urbervilles .
true , the ending was substantially altered , and way down east 's conclusions were moralist compared with hardy 's bold progressiveness , but this in a way just goes to show how almost identical situations and characters can be adapted to suit a variety of means .
griffith keeps the moral sentiments of the play , but for this `` elaboration `` ( the word used in the picture 's publicity material at the time ) he craftily sheers it of its staginess to produce a work of pure cinema .
technically griffith may by now have been overtaken by his peers , but he has lost none of his ability to show character and intention through meaningful staging and encouragement of naturalistic acting .
for example , when lillian gish turns up at her rich relatives ' home , no title card reveals her sense of being out of her depth , but griffith often keeps her in long shot , emphasising the isolating vastness of the house , and this has an impact on how we view the scene .
we then realise mrs tremont 's embarrassment at having this poor cousin walk into her life by the distance the woman keeps from gish and her awkward attempts to avoid eye contact .
one of the most nicely done scenes is the one of gish 's wedding to lowell sherman .
unconventionally , he keeps the camera behind the pastor , obscuring the couple , and keeping a cold empty space in the foreground .
this really gives us the impression that something is not right here , even though we have n't been explicitly told so yet .
what really impresses about way down east is its beauty , which suffuses almost every frame -- exquisite countryside vistas , painterly shot compositions , not to mention many radiant close-ups of ms gish .
griffith always liked to make his pictures pleasing to the eye , but there is method in all this gorgeousness .
griffith uses natural beauty to emphasise the idyll of the bartlett farm , and it 's no coincidence that this is at its most striking in the shots when gish first arrives there .
and griffith continually flatters gish with the camera , framing her tenderly and often in soft focus , creating a visual metaphor for her delicacy and purity .
gish 's acting is of top standard , far better than the hysterical hamming she displayed in the previous year 's broken blossoms .
it 's also nice to see her in a proper adult role rather than the disturbingly odd little girl figure she was in that earlier picture .
richard barthelmess is also excellent , and like gish he is capable of expressing a lot by doing very little .
together gish and barthelmess give what are probably the best lead performances of any of griffith 's features .
no-one else in this cast makes an exceptional impact , but none of them is outstandingly bad either .
a fair few of those supporting players appear mainly for comic relief , and there are by griffith 's standards an unusually large number of comedic interludes in way down east .
this unfortunately was one of griffith 's biggest weak spots .
some of these gags look like they might be fairly funny in themselves , but they do n't look it because griffith keeps hammering them home with close-ups , making them seem forced and predictable .
he should have taken a leaf from his pal chaplin 's book , and shown a series of jokes in a continuous shot , giving them a more natural flow and getting more laughs as a result .
watching way down east also makes me wish griffith the writer had more confidence in griffith the director , as well as in his cast and his audience .
this picture has far more intertitles than it really needs .
there are several which reveal lennox to be a bounder , but these are superfluous because there are enough clues in the way he scenes are staged and the way lowell sherman plays him .
it would be far more satisfying for the audience if they were allowed to figure out for themselves that he is up to no good .
still , this is a comparatively small blight on what is one of dw griffith 's most visually lovely , deeply engaging and marvellously acted pictures .

1
this film has a great reputation as one of the classics of the silent cinema - starring lillian gish as anna , a simple soul from a poor family , but with rich relations ; richard barthelmess as david , the son of a country squire ; and lowell sherman as sanderson , an adventurer .
does it deserve its reputation ?
well , lillian gish was certainly an excellent actress , very natural and expressive , and while the film drags a bit in places ( and has some comedy scenes which really do n't belong ) , it does have one or two places where the emotion of what 's happening on screen reaches across the distance of nearly ninety years and makes the film work very well .
beautifully shot , especially the final scenes out on the river as the ice thaws , this is perhaps dw griffith 's best film - without the dubious racist leanings of birth of a nation or the ott leanings of intolerance .
` way down east ' , from a stage play , is an excellent film - yes , it is perhaps overly moralistic and more than a bit victorian in its tone , but it still works well .

1
lillian gish and fellow co-stars really bring home this great drama .
it 's interesting and exciting and wonderful to watch .
surely a legend of the 20th century , mr griffith outdid himself with this successful film and gish can only be praised for a great performance .
her pain and despair can be felt in the scene 's where she realises she 's been ` betrayed ' and she nurses her child while he slips from this world .
it 's acting at it 's finest for no words were necessary , it 's all in ` the look ' .
certainly 10 out of 10 , but if i were to make one comment about this film in the negative , it would be it 's length .
perhaps 15 to 20 minutes too long .
otherwise it 's majestic .

1
dw griffith 's ideal was that dreams can come true or should be shown to , and that cinema should work to that effect .
he carried all the other victorian values with him , the edifying fable , usually a big sappy story , grandiose love , austere morals , the struggle against forces of darkness .
these are old and mouldy relics now , and must have even seemed so at the time to young more radical cineastes abroad .
but he was our first master of technique and many learned from him , abel gance in france , sjostrom in sweden , of course chaplin , kuleshov and his film workshop .
here he perfects the business with layers he was still struggling with in intolerance .
intolerance always cut back and forth to very concrete moments in time , every intertitle announcing so in advance , as a result we got forced , simple metaphysics .
simple physics in fact , exhaustively so .
you did not have to do any work , merely be swept as part of one or the other mob .
it was clean linear history , movement in one direction .
i want to direct your attention to two instances here .
one is where we have just followed another segment of the misadventures of the naive country girl betrayed by the rich playboy , the film suddenly cuts away to the handsome country boy - her true love interest we presume - being jostled awake in bed as though from a bad dream and himself the dreamer of our story .
this has saturated so ubiquitously in film culture , it is now considered in bad taste to signify a dream scene in this way .
but griffith 's technique is nothing so concrete .
someone is dreaming because we 're dreaming he is .
the other is the awesomely mounted finale , impressive for just the selection of cascading imagery but now parting to reveal soul , the whole fabric of the world being torn beneath the feet of our heroine to reveal a liquid universe below , stories written in waters and swept away and forgotten .
in all the years of film since then we have only managed to invent a third layer on top of griffith 's two , adding in the equation the veracity of the author supplying the fabric and imagery , and have mostly spent that time transferring the whole more directly to the eye and perfecting links and arrangements .
more erudite filmmakers would envision complex worlds with more clarity , but as far as nuts and bolts film mechanics are concerned a lot of it is patented here .
dreamer plus visual states of mind .

1
lillian gish once said that she got sick of playing `` `` for d.w. griffith and longed to play women of the world rather than innocent .
she then inadvertently paid herself a great compliment when she added that it was far harder to play this sort of role than a vamp because it was far harder to make such a character interesting .
through a combination of her talent and 's direction her , such as anna moore in `` way down east `` continue to compel audiences decades later , long after many of the great vamp roles ( that , ironically , were once seen as a modern alternative to griffith 's good girl parts ) have been forgotten .
in `` way down east , `` gish , in a story very reminiscent of thomas hardy 's `` tess of the d'urbervilles `` plays a naã¯ve country girl who suffers , among offer things , the snobbery of rich cousins , a sham marriage , an illegitimate pregnancy and social ostracization .
such sagas of innocence abused are the sort of thing sophisticated audiences love to hate ( forgetting perhaps in the real world there are plenty of cases of innocence abused ) , but gish somehow makes the melodrama believable , from her joy on her wedding night ( that even makes her caddish seducer feel momentarily guilty ) , to her grief over her dead baby and most famously her fleeing into a blizzard after a local gossip has revealed the truth of her past to the farm family that has employed her .
this last part in particular could have become very contrived in the hands of a lesser actress ( the ice flow scenes practically beg for snide comparisons with `` uncle tom 's cabin `` ) , but perhaps because gish in general avoids over-emoting we do n't get the feeling that our feelings are being milked for the sake of sensationalism but rather that we are seeing a woman whose circumstances have earned her the right to lose emotional control .
gish is also helped by a good supporting cast including lowell sherman as the cad and richard as the decent farm boy who courts anna , but particularly memorable is the gossip whose open glee when she learns the truth about anna is chilling ( here as in `` intolerance `` griffith recognizes that the zeal of the righteous often has more to do with the pleasure of crucifying wrongdoers than anything else .
) `` way down east `` bears comparison with gish 's better known films , but avoid the cheap alpha dvd whose score consists of a few mournful bars of music played over and over .

1
buster keaton 's 1921 short stars the actor/director as a new york city bank teller .
keaton being keaton soon gets into trouble , spilling glue all over the counter and accidentally stopping a robbery before ending up in a haunted house .
the film begins with a shot of 1921 wall street .
i always like to see exterior shots in silent movies as it 's a rare chance to see the real world as it was back then .
the action then goes inside a small bank .
one of the funniest moments in this sequence is the sight of a customer with glue on his trousers getting stuck , backside to backside with another bank teller .
the second part of the film takes place in a large house in which counterfeiters have set up shop .
this is the funniest part of the film and features a recurring gag about some collapsing stairs which does n't get old .
the counterfeiters have filled the house with pretend ghosts in order to scare off police and intruders and keaton finds himself confronted with scare after scare , none of which are really scary but in fact quite funny .
we 're talking men with sheets over their heads and others dressed as skeletons .
the best part of the second act is two such skeletons who construct a man who appears , through cunning editing to come to life .
the film ends with a classic scene which has keaton receive a blow to the head and climb stairs to heaven .
when he gets to the top , the stairs collapse ( again ) and he plummets into hell .
all is well in the end though as when he wakes up in the arms of his love interest .
this is n't the best keaton film but i 've also seen worse .
its well worth checking out and at only 21 minutes wo n't take too much time to do so .
i laughed about nine or ten times in those 21 minutes which is a very good laugh per minute ratio and much higher than any 21st century comedy i 've seen .

1
this begins with buster being a crook .
first , he steals a newspaper from a man riding a merry-go-round .
it turns out to be the biggest newspaper you have ever seen !
he sees a `` help wanted `` ad for a worker in a shooting gallery .
you must be `` crack shot . ``
buster is n't , of course , but he cheats again and gets the job , thanks to a little ( and very clever ) scheme with a little dog .
( buster is not an honest man in this movie , but he sure is resourceful !
) .
the arcade is run by a giant of a man ( charles ?
) who is a member of the blinking buzzards , a brutal secret group of extortionists and hit men .
one of the men on their hit list is the town tightwad : `` august . ``
the latter , knowing his days are numbered , walks by the arcade , sees buster , and hires him as his bodyguard .
the big owner ( no name was ever given him ) comes back , takes buster to the buzzards hideout , makes him a member and gives him his first assignment : kill .
holy cow - buster is both the bodyguard and the hired assassin for the same man ! ! !
what to do ?
this fantastic premise - to be played out in the second half of the film , does n't really get going until the final few minutes , unfortunately .
we have to sit through a few meaningless scenes back at the arcade .
however , when buster , the target and his cute daughter , and all the buzzards all wind up in the same house - a great house filled with trap doors ... the finish is fantastic !

1
this metro short is one of keaton 's most inspired .
two long sequences , involving respectively a shooting gallery and a house full of trap doors are the two outstanding items here , but it is full of inventiveness .
gems include : the ever unfolding newspaper , the set up with the dog and bone to make the gong ring , painting a hook and then hanging his jacket and hat on it ; and the minute long sequence told in full view of all rooms of a two story house with non stop action where buster is chased through an ingenious series of false and trap doors .
although it only lasts a minute , this seems to go on wonderfully for much longer .
totally inspired madness .
kino 's print offers a full orchestral score and sound effects .
do n't miss this one .

1
the entrance of buster keaton 's unnamed character in ` the high sign ( 1921 ) ' is , in some ways , reminiscent of chaplin 's little tramp persona .
the wandering vagrant , named only our hero , is booted off a moving train , and lands in an unknown town , the audience denied any back-story or unnecessary exposition .
wandering into a nearby theme park , buster deftly snatches a newspaper from a moving carousel ( done so casually that he does n't look like he 's even trying ) , and attempts to read the mammoth broadsheet .
in search of a job , he happens upon an opening for a talented sharp-shooter , and , despite inadvertently gunning down a duck with his practice shots , buster feels that he 's qualified enough for the position .
chaplin 's tramp was never averse to breaking the rules if he was n't hurting anybody who did n't deserve it , and keaton 's hero is no different .
by rigging an ingenious to falsify the carnival stall , buster fools his massive employer into believing that he is an ace with the rifle .
but , of course , if the plan had gone smoothly , then there would n't have been a story to tell .
it seems that the employer is also a member of the blinking buzzards mob , a bold bad bunch of blood-thirsty bandits with a curious affinity for the letter `` b. `` buster is enlisted to assassinate one of the gang 's enemies , and , by a curious turn of events , is also employed as that very same man 's bodyguard ( our hero , ever the hopeless romantic , accepts the latter job only to impress the target 's pretty daughter , played by burkett ) .
when he steadfastly refuses to carry out the hit , buster 's reckless bid to escape the buzzards ' fists leads him on a farcical anarchic chase through concealed doorways and hidden compartments , a madcap comedic set-piece that never takes the time to slow down .
despite this memorable virtuoso finale , keaton apparently felt unsure of the quality of his first independent two-reeler , and ` the high sign ' was shelved until the following year , when a broken ankle slowed the performer 's output .

1
what amazes me in every buster keaton short is how good the physical action is .
in ` the high sign ' he has the perfect setting to show us his tricks .
in a house where there must be a secret escape in every room he has to escape from a couple of guys who do not like him very much because he betrayed them .
he had to kill a certain person but faked the whole thing .
the story in a buster keaton short is not that important .
once he starts doing those great things on screen i do n't want it to end .
the camera is able to see four rooms at the same time and keaton moves from room to room , through walls and ceilings .
it is all great .

1
in the high sign , our intelligent half-wit buster trying his luck at shooting when he reads a newspaper ad wanting shooters at an amusement park shooting gallery .
our wandering hero lands up in a town , with an inter-title introducing him as a man going nowhere who 's found anywhere and will land up somewhere .
he steals a newspaper from the pocket of a guy and finds this ad ; the guy later approaches keaton and buys the same newspaper from him , not knowing that it was his own paper which buster had stolen .
before entering the park , he tries his hand at shooting and evidently stinks at it .
yet , keaton is happy that he took out the practice targets , always the one he was n't aiming at , and he accepts the job once he enters the gallery .
before leaving to his office in the next room , the tall owner instructs him that he wants to hear the bell go off every time buster shoots .
this puts our hero in trouble as we know he has little skill at shooting .
but keaton is an intelligent half-wit , and so he devises an ingenious plan : he ties up a street dog to the bell and ties a meat bone close to the dog .
inside , when he steps on a lever kept hidden close to where he stands , the tied up meat will lower down .
the tied up dog would try getting it and in its attempt cause the bell to ring each time the meat is lowered .
this works very well until the dog sees a cat , a probability buster never considered .
while this is going on in the gallery , we are also taken to the owner 's office in the next room where we realize that the owner is actually the leader of a murderous group of extortionists called blinking buzzards .
the group is impressed with buster 's ` shooting skills ' after hearing the bell go off every time and assign him the task of killing an old man who refuses to pay him money .
our intelligent half-wit acquiesces .
meanwhile , the target of this gang visits the shooting gallery along with his daughter and is impressed with keaton 's shooting ability .
he requests buster to protect him from the gang and our intelligent half-wit buster , unaware that it 's the same guy who 's to be shot , acquiesces .
the rest of the action continues at the old man 's home .
i found out donald o'conner , the funny-man from singin ' in the rain considered keaton as a major influence .
the ` make em laugh ' number from the legendary musical reminds me of the keaton sequence in the high sign when buster tries to evade the gang of blinking buzzards at the old man 's house by jumping from one room to the other , tearing up walls and sliding through connecting windows .
i doubt any of buster 's contemporaries could top him when it comes to nailing the excitement of physical comedy .
anything is possible in buster 's world , like the scene when he slams the door into one of the gang members and we see his head popping out through the door .
everyone including buster himself considers him to be something he 's not .
he 's not a shooter yet he 's hired as a shooting gallery shooter as well as assassin as well as a guardian angel .
and buster plays along the situations creating comedy and craziness on the way .
he likes exploring the possibilities of cinema and creativity in an age where cinema was still developing as a medium , and so he creates his world as he pleases .
take for example where he simply paints a hook on the wall and hangs his hat on it and it really does hang like there 's an actual hook .
that 's how malleable and keaton 's world is .
and high sign is a high sign of what keaton brings to the world of cinema .

1
harold lloyd and chaplin were the two top comics at the boxoffice in the early days of silent movies and lloyd here pulls together a very funny movie that gets him to show his athletic prowess and comic ingenuity .
lloyd shows up to meet a girl he has n't seen in years but she is the guardian of a girl whom she brings along .
there is only two tickets for three and lloyd and the little girl have to dodge the train conductor while caring for a little child which puts his mental acumen to task .
set-pieces include a popular one of lloyd riding on top of the train , lloyd at the bottom of a train as he tails a hobo who stole his money ; lloyd in a bathroom with a very funny scene involving shaving cream etc emotional resonance is low but laughs are truly aplenty the more i think of it , the more i laugh as i type .
that is a high compliment .

1
you can not compare this silent comedy to later films , as they are so different artistically .
however , watchability is something i think that is a must for all films -- even silent ones .
and , by this standard , this is a very good film .
douglas fairbanks plays a very eccentric inventor who is in love with a girl .
he tries to hard to help her with her little social crusade because he wants to impress her .
exactly how and what occurs , i 'll leave it to you .
mr. fairbanks has long been associated with silent action pictures involving swashbucklers , adventure and romance .
so i was very surprised to see that he actually made a comedy -- and a good one to boot .
however , if you expect to see `` slapstick `` with kicking , pratfalls and lots of insane action , this will be a surprise .
there are only a few such elements in the film ( particularly at the beginning ) and the movie really is more plot-based than most silent comedies .
fairbanks shows that he could handle such a film and i was engaged from start to finish .
one cute note about the movie -- during one segment , douglas is trying to entertain his guests with impersonations of celebrities .
the charlie chaplin impersonation really is chaplin according to imdb !
when i saw him , i thought to myself `` hmm , .
.
that guy is obviously not chaplin `` .
ha -- guess i was wrong !
chaplin and fairbanks were friends and business partners , so i guess it 's easy to understand how he got charlie for this unbilled cameo .

1
maybe i just love griffith when he 's big .
this french revolution film is flawed , certainly , but i also think it 's very good .
the narrative has such an excellent flow .
dorothy gish plays the daughter of aristocrats , abandoned as a baby at the notre dame cathedral when her father is assassinated .
a poor man wanders to the cathedral intending to abandon his newborn daughter , too , but when he sees the other bundle in the snow , he decides not only to keep his own daughter , but take up the other child as well .
when she is an adult , she has lost her sight ( and her adoptive parents ) to a plague .
the poor man 's real daughter ( played by lillian gish ) takes care of her .
there is an operation she can get in paris which will reverse her blindness , and lillian swears that she will get it for her .
she also vows to remain unmarried until her sister can see once again .
unfortunately , as soon as they get to paris , they become separated .
an immoral aristocrat fancies lillian and orders her kidnapped and brought to his midnight orgy .
poor , blind dorothy is left alone , and a beggar woman ( morgan wallace ) and her two rapscallion sons ( sheldon lewis and frank puglia ) take her back to their hole in the wall , planning to use her affliction to their advantage .
everyone who passes by will have such pity on the blind girl and give them lots of their spare change .
thus the story splits into two halves ( though definitely favoring lillian ) , following both the rich and the poor at the beginning of the revolution .
there are several exceptional sequences , including the of bastille day and lillian 's frightful approach to the guillotine .
there are some very weird connections that griffith makes between the french revolution and american history and present .
one character he tells us ( in a footnote , no less ) is the `` abraham lincoln of france . ``
the film 's introductory title tells us that the french revolution was begun by anarchists and bolsheviks , although they did , in fact , overthrow a -lsb- i -rsb- bad -lsb- / i -rsb- government .
he also adds that we in america should never overthrow our own government , which sounds very odd .
perhaps he was so overly wary of the societal impact he had with birth of a nation that he thought , quite arrogantly , that his french revolution film might stir up a revolution at home .
or perhaps he was responding to the scandals surrounding the current president , warren g. harding .
i do n't really know , but it 's very interesting .

1
with the french revolution as backdrop dw griffith exposes his constant heroine lillian gish to depraved aristocrats and blood thirsty revolutionaries in orphans of the storm .
made during the red scare in america griffith takes the opportunity to promote democracy and denigrate runaway bolshevism in this silent epic filled with his signature montage and grand compositions .
louise ( dorothy gish ) the abandoned daughter of an aristocrat is taken in by the destitute .
raised as a sister with henriette she loses her sight but has a fierce protector in her sibling who travels with her to paris on the eve of full revolt led by danton and robespierre .
through the diabolical machinations of of an aristo she is separated from her sister and spends most of the film attempting to re-unite with her and avoid the guillotine .
in her search she is assisted by the aristocrat ( joseph schildkraut ) as well as danton ( monte blue ) who can find time from overthrowing the country to rescue henriette from the blade .
griffith straddles the fence in this history piece with praise for individuals but condemnation for both sides .
most of the aristocrats are degenerates , the revolutionaries blood lusting and depraved and griffith fills his canvases with scenes of bacchanalian reverie and sadistic cruelty to drive the point home .
danton may be a champion of the people but robespierre and jaques `` never forget `` seem bent on revenge and blood letting while the decent side of the aristos is represented by henriette 's compassionate pursuer .
politics aside storm is filled with sumptuous sets and crowd scenes that convey the frenzy of the moment and the accompanying delirium of be headings and dancing in the street .
lillian gish is both delicate and determined and in scenes with dorothy the two are quite touching to watch .
monte blue 's danton is a bit over the top but the sharp venal features of robespierre and jaques never forget seething with hatred express themselves perfectly with a mere look .
while it may not be the mega epic that intolerance and birth of a nation are orphans of the storm proves that size is n't everything and it remains one of griffith 's best efforts .

1
first of all , i find it desperately necessary to remind the viewer of silent movies of the danger of analyzing these pieces under the lens of the modern .
the aesthetic values of silent cinema are incommensurable with the values of modern cinema .
aside from the obvious difference that one relies purely on image while the other has the benefit of sound , we must also not forget that the cinema of the silent era is cinema in its infancy , in a constant state of the most early self-discovery ( which is not to say that cinema has necessarily `` grown up `` or `` progressed `` into our modern era ; our cinema today is only different than the cinema of the silent era , neither better nor worse .
) basically , we should check ourselves before we ridicule these films on the basis of , masking , et cetera and especially the exaggerated emotion and overblown gesturing of the actors .
the conventions of the art of acting have , of course , their basis in that of the theatre , which preceded film , and where emphatic gesturing and stressed emotion was conventional in conveying story even to those seated in the back row .
all editorializing aside , griffith 's _ orphans of the storm _ is a shining example of the director 's masterful grasp of narrative cinema .
the story is almost dickensian in its feel , from its very beginning alternating between no less than five separate subplots , all of which become inextricably intertwined before the backdrop of the larger plot of the impending revolution in france .
the acting performances are not , in fact , excessively overplayed , but are actually quite subtle and touching , especially those of the two orphans , the gish sisters .
the visuals are stunning : the costumes and decor are lush and the recreation of late 18th century paris is excellent .
most impressive to me is griffith 's expert command of montage , primarily through intercutting , in creating a engrossing story that , while complex in structure , is easily grasped .
the film starts out on wobbly legs , but soon breaks into a steady gallop , raging through the glorious revolution to an admittedly predictable , yet satisfying conclusion .
a grand achievement for one of the titans of early cinema : i give it a 9/10 .

1
by today 's standards , orphans in the storm would be considered way too melodramatic or believable .
there are just so many improbable situations and far from subtle moments .
however , when you realize that back in the early 1920s this was not considered the case , you can appreciate the film so much more .
now this does not mean that every silent movie abounded with these elements , but they were far more acceptable then than they are now .
lillian gish and her real-life sister , dorothy , star as the two orphaned sisters .
one , dorothy , is actually the daughter of a countess that was left on the steps of the church , but they are as devoted as any two sisters can be .
years later , the parents that raised them died from plague and dorothy was left blinded .
so , lillian decides to take her sister to paris to see if the doctors there can help restore her sight .
unfortunately for them both , they leave just as the french revolution is about to erupt ( talk about your lousy timing ) .
on the way there , the girls are met by a slimy nobleman .
he wants to rape lillian and arranges for some thugs to kidnap her -- leaving blind dorothy to wander the streets at night !
this is a pretty harrowing moment in the film and ultimately an evil lowlife finds her and takes her to live in her subterranean lair -- figuring she can use dorothy 's blindness to beg for lots of coins .
dorothy does n't want to but is tortured into compliance .
in the meantime , lillian arrives at a debaucherous party where the nobleman plans on raping her in front of his party guests .
however , one nice guy ( who turns out to be dorothy 's biological half-brother , a count ) sees her plight and helps her escape .
this earns the ire of the nobles but the guy is too fundamentally decent to allow this .
a bit later , some more scumbag nobles ( and most of them are in the movie ) tries to have the revolutionary leader , danton , murdered .
the injured man stumbles about the street as the assassins are following until he is found and rescued by lillian .
there is a budding romance between lillian and the count , but before it can progress any further , the count is imprisoned for having the affront to want to marry a commoner and lillian is thrown into a prison for `` fallen women `` .
i never heard of such a place and assume it was all made up for the movie !
a short time later , the revolution occurs and as a result the two lovers are released from prison .
however , dorothy is still missing and she only comes to light when lillian and the count are brought before the court for being !
they are both sentenced to death as dorothy is in the crowd and recognizes her sister and vice-versa .
they are drug away to the guillotine several miles away as dorothy screams and yells like a banshee .
minutes later , danton arrives and realizes the miscarriage of justice has occurred .
he makes an impassioned plea and gets the court to rescind the execution order .
but , the carts with the two lovers is almost at the scaffold so danton and his men race to rescue them at the very last second ( lillian already has her head inside the guillotine when they arrive ) .
the final scene shows everyone happy together .
huzzah !
despite being so melodramatic and having so many coincidences , the film 's energy and drama keep you riveted .
in other words , you know it 's over-the-top but because the movie is so well-crafted , you do n't mind .
huge and impressive sets and costumes abound and the print from kino video was excellent .
by the way , the apartment where lillian lived in much of the movie is recognizable from several other films , including another d. w. griffith film , broken and i also recognized it from some of the frankenstein movies .
an interesting point about this film is that several times during the film , the title cards talk about the `` evils of bolshevism `` -- saying that the french revolution was akin to the recent russian revolution .
while there are definite parallels , this was more a statement about the times in which the film was made as opposed to 1789 .
a very important film historically and one of the last films of griffith to make money .
unlike his evil birth of a nation , this film deserved the accolades and success it attained .
a final note : in the movies , danton was rightfully shown as one of the decent leaders of the revolution who fought for justice , not mass murder .
however , they never mentioned that ultimately he was guillotined at the end of the era for questioning the direction of the revolutionary government , and in particular , robespierre .
only a few weeks later , in reaction to this execution , robespierre himself was executed and the reign of terror came to an end .

1
i saw this on kino video and i was far from being impressed by the company because the film alternated from running too fast to running too slow -- and the soundtrack , as a result , was really annoying .
perhaps it was a defective tape .
if you can , you might want to find another brand if it 's available .
now on to the film .
it 's a silly and fun little film about some irate indians and how they are about to take out their frustrations on the first white man they see -- and it just happens to be buster .
however , after spending a lot of time trying to kill him , he is miraculously saved and the indians think he 's been send by the gods .
buster , being a nice guy , did n't hold any grudges for almost being roasted alive and agrees to help the indians .
it turns out that greedy oil barons are trying to take the land and so buster leads the indians on the attack .
all in all , not the most important film keaton ever made , but the sight gags are good and its a brisk little film sure to please anyone willing to watch a silent comedy .

1
in billy wilder 's `` sunset boulevard , `` a forgotten silent-film actress , norma desmond , explained the appeal of silent stars : `` we had faces then ! ``
in the musical version of that classic , the lyric `` ... with one look i 'm the girl ( or boy ) next door ... `` expanded on the visual powers of silent film actors .
each of those lines could have been written for handsome , charismatic richard barthelmess , the star of henry king 's `` tol ` able david . ``
although his too-short pants vainly attempt to obscure the actor 's maturity , barthelmess manages to convince the audience that he is a boy at the edge of manhood .
through his dark eyes , body language , and facial expressions , barthelmess literally becomes `` the boy next door `` without uttering a syllable .
`` tol ` able david `` may be too sentimental and occasionally too hokey for modern audiences , but , if viewed in the context of the post world war i period , the bucolic americana story is engaging .
like the united states in the years leading up to the great war , belligerent outsiders disrupt david 's idyllic family life , and the young boy becomes a man in the fight to restore his world .
the tale is simple , but universal .
enhanced by location filming in virginia , `` tol ` able david `` provides a glimpse of country life in the early 20th century .
however , produced in 1921 , the film preceded the golden period of silent movies that was reached in the late 1920 's , and the technical perfection and acting subtleties of that later period are lacking here .
although ernest torrence makes a formidable , frightening villain , neither his appearance nor his performance are subtle , and he owes more to the `` grand style `` of the early silents than to the nuanced acting that evolved later in the decade .
however , barthelmess and his leading lady , gladys hulette , perform admirably , even in a broad comic scene with a barrel that seems to have been taken from another movie .
henry king keeps the story moving , although his camera did not achieve the fluidity that distinguishes later silents .
a transitional film made between the innovative days of griffith and the heights of murnau , vidor , and von stroheim , `` tol ` able david `` remains entertaining and affectionate towards a vanished way of life and a lost style of film-making .
if the viewer can transport him or herself back in time , a dazzling star and a film with genuine warmth and sentiment will immerse the audience in the days when `` sentimental `` was not a four-letter word .

1
richard barthelmess is a strange actor , an actor who performed in silent movies without pantomime .
an actor who acted as if he were speaking dialogue .
he was so natural an actor that in an era that that needed big gestures and flamboyance to convey emotion , he succeeded in doing this without the need .
it is said he could have won many an oscar if they had them in his hey days but it was not to be .
he was nominated though , once .
he was n't one of those stars who died out because his voice did n't match the image when talkies came because his first sound picture was a hit .
rather , it was because he started to choose non-commercial or artsy movies so to speak .
i watch them now and wonder who expected them to be hits .
there is one movie he made that plays like a `` new wave `` picture of the sixties .
now to the movie in question .
this picture itself is not complex .
in some ways , make that lots of ways , it 's heavy handed melodrama from henry king , a man who survived to direct many a big budget sound picture and make one or two really good pictures .
easy to guess , this is a retelling of the david and goliath story set in a small town where a bunch of really nasty escaped convicts who scream evil come to town .
david is a cheerful boy who nobody expects much from .
he is just so t ` .
as the nasties bring gloom to the cheeriness of the town , they also end up killing david 's father and david is forced to sell the farm because he can not tend it now that his dad is dead .
his mom in the death scene of his father has the longest heart ache scene i ever seen .
she sits still staring into nothingness as her husband is dying for what seems like ten full minutes of screen time .
of course , there is the girl who ignores david because he is n't a man and david must prove himself to his family and the girl and save the town .
what happens ?
note : watch for the scene where a sick david drives the horse cart .
watch barthelmess and learn the meaning of acting .
i watched this movie at a revival house with a live piano score and it heightened a lot of the action and i felt as if i was back in the twenties .
not a great movie , passable entertainment but a good introduction to one of the forgotten silent greats .
( if you care to know , this movie was a big hit .
)

1
one of those nice stories to hear about : a film starring two of the most glamorous and true-blue stars ( in caps ) of the 1920s was lost for the greater part of the last century and then discovered in a dutch museum , and then restored for viewing on dvd and tcm .
viewing it any way you can is delightful , but really , if it 's at all possible , the best way to watch it is in a theater preferably projected from 35mm with a live piano accompaniment .
it is rare to happen but well worth the while , especially with the right organist ; the material begs to be given lush and melodramatic rhythm to go with the lush and melodramatic storyline .
it might not be the very best silent film you 've ever seen , but as far as these old-fashioned romantic movies go it could be a lot worse .
it 's one of those stories : a girl needs to a rich gentlemen to help out her family , and she does reluctantly , but her heart is soon to be linked to a man who saves her not once but twice , first time from drowning after falling out of her rowboat and again when she slips and nearly falls off a cliff .
there 's a few of those moments where one laughs at something kooky being played straight - the honeymoon is spent in the mountain where there 's or other - but it 's really about these two characters , lord and theodora , coming together .
moreover , it 's about the stars playing would-be lovers on screen , with * the * sexy symbol of his time valentino substituting for all those lonely women who would love to be in swanson 's shoes .
you could guess that so many in the audience would yell out `` just leave with him already , he 's friggin ' valentino ! ``
granted , sam wood is no master of cinematic drama , but he 's a strong craftsman who directs his stars extremely well , getting some restrained and touching performances filled with those little gestures or those sad or loving looks that make up so much of what makes silent films tic .
and there 's also a supporting performance robert bolder that has its moments .
only once did i get slightly fidgety , which is right in the scene where he 's deciding on whether or not to go off on the expedition ( it dragged slightly , even for just its few minutes as one wants to get back to the stars ) .
the rest of his performance , however , was splendid , particularly when he discovers by a misplaced letter about the love affair between the lord and theodora .
the final desert scene is also a knockout of melodramatic proportions .
it 's always something nice when a good film is unearthed for all cineastes to take in , and beyond the rocks provides its audience a match-up comparable to the likes of brad pitt teaming up with angelina jolie or roberts with owen in the recent duplicity .
it 's engaging to watch the story and yet it 's not the reason we 're watching : there 's something to the chemistry between swanson , a beauty who does n't hide her curves and tender but knowing exchanges , and valentino , who could melt the right girls face with a glance .
it 's a fine little relic meant to be seen on a big screen .

1
with the exception of julio in `` the four horsemen of the apocalypse , `` juan gallardo is perhaps the most three dimensional role rudolph valentino ever played .
the story is familiar , even predictable enough : a young spaniard is born poor , achieves fame and fortune as a matador , marries a nice convent girl , is beguiled by a truly nasty society woman ( who basically collects and discards him ) , loses his will to fight in the arena and dies soon after a reconciliation with his long suffering wife .
but valentino brings this rather clichã©d character to life : he is convincing as the happy go lucky , apparently shiftless teenaged juan , as the young man celebrated as the greatest bullfighter in spain , confident and thoroughly enjoying his new wealth and fame , as the besotted wooer of his childhood friend carmen , and as the suddenly uncertain , ill at ease lover of the wealthy dona sol whom he nonetheless can not free himself from .
( at times his degradation suggests that of the professor in `` the blue angel . ``
) his range is perhaps most apparent in the love scenes : he is tender and considerate when he is caressing his nervous bride on their wedding night but sadistic and brutish when taunted by his kinky mistress who wants him to beat her ( the dialogue here is undeniably purple -- at one point juan calls dona sol `` a serpent from hell `` -- but it somehow fits juan 's basic personality which is impassioned and unsophisticated ) .
valentino even gets to show his flair for comedy when he romps with the little boys who play his nephews .
in short , his wide ranging performance in `` blood and sand `` puts to the rest the myth that as a actor he can do little more than wear clothes well and glare .
however , although valentino 's performance is compelling , there are problems with `` blood and sand `` that keep it from being a truly great film .
first , considering that this is a movie about bull fighting , the fighting scenes were , unfortunately , weak and consisted of awkwardly spliced in footage of actual fights ( in fairness to the producers , animal cruelty laws had recently been introduced that prevented the filming of scenes with actual bulls ) .
an even more serious problem is that the script ( using a portentous old busybody as a mouthpiece ) would have us believe that juan 's downfall is somehow inherently tied in to the cruelty of bullfighting itself -- that by living by such savagery juan would inevitably die by it .
the objections to the inhumanity of bullfighting may have been well intended , but as set forth juan 's decline and fall have little to do with this -- he flounders because , perhaps not unlike some modern superstar athletes from humble backgrounds , his newfound wealth and fame lead him to make rash , ill advised decisions such as betraying his devoted wife to become involved with an upper class woman who enjoys slumming with him but will never consider him as an equal or take him seriously as a man .
( if anything is condemned in `` blood and sand `` it is the cruelty of social caste : juan found wealth and fame , but he is still very much the social inferior of the likes of dona sol , and one of the reasons why he finds it hard to say no to her is not just because he is sexually in thrall to her but because in this near feudal society she is his better -- in fact he is told so directly when , resisting dona sol 's initial attempt to meet him he is bluntly told that it would be unseemly for him to snub a woman of her position .
something of this sort is also happening , i think , when , immediately after the affair is revealed , he his wife by humbly waiting on dona sol ) .
despite the above problems , this is still one of the more memorable films of the silent period and worth owning on dvd .
( i recommend the kino version which includes a commentary by orson welles and a parody with will rogers ) .

1
harold lloyd and hal roach made a great team , and they provided movie-goers with , literally , generations of laughter .
`` grandma 's boy `` is a little different story for lloyd in that he does not have to rely on props as much .
as someone else pointed out here , the longer format gave time to develop the characters , and we have a good understanding of the boy and why he is what and how he is .
as the boy develops , and changes , we are treated to an exhibition of fisticuffs that must have rivaled that of `` the spoilers , `` at least in length .
and it looks genuinely bruising .
the whole movie is , as we expect from harold lloyd and hal roach , a lot of fun ; it 's not overburdened with inter-titles ; it 's also a good look at early feature-length harold lloyd , so is a must-see for movie historians .

1
about 20 years ago i was fortunate enough to see harold lloyd 's first feature-length film , grandma 's boy , at a public screening .
i recall that it went over very well with the audience , that harold was highly sympathetic in the lead role , and that i found the movie pleasant and engaging , with a stronger storyline than some of lloyd 's later features .
now that i 've rediscovered the film on dvd it 's a pleasure to report that it holds up beautifully and , unlike some silent comedies , plays well on tv .
grandma 's boy is a richly atmospheric period piece that is sweet , funny , and suspenseful , and certainly ranks with harold lloyd 's best work .
it 's all the more impressive that this was lloyd 's first attempt at a longer film , for it marks a genuine stylistic break with the sort of thing he 'd been making up to this point .
unlike some of harold 's earlier , `` `` short comedies , this film offers a well-structured story built around recognizable human beings who inhabit a basically realistic world .
the story is more character-driven than , and more relaxed in tempo than lloyd 's earlier films .
admittedly , some of the rural characters are a little cartoon-y , but they do n't behave outlandishly or pick fights at the drop of a hat in order to get laughs .
and while there are certainly laughs along the way , everything seems to unfold naturally , and nothing feels forced .
grandma 's boy is set in the sleepy rural village of blossom bend , which , we are told , is `` one of those slow towns where the tuesday morning express arrives wednesday afternoon .
if monday 's train gets out of the way . ``
except for a brief prologue and a flashback to the civil war , the story takes place when the film was made , that is , in 1922 , but in the sort of town that time forgot that would have been considered a quaint throwback even then .
harold plays a young man who lives with his grandmother , and is someone who would be called a wimp -- or worse -- nowadays .
the prologue dramatizes harold 's lifelong inability to defend himself from bullies .
he 's a coward , he knows it , and he 's miserable about it .
on the other hand , harold 's grandmother is a peppery old lady who is not to be trifled with .
( anna townsend plays this role , and she is wonderful ) .
grandma sympathizes with the boy 's plight , yet also comes to realize that she 's coddled him long enough , and that he must be tricked into finding the courage within himself .
this movie paints a nostalgic picture of small town life that was probably never so simple in reality , but , like the story of tom sawyer , it holds the powerful appeal of a genuine folk tale .
period charm is a major element of the film 's strength , but in order to appreciate it fully a modern viewer needs a certain amount of historical perspective .
for example : during one scene , when harold is forced to wear his grandfather 's ancient suit to a party , his embarrassment may be hard for us to understand .
the other characters think he looks strange in his 19th century frock coat , but their own clothing looks just as odd to us as harold 's `` old-fashioned `` suit does to them , especially the leading lady 's massive hair ribbon .
( did that thing look funny even in 1922 ?
i 'll bet the flappers thought so !
) the film 's best known sequence is a flashback to the civil war , as harold 's grandma tells him of his grandfather 's exploits behind enemy lines .
this is the funniest portion of grandma 's boy , deliberately played in a `` heightened `` manner like a hokey stage melodrama .
i was especially fascinated by the witch who helps harold 's grandfather triumph over his enemies ; she wears heavy stage makeup , emotes like crazy , and looks like she must have a gingerbread house somewhere back in the woods .
all of this wacky over-playing is acceptable , dramatically speaking , because we eventually learn that grandma 's story is , well , not entirely the truth .
it 's interesting that lloyd and his colleagues took this approach to the civil war sequence , but the reasons for doing so are not hard to imagine : when this film was made there were plenty of actual civil war veterans still around , and the war and its aftermath lingered as a painful memory for many .
perhaps the filmmakers chose to treat the war scenes as jokey melodrama in order to make the material more palatable to contemporary audiences .
a few years later , when buster keaton made the general , he chose to treat the war with almost documentary-like realism while dropping black comedy gags into the mix , and some critics of the day felt his approach was in poor taste .
harold 's version of the war is quite different from buster 's but still valid in its own way , and may well have influenced keaton when he made his masterpiece .
as memorable as the civil war sequence is , the strongest and most gripping section of the film depicts harold 's own transformation from coward to hero , as he manages to subdue a dangerous tramp who has been terrorizing the town .
( the tramp is played by dick sutherland , an enormous actor with an unforgettable face .
) this is a terrifically suspenseful sequence , alternately funny and thrilling , and it 's followed by a deeply satisfying finale in which this lifelong sissy applies the lessons he learned in dealing with the tramp to the bully who has tormented him all his life .
this is a film that leaves the viewer with a warm glow , one of the best movies harold lloyd ever made , and one of the top comedies of the silent era .

1
another fun lloyd movie , set in the standard small , rural town of silent movies .
( i always wonder how close those were to reality .
) lloyd is endearing as a timid boy , and displays some fine acting as well as comic ability .
anna townsend as lloyd 's grandma is refreshingly both tough and likeable , a bonus for the modern female viewer .
mildred davis ( lloyd 's future wife ) does n't have a huge part , but plays it well .
( though i wonder about the childlike clothes she wears ; would anyone over 13 really have sported a massive hair bow in 1922 ?
) the movie seems to have had great influence : the civil-war sequence must have been an inspiration for keaton 's `` the general `` , and a flashback to harold 's boyhood shows how his distinctive bespectacled look even helped create harry potter .
as usual , several good animal actors .
there is one joke -- having to do with a white family 's black butler -- that is in kind of questionable taste , but it could be construed as more of a comment on class than race .
you 'll enjoy watching this with your kids ( or without !
)

1
i think the best overall summary would be to call this a dramatic comedy .
harold lloyd displays accomplished slapstick while at the same time being involved in the drama of catching a tramp causing a lot of problems for the town .
an ongoing subplot involves the school bully ( now grown up ) who continues to bully harold and does his best to take his girl from him .
it is not until harold 's grandma tells him about a special amulet that his grandfather used in the civil war and got his courage from that he gets up the courage to take after the tramp and take on the bully .
all of the action involves numerous slapstick antics that really make the movie .
yet , with all of that , the point still comes across that things do n't give us courage and abilities .
we get our courage to act from within ourselves .
this movie reinforces that there were very good silent movies made and we can learn from them and have a lot of laughs at the same time .

1
nice goings-on in an old mansion .
but several flaws as well .
the plot is a bit over-written , and there are numerous warnings on title cards to be very attentive , to be very afraid and so on .
one step away from a brainwash really .
from the first moments it 's difficult to understand who 's who - especially if you have a washed out bootleg copy , such as mine .
you just do n't distinguish the many faces .
plus there are several black-face performances , which is really stupid , as the men who are supposed to be black servants , have especially distinctive paleface features .
needless to say , they also provide the comic relief , and needless to say , it 's all about rolling the eyes , waxing stiff , falling down , and running around in terror , yelling `` lawdy , lawdy ! ``
or something similar .
in other words , not funny .
i did like the leading lady and i ca n't blame griffith for falling madly in love with her .
fortunately she 's not only pretty , but also quite convincing as a 16-year old precious little rich girl , hungry for her mother 's love .
i immediately went browsing the net and found two more films where she is in , so i 'll know a bit more when these arrive .
strangely enough her career totally ended a few years after this film , and i would like to know the reason , why .
the leading man was a new face to me as well , even though looking at the list of his films , i realized i have seen several , but from the later period .
he looks like he could be 16 himself , whereas in reality he was 32 .
very handsome and moving as a young man tortured by love , he left a very good impression on me .
there are nice interiors and some very good 1922 fashions displayed .
i only wish there were a good , sharp , legitimate copy released .
despite some obvious flaws in the story , the complexity of the plot and the irritating comic subplot , a thoroughly enjoyable dark old house flick .

1
chaplin 's tramp has a job in this half hour short which comically depicts the plight of the era 's laborer that has changed since .
there is little plot to go around but plenty of perfected sight gags by the silent master as he works and drinks with co-workers and fends off his shrewish rolling pin wielding wife who is intent on collecting his entire pay .
the most deft comedy bits are on the job as he does amazing things with a lift as well as a scene grabbing bricks being tossed to him ( albeit achieved by reversing the negative ) .
the drinking with co-workers keeps the laughs going and continue through the final confrontation with the wife as chaplin 's uproarious balletic grace remains in fine form from start to finish .

1
this film has some highly imaginative and well-timed stunts -- all revolving around charlie 's job at a construction site .
all the and accidents remind me of sweet pea from popeye cartoons -- as the baby is nearly killed again and again but miraculously escapes .
in chaplin 's case , it involved a funny sequence when he almost falls down an elevator many times , dropping objects accidentally on those below and a really interesting sight gag involving guys throwing bricks up to charlie who catches this with complete ease ( it was done by running the film backwards ) .
later , charlie 's hideous and scary wife is introduced and it goes from a work comedy to a domestic one .
in a way , this was a minor disappointment , as i preferred the faster paced work stunts , but all-in-all this is a funny and well executed short .

1
first off i 'm not a sherlock holmes expert so i 'll leave it at that and just comment on the film for what it is , not what it is n't .
i have however watched episodes of the jeremy brett series on a & e and they 're wonderful .
for those who always say john barrymore is a ham , this film counters that argument somewhat as he displays a terrific gamut of underplaying .
not boring but decidedly underplaying .
director al parker had to talk barrymore into doing the picture so the film is more of parker 's than barrymore 's .
no 1922 print of the movie survived through the decades as a release print would give evidence of a working continuity and of how this film unraveled to 1922 audiences .
only the actual camera negative survived of this film in a dismantled state .
kudos to kevin brownlow for doing a masterful job of the negative to where it could be printed for viewing .
what brownlow has edited is ` probably ' not too far off from the original release prints .
the source for this film is similar , in , the source for barrymore 's 1920 dr. jekyll & mr. hyde in that the story comes from a great author , adapted to a stage play , then the play is used as a source for the film .
having seen three of al parker 's films ` eyes of youth ' ( 1919 ) , ` sherlock holmes ' ( 1922 ) & ` the black pirate ' ( 1926 ) , i can say that his directing style stays the same in all three pictures .
parker is only going to give the audience : closeup , medium shot & long shot .
sometimes faint moving camera ie the mock street fight , car leaving down the street .
parker is not going to do as king vidor or alan crosland would do that is experiment in panning camera or tracking shot or zoom .
that would 've livened up this movie some what .
this movie however follows the griffith school of directing that is lots of stationery camera action in frame and title cards , much like other movies of 1922 .
j. roy hunt 's photography is quite low like that of milton moore 's in ` he who gets slapped ' ( 1924 ) .
perhaps this was to signify the gloomy nature of the story .
original prints were probably tinted like many goldwyn features of this period .
this story should 've been left in the 1890s and the movie a period piece rather than update the story to 1922 .
both carol dempster & hedda hopper 's characters wear contemporary clothing , dempster the traditional patterned dresses that are in one quick sequence quite diaphanous .
hopper gets to dress fashionably , hats & all , 1922 style as one of her dresses is loose fitting & comfortable and looks like it was designed by coco chanel ( parts of this film were made in europe ie : switzerland & england ) .
william powell & roland young ( as dr watson ) make their film debuts here .
powell later recalled that in 1936 when barrymore was having trouble auditioning for mgm 's ` romeo & juliet ' and could n't remember his lines , mgm tapped powell to replace him .
powell countered that he did not have the heart to replace barrymore as it was barrymore who had given him his start in movies in ` sherlock holmes ' .
louis wolheim , reginald denny and david torrence round out supporting roles .

1
tcm presented a beautiful print of ernst lubitsch 's egyptian epic the loves of pharoah ( 1922 ) .
released by paramount in the us , the film was lubitsch 's last feature in his home country of germany before setting up camp in hollywood .
( that 's another story all together .
) the `` lubitsch touch `` in his epics , such as carmen , madame dubarry , , or anna boleyn , is the director 's ability to present us with the overwhelming sight of the plight of the crowd and then gradually direct our attention to a personal drama taking place within the epic sweep of time and destiny .
( he does so more genuinely than demille , who seemed to have imitated this approach .
) then , of course , there are the sexual situations , the uncontrollable attractions , and the inevitable rejections that determine the fates of the characters , a theme continued into the director 's sophisticated comedies and , later , witty musicals that followed this film .
loves of pharoah has stunning visual moments both large and small : the crowds working , revolting , being manipulated by rulers to the turning of emil jannings to a wall and dropping an outstretched hand , showing his reluctant realization of the futility of his affections .
the film is deliberately paced but never draggy .
though there are moments of regret ( the depiction of the ethiopians is particularly stereotyped and inconsistent ) , this foray into arabian exotica is a dramatic improvement over the stilted presentations seen in from a couple of years before .
with the loves of pharoah , lubitsch reaches the apex of his epic years ( though the patriot may have reached greater heights , though we 'll never know until a print is found ) .

1
in this film , veteran silent comedian ben turpin plays , of all things , an actor .
he 's the lead in a film and does a lot of stunts as well .
what i particularly liked was once again seeing the homely and diminutive ben once again playing a strong male hero -- a great and silly bit of casting indeed .
it 's really pretty interesting to see ben performing and the behind the scene shots of the director and cinematographer as they film this fictional movie .
while i will be the first to admit that this ben turpin comedy short is far from `` high art `` and has none of the polish of a harold lloyd , buster keaton or charlie chaplin film , it does have a lot of charm and it is a heck of a lot of fun to watch .
most of this is because the film plays like a cartoon come to life -- with outrageous stunts , almost non-stop action and a silliness that is infectious .

1
the ten commandments marks the beginning of the second wave of the hollywood epic .
modelled on the parallel storytelling of intolerance -- the crowning achievement of the first wave -- and its subject matter decided by a poll of cinema-goers , this is among the most significant and typically of demille 's pictures .
demille had first coupled a historical tale with a modern day framing story in 1916 's joan the woman , and even during the years when the historical feature was out of fashion ( approximately 1918 -- 1921 ) he several times added a little metaphorical foray into the past to his contemporary dramas , such as male and female and manslaughter .
here , it is still the modern day narrative which makes up the bulk of the picture 's minutes , and yet it is the spectacular biblical prologue that everyone remembers .
demille had always had a talent for directing crowd scenes , giving inspiring pep talks to the mass whilst giving specific directions to the individuals .
here he works with the biggest group of extras he had ever handled , and yet he has lost none of his touch .
he gives character to the multitude by focusing on a number of individuals within it , and yet when he pulls back to show the whole crowd you can still see the attention to detail , with a hundred different things going on .
the stupendous sets also make an impact in themselves , but demille is shrewd enough to reveal them gradually , and places them squarely in the context of being symbolic of evil .
the pharaoh 's palace may be impressive , but demille ensures that the works of god -- the pillar of fire , the parting of the red sea , the lightning on sinai -- are more so .
oddly , he could be accused of doing the opposite in his 1956 remake , in which the egyptian city is absolutely awe-inspiring , whereas the special effects representing acts of god are somewhat pathetic even for the day , and certainly less effective than those in 1923 .
but demille had changed a lot by that time .
in contrast to the prologue , the contemporary story is somewhat lacklustre .
it has much in common with other demille dramas from around this period , although it is pretty mediocre by that standard .
particularly jarring is the overuse of intertitles .
five years earlier demille had been a master of purely visual narrative , and the titles were only there when absolutely necessary .
as time went by however , as demille had become more pious and his screenwriter jeanie macpherson had become more pretentious , so had the become more wordy .
all the better for preaching with , as far as self-appointed demille was concerned , but his pictures began to lack the grace and smoothness they had once had .
with scenes fragmented into smaller pieces , and characters unable to open their mouths without a superfluous title spelling their words out to the audience , the acting also suffers .
richard dix , rod la rocque , leatrice joy and nita naldi are all adequate performers , but none of them really gets time or space to emote as much as they ought to for the story .
nevertheless , demille was still a master of the powerful , iconic image , and there are enough memorable shots here to keep things interesting .
among the standouts are nita naldi 's hands emerging from a tear in a sack , the straight-up shot in the lift as leatrice joy ascends and naldi ripping the curtain off its hooks , nearly forty years before the almost identical shot in hitchcock 's psycho .
it is images like this which reign supreme in demille 's cinema , and it is from around this point on that they become more important than the credibility of the story or the actors .
demille 's ten commandments proved to be highly influential .
other studios got to work on their own , the western would become epic with the iron horse , and even douglas fairbanks next picture , the thief of bagdad , was steeped in grandeur .
further afield , ufa studios in germany and abel gance in france were also working on the principle that big is beautiful .
ten commandments indicated the future for demille himself as well .
not only was it the first of the pictures that would secure his legacy as the ultimate biblical filmmaker , but the fact that the prologue is absolutely breathtaking and the contemporary drama lacks bite , hints towards his eventually becoming a director purely of epics .
it 's also rather telling that he loved the old testament god of plagues and smiting , because that is probably more or less how demille saw himself .
he hammered home his messages with the spectacular and the incredible .
a filmmaker preaching the word of a god .

1
the exciting feature of the 50th anniversary of demille 's the ten commandments is to be able to see the original 1923 version in a pristine print along with katherine orrison 's illuminating commentary track .
previously only available on vhs tape with the poorly surviving colorized footage of the exodus and parting of the red sea ( provided as a separate extra on the dvd ) used , it was difficult to realize just how beautifully done the silent epic was .
paramount has cleaned up the print and used only the better surviving black & white elements for this release .
the beauty of the photography comes through with great clarity .
orrison 's commentary is full of interesting insights as well as being enjoyable due to her enthusiasm about so many details .
and gaylord carter 's wurlitzer pipe organ score is very impressive ( as well as being a marvelous record of an organ score done by one who actually performed during the silent era ) on this digital stereo recording .
the 1956 remake looks and sounds great , as are the all of the special features for it , but this is exactly the same as the previous second edition of this title .
i bought the new edition in order to see what they had done with the 1923 version -- and i certainly am impressed .
also , i love the packaging for this edition .
well worth updating as it is available at a very decent price .

1
sunday january 8 , 4:00 pm the paramount theater , seattle countless slaves pull a gleaming white sphinx , , across the desert sands .
brutalized by their cruel egyptian masters , the children of israel toil before the monumental city gates of pharaoh rameses ii .
the opening scenes of cecil b. demille 's 1923 epic `` the ten commandments `` represent the historical spectacle of hollywood 's silent era at its grandest and most expressive .
demille blended the intensely dramatic performance of his actors with the spectacular architecture of his sets in a way that seemed to bring the past to life for the movie going audience .
his exhaustive research and striving for authenticity was limited only by his personal satisfaction .
of the roughly 2500 extras used one tenth were orthodox jews from los angeles , many , recent immigrants who felt they were living the history of their ancestors .
the flight from egypt includes the added surprise of two-color technicolor while the scenes of decadence as the golden calf is worshiped by an undulating mob are as vibrantly electric as any ever filmed .
to be fair , it bears pointing out that the forty-five minute ancient egypt portion of `` the ten commandments `` is only a prologue to the modern story , which today seems dated and irrelevant .
two brothers , one good and one evil , alternately respect and defy the ancient laws of moses and live with the consequences .
the san francisco setting may be of interest to anyone with ties to `` the city by the bay `` , specifically the 1920 's north beach neighborhood , saints peter and paul church and washington square park which are all prominently featured .
sexy nita naldi is also delightfully vampish as the heavy-lidded other woman draped in furs .
the jeanie macpherson screenplay attempts to draw parallels between the story of exodus and modern life , much more successfully accomplished in michael curtiz 1928 epic masterpiece `` noah 's ark `` , but the jazz age story ca n't hold a candle to the grandeur of the ancient world .
demille 's original does succeed if compared to the bloated , boringly story and hammy acting of his 1956 remake .
the 1923 prologue is concise , well paced and beautifully executed .
the ancient babylon of d. w. griffith 's 1916 spectacular `` intolerance `` appears staged and remote when compared to a genuine sense of seeing and feeling the `` hear and now `` conjured up by demille 's city of the pharaoh .
hollywood produced progressively greater and more fantastic historical epics as the era drew to a close , including the mgm spectacle `` ben hur `` in 1925 and demille 's `` king of kings `` in 1927 . ``
... the spirit of the spectacle , and the joy taken in its own magic , was unique to the silent film . ``
- william k. everson

1
going on 90 years since it was first released , the original the ten commandments can still you with the spectacle of both the biblical prologue and the modern story .
modern in the sense that it was set during the jazz age roaring twenties , the 1923 when paramount released what would become that studio 's biggest moneymaker up to that time .
you 'll recognize the biblical prologue if you 've seen the 1956 remake , it is almost a 45 minute scene for scene remake of the time that charlton heston and john carradine arrive at the egyptian court until the destruction of the golden calf .
they were n't giving oscars back in 1923 , but the parting of the red sea was incredible for its time and would have given cecil b. demille yet another oscar for the same event .
you wo n't recognize a lot of the biblical prologue cast , but they were part and parcel of a demille stock company that he developed during silent era and continued to a lesser degree after the coming of sound .
best known probably was estelle taylor who was married to jack dempsey at the time as miriam , the sister of moses .
the bulk of the film is the modern story which has the theme break the ten commandments and they 'll break you .
the stars are richard dix and rod larocque a pair of brothers , one good and one bad , sons of a most pious mother edythe chapman .
dix is a good , honest , and steady carpenter by trade and larocque through his ruthlessness and who winds up breaking all the commandments becomes the richest contractor in the state .
larocque is pretty ruthless in his private affairs , he breaks the commandments regarding those as well .
he marries leatrice joy who dix likes as well , but then gets a fetching eurasian mistress in nita naldi .
nita is in the slinky and sexy tradition of all demille 's bad girls .
it all ends really bad for larocque as his sins catch up with him .
during the modern story demille hand with spectacle is a good one in the scene of the church collapse and later on during the climatic escape larocque is attempting to make with a speedboat on a stormy night at sea .
the influence of demille 's educator father henry and his friend david belasco are strong here as they are in all demille work .
the modern story is the kind of morality play that belasco would produce and write for the stage for years .
it 's from the victorian era , but the roaring twenties audience wanted something that reflected traditional values occasionally as if nervously waiting for its excesses to catch up .
it 's partly the reason why they could find comfort in a president of the usa in calvin coolidge .
though the story is unbelievably dated , demille 's cinematic techniques are hardly that .
the original ten commandments in many ways will tell you about its creator warts and all .

1
cecil b. demille 's silent epic certainly ranks among the most audacious old testament melodramas ever made , jumping in one dazzling edit from a 90-minute exodus out of ancient egypt to modern ( c. 1923 ) san francisco , where the possibility of divine retribution is never more than a tremor away .
the biblical prologue , a complete film in itself , condenses the material demille would later use for his entire 1956 remake , with a similar emphasis on spectacular set design , impressive special effects , and stoic overacting .
but the plot really picks up steam after it shifts to the 20th century , depicting the fraternal rift between a crooked building contractor out to break all ten of the lord 's commandments , and his saintly younger brother ( a carpenter , naturally ) .
the older , unscrupulous sibling is cheating on the construction costs of a new cathedral , and because demille 's god is a vengeful god the sinner pays a heavy penalty for his greed , indirectly killing his own mother when the walls come tumbling down , and later contracting leprosy from his deadly eurasian mistress !
the moralizing is no less heavy-handed than in most silent melodramas , but demille was always a better showman than a preacher , and at times it almost seems the unintended humor of this typically overwrought sunday school lesson was deliberate .

1
demille 's silent version of the ten commandments is really two films in one - specifically , a 90-minute feature introduced by a 45-minute prologue .
the prologue is the familiar story of moses ( theodore roberts ) and the exodus from egypt which plays like a rough sketch of the 1956 remake .
as is typical of the silent demille oeuvre , a moral lesson is presented by juxtaposing two stories with parallel themes from widely different eras .
the lessons here seem to be : ignore the ten commandments at your peril and love god .
just as the ancient israelites suffered for their sins , the protagonist of the modern story ( rod larocque as a contractor who becomes wealthy by deceitful business practices ) pays dearly for breaking one commandment after another , and if ever there was an actor born to break them it was the sleek , devilishly handsome larocque .
in this plot , he is pitted against his opposite : his own brother , the rough-hewn richard dix as an honest carpenter who plays by the rules and stays poor .
the self-sacrificing dix is so good-hearted that he gives up the woman he loves ( leatrice joy ) because he knows she loves .
nita naldi appears briefly and unforgettably as a leprous eurasian vamp who plays a pivotal role in larocque 's downfall .
the prologue 's special effects look crude by modern cgi standards but god 's utterance of the commandments in the form of shimmering titles against a whirl of sparks has a stylish beauty all its own , and the choreography of the golden calf worship looks as if it might have inspired fritz lang 's crowd scenes in metropolis a few years later .
charles ( whatever happened to him ?
) is impressive as pharaoh rameses .
the feature benefits from excellent production values , generally fast pacing and stunning cinematography ; the organ accompaniment is even above par , with imaginative use of the instrument .
one problem : when characters come indoors after having been drenched to the bone in driving rainstorms their clothing appears to dry off way too quickly .
and when leatrice joy steals a `` hot dog `` ( which looks more like a hamburger ) from a diner , and runs for blocks with it in the drenching rain , it seems to stay intact .
it is also hard to believe that a woman could emerge , dressed in a full street suit , including hat and veil , from a trans - pacific journey inside a sack of jute !
but hey -- this is the world of silent cinema .

1
the first version of ` the ten commandments ' is two films in one , really , and within its two hour running time you can see hints and ideas which were taken forward by other filmmakers in later years ; not just demille referencing himself with the parting of the red sea in his 1950s remake , but in the fountainhead ( referencing the shot with the lift going up the side of the cathedral ) , psycho ( nina naldi pulling the curtain off the rail as she falls ) , and sunset boulevard ( naldi again , hands like claws as she extracts herself from the sack of jute in which she smuggled herself ) .
the story is fairly simple - most of the first hour is the standard moses and let my people go tale from exodus in the old testament , well developed and shot with some great special effects ( the aforementioned parting of the sea ) .
the rest of the film is modern moral - edythe chapman , a god-fearing old lady , has two sons - danny ( rod la rocque ) and john ( richard dix ) .
danny does n't believe in the ten commandments and considers them outmoded and a barrier to success .
when mary ( leatrice joy ) comes into their lives , she causes problems between the brothers and unwittingly sets danny on a path which leads him to slowly break one commandments after another .
as this is a moral story , it does get a little preachy in places , but in the context of the time it was made that was probably expected .
it is a spectacle and an epic of sorts , although not as much as its remake - it is actually a simple but effective film , which although a little creaky and not boasting the most subtle performances , still stands up to viewing today , and makes a fascinating comparison to charlton heston 's moses years later .

1
`` aelita `` was screened as part of the national film theatre 's science fiction season , but i ca n't help fearing that anyone who came to see it in the expectation of martian adventures would probably have been very disappointed .
( edit : having read a selection of imdb reviews , i gather this was all too correct , alas ... ) it certainly was n't what i was expecting , but i actually enjoyed it a great deal for what it is : basically , an ordinary domestic drama of life in the undernourished , overcrowded post-war moscow of 1921 , with its , buffoons and ambitious dreamers .
intercut with this are the protagonist 's imaginations of a stylised , balletic mars , where the wilful figurehead queen becomes fascinated with this alien she has never met ; the more frustrating his day-to-day life becomes , the more he takes refuge in these plans and visions , and finally the two worlds become mingled entirely as he seeks escape in interplanetary flight .
the obvious comparisons to make are with fritz lang 's `` metropolis `` and h.g.wells ' `` things to come `` ; i have to say that i actually found `` aelita `` as visually inventive in its science-fiction sections as either of these -- and considerably more enjoyable .
it has the human dimension and the humour that both of the former worthy sagas lack ; for example , the soldier is obliged to turn up at the last minute for blast-off wearing women 's clothing , because his wife has locked up his own equipment in an attempt to keep him from making the trip !
and it benefits from the well-worn tactic of introducing recognisably contemporary characters into its alien setting to serve as audience identification figures ; the also allows it to get away with a good deal in the way of events that seem oddly arbitrary or clichã©d at the time , while explaining them later .
with hindsight i suspect that some of the revolutionary we laughed at was actually intended to be ridiculous ( protazanov had been a successful pre-revolutionary director who had only just been induced to return to soviet russia , and there is a striking sequence in `` aelita `` where characters hark back wistfully to the ` old days ' ) : the film has a good soviet moral , but not the one you are led to expect , and it knows how to deflate the bubble of wild fantasy .
nikolai and vera make an attractive and sensitive leading couple as the engineer and his wife , although the latter suffers from the limitations of the film stock of this era which tends to bleach out blue eyes altogether , to occasionally grotesque effect .
pavel pol is also impressive as erlich , the agreeable con-man who is billeted on the couple , while igor and nikolai provide comic relief without becoming tedious .
the space technology shown has a definite air of jules verne , but take-off is effectively suggested using blurring camera views rather than extensive model work , and the characters stumble from their ship on landing in a convincing ( and concealing ) cloud of dust -- although there is an impressive fiery in the alien city .
the martian interior settings are deliberately conceived in theatrical terms , with the martian characters moving in balletic mime that contrasts with the down-to-earth approach of the humans when they arrive , and there are some eerie scenes of the comatose workers being stacked for storage ; the overseers with whips , on the other hand , are rather crudely prosaic .
some of the intertitles in the martian sections come across as rather stilted , although it 's hard to known how much of this is a problem with translation from what is presumably high-flown russian .
i did wonder if there were intertitles missing earlier on , as at some points the transitions seemed extremely abrupt .
for this performance a minimalist live accompaniment was provided by the appropriately named group in a modern idiom which worked surprisingly well not only with the visions of mars but with the 1920s moscow setting .
for my own part , even at the moments when i felt that the film really had gone too far for credibility i still found myself towards it as a whole ; when it subsequently proved to unwind itself to a neat conclusion , i felt pleasantly vindicated .
i had heard that despite the subsequent ` socialist realist ' image , much silent soviet ` domestic ' drama is in fact very good , and on the basis of this film this genre definitely seems worth a look .
lovers of ( although these do figure ) and space adventure , on the other hand , will probably feel short-changed -- as , apparently , did the original critics , although i 'm glad to say that this did not prevent the film from being a box-office smash at the time !

1
ignore the stock title and familiar mistaken identity scenario : this silent relic is actually a surprisingly fresh and very funny comedy of errors with several deft performances , led by leatrice joy in a dual role as a restless suburban housewife with unfulfilled dreams of a broadway career , and also as a hopelessly untalented young actress , identical in looks , who longs for a peaceful life away from the big city ( you fill in the rest of the plot ) .
in an all too brief supporting role as the actress 's bewildered gentleman friend is the great raymond griffith , one of the under-appreciated giants of silent screen comedy .
with his keaton-like physique and subtle changes in facial expression , griffith adds extra life to every scene in which he appears .
screened in september 1986 at the pacific film archive in berkeley , california , along with ` the taming of the shrew ' ( circa 1911 ) , a twelve minute silent abbreviation of shakespeare , if that makes any sense .

1
felix uses his brain 's and daring to win a big war and his saves the day with a lot of baloney .
that about sums up this strange cartoon that was pretty entertaining .
the owner of a meat market , where apparently felix the cat was employed , shows our hero the newspaper headlines : `` rats declare war on cats . ``
felix reads all about it , shakes hands with his boss and marches off , ready to do battle in this latest war .
before he leaves , he proposes to his girlfriend , who promises to be there for him when he returns from the war .
the war is a wild one ; kind of a cross between world war i and the civil war .
if you can picture thousands of sausages marching on a fort - hey , it 's a cartoon !
- you get the idea of the insanity here , which is fun to watch .
this is pretty primitive , , but who 's complaining considering when it was drawn ?
not me .
this cartoon was part of a collection of in the `` presenting felix the cat - the otto messmer classics - `` dvd , with original organ scores by dave wickersham .
it 's up to the quality , , of some of the others but it 's passable .

1
an early felix the cat short which has most of the hallmark 's of messmer 's fantastic imagination .
felix is working in a barber shop when his boss shows him an extra : the mice have declared war against the cats .
although it does not show the ` playing with light ' touch of the best felix the cat silents , there are plenty of good gags that made felix the most popular cartoon series of the silent era .

1
a complex and sympathetic narrative about a young woman that begins with her working on a river barge with her father and her uncle and follows her through difficult circumstances after her father dies , exploited but resourceful , even using petty crime , particularly in the company of a boy .
there 's something about catherine hessling ( who became mme . renoir ) , and a touch of d. w. griffith in her occasional , but renoir is not as sentimental .
there 's a dream sequence as good as hitchcock decades later , night scenes ( a haystack on fire ) , and observations about the ways of the that are a start on the way to la rã¨gle du jeu .

1
this is the first film renoir directed alone and it is by far his best silent film , of the ones i have seen ( whirlpool of fate , nana , charleston parade and the little match girl ) .
the editing was just amazing .
the quick cuts where so spot on and well paced .
and the trick shots where like something from a poetic avant garde film .
there was also a very nice close up of eyes , which reminded me of the spaghetti westerns .
the story is not bad .
reminded me a little of d.w. griffith mellow drama .
the acting is also not too bad but the strength of this film is first and foremost its visual aspect , something sadly lacking in his other silent films i have seen .

1
the ambiguity of politics in la fille de l'eau replaces the ambiguity of stylistics from une vie sans joie ( 1924 ) .
i find it hard to determine which early idea presented by the film should then be applied throughout the film ... that hope springs from the unsung courage and perseverance of everyday people or that wisdom is seated in the lives of those who know to avoid being in the way of their husband 's racing car ?
is renoir flippant in his observation of the casualness of fate and abnormality of instinct ?
this film leaves me with more questions than answers as it is a launching point for social themes that will be teased out throughout renoir 's career .
i would like to think that renoir cares about `` the little people `` but it is well recognized that he is ambiguous and ambivalent in his political expressions .
this film is a good example .
the documented views of vigo 's social cinema have a solid application in the barge scenes and the milieu of the film more generally , however , the stylistic system dominates the cinematic experience ( like all renoir films really ) .
flashback shots and angular close-ups eventually give way to rapid editing montage sequences .
the caravan scene is first expressed in collision montage and is then remembered by in rapid montage .
as undergoes further stress from her environment and circumstance , she hallucinates ... and sequences are constructed from every french impressionist technique in the book : superimpositions , mattes , , surreal visuals ( mise-en-scene ) , , slow-motion , oblique blocking within the frame , unnatural settings , and even mirror distortions a la dr tube ( gance ) .
was close to death and i conjecture that this is the over-arching theme of the film as opposed to the tired fixations on renoir 's supposed ever-present and all-pervasive socialist politics ( even if subverted and often excused under the banner of `` naturalism `` ) .
perhaps my thesis would hold more weight if la fille de l'eau had been produced in 1926 or 1927 as sound film was to bully silent film to death ... but then again renoir was always considered forward-thinking and generally ahead of his time .

1
harold lloyd ranks as one of the three greatest silent comedians next to chaplin and keaton .
he combines great comic timing with crisp editing and physical daring-do that wows audiences .
girl shy , written by lloyd and the first film he produced , tells the story of a sweet-natured , stuttering bonehead who can not approach the girls .
the irony is he has been secretly readying a book on how to be romantic with girls while working his day job as a tailor 's assistant , back when a guy could still be a tailor 's assistant .
he takes a shine to jobyna ralston , his co-star in his best films , but then he 's embarrassed by his publisher making fun of his book .
the publisher decides to publish it as a joke to make the public laugh , and then harold must spring into action quickly to save jobyna from marrying a caddish two-timer .
did someone put a gun to her head though ?
never mind , it 's all in good fun and a set-up to the magnificent thrill comedy lloyd was known for at the time .
he employs just about every item of transportation known at the time to arrive to break up the wedding on time .
it 's all the more thrilling when you realize these are actual hands-on stunts lloyd performs without a stuntman .
some of them are obviously quite dangerous upon viewing them .
the large estate appearing near the end was lloyd 's own property .
it 's a terrific piece of good old-fashioned entertainment .
*** of 4 stars .

1
girl shy finds harold lloyd exactly that , a poor kid who works in a tailor shop and ca n't get a date even with the object of his affections , jobyna ralston .
to pass the time of day harold writes a diary about how to get different types of women ( talk about fantasizing ) .
some of the chapters are played out in imaginary sequences .
jobyna is eventually driven into the arms of carlton griffin who 's a villain in the best snidely whiplash tradition .
in the meantime a publisher whom he sends the book to rejects it , but later changes his mind when he finds his staff roaring with laughter over harold 's described romantic technique .
he releases it as a comedic book and sends him $ .
by the way a very funny sequence happens when lloyd initially thinking it was another rejection letter tears it up and then sees the torn check .
piecing it together like a jigsaw puzzle with his employer at the tailor shop , the zeroes start adding up as his facial expressions change .
for that amount of money he 'll stand a little humiliation .
of course the whole idea is a reworking of merton of the movies where the protagonist thinks he 's a great dramatic actor , but in fact his scenes are being filmed for comedy .
still why not copy a good thing .
in the end he discovers that his true love jobyna is about to marry a bigamist .
at that point the last half hour is devoted to a madcap chase with the resourceful lloyd using every means at his disposal to to get him to the church on time and save jobyna from a fate worse than death .
best scene is him commandeering a streetcar for part of this chase and hanging on to the rod used to connect it to the overhead cable .
lloyd did a lot of these himself , he was known for his daredevil escapades , it 's what his fans expected .
girl shy is a great example of the comedy of harold lloyd who in real life was anything , but girl shy .

1
girl shy is one of lloyd 's classics where that tight structure as the trademark of his comedy is most obvious .
every gag is so closed linked to another .
it really leaves you marvel at his ability of building up and controlling his work .
besides , it is one of the great romantic comedies of the silent era , full of breath-taking imageries ( like the scene when the boy was dreaming about the girl while fishing under a bridge .
.
) .
it is hilarious throughout ( especially for those 2 fantasy sequences ) .
the great final chase is full of typical thrills that only lloyd 's comedy can provide ( and , as we know it , ` inspired ' the final chase in the graduate ) .
lloyd showed some wonderful drama acting ability too ( when he had to dissuade the girl from seeing him any more ) .

1
i had watched this for the first time while i was in hollywood as part of a tcm marathon of harold lloyd films in november 2005 ( to coincide with the dvd release of new line 's set ) .
i must say that in the past i had underestimated it , because i did not pick up the `` video `` pal vhs a few years ago ( as i had done with 3 other available titles by this great comedian ) .
the plot deals with a painfully shy tailor 's apprentice ( he stutters terribly at the sight of a woman ) who has secretly published a lovers ' manual , and himself falls for a wealthy girl ( the demure but utterly charming jobyna ralston , a frequent lloyd co-star ) who is about to be married off to a bigamist heel .
the film displays dazzling invention throughout and is frequently hilarious , but also laces the proceedings with just the right dose of sentiment : the climactic exhilarating chase is spectacular and one of the very best of its kind , while the disruption of the of the bride ending might well have inspired the graduate ( 1967 ) !
some of the funniest stuff includes : the fantasy sequences depicting lloyd as an irresistible ladies ' man , illustrating his theories on how to seduce a vamp and a flapper ; the car exchange sequence ( which sees lloyd losing the ramshackle vehicle he ended up with down a cliff ) ; and his hitching a clandestine ride on a car which is about to be parked in its garage .

1
when mgm became a company in 1924 , this was their first official release as a new studio .
the plot is slightly melodramatic by today 's standards but lon chaney , norma shearer and john gilbert give strong performances .

1
in the first film produced by mgm , paul beaumont ( lon chaney ) plays a brilliant french scientist who has recently proved his theories on the origins of mankind .
unfortunately , he has entrusted his papers with a corrupt colleague , baron .
at the anticipated meeting of the french academy , the baron thoroughly cheats beaumont out of his just fame .
he states that beaumont was merely a lab assistant .
beaumont 's outburst and subsequent slap on his face by the baron only gain him the scorn and laughter of the spectators ( some of these folks have the oddest looking faces seen in cinema .
) .
right after , beaumont confronts his wife , who he caught kissing the baron .
she ridicules him , calls him a clown , and slaps him in the face .
with this phase of his life over , the crushed beaumont abandons his past and escapes to the circus as the clown he ( who gets slapped ) .
it seems that paying customers can not stop laughing when they see a clown getting slapped .
several years pass and he becomes famous .
there is a new circus performer -- a bareback horse rider -- the lovely miss mancini ( norma shearer ) , known as consuelo .
she is the only gem left of an italian family that was formerly rich .
the only other family member seems to be her father , a count .
another rider , a ( bezano , as played by john gilbert ) , is captivated by consuelo ( as is the clown he , but secretly ) .
baron just happens to attend one of the circus shows and also becomes enthralled with consuelo .
he had previously left beaumont 's wife .
the baron negotiates with the count , who agrees to match his daughter with the baron ( `` a rich gentlemen `` ) for a price .
meanwhile , consuelo has spent the same day at a park with bezano , and the two , who were in love all along , decide to marry right away .
in the meantime , the clown he is outraged when he learns of the plans of the count and the baron ( whom he had previously recognized ) .
he confronts them in a backstage room , but the count stabs him with his cane sword , and he is pushed out of the room .
although wounded , the clown he is able to position a lion 's cage against one closed door of the meeting room ( with the adjoining cage door open ) .
at the right time he then walks to the other door and enters the room and locks that same door .
unknowingly the count opens the other door , where the lion 's cage is positioned .
the angry lion bursts into the room , and before long both the count and the baron are dead .
the lion tamer happens to come upon the scene and secures the lion into its cage before it can attack the clown he .
the clown , though , has been bleeding from his wound .
instead of obtaining needed medical attention , he goes on with his final act , knowing that he has triumphed over the evil machinations of the baron .
in the end the clown he dies in the circus ring , content that consuelo will be with bezano .

1
if you are looking for horror and shocks , this really is n't the lon chaney movie for you .
the film is more a tragedy about a decent man who is betrayed and subsequently retreats to the circus -- where he plays a clown that is beaten up and mistreated to the delight of the audiences .
the film is intended to be critical of human nature and how the misery of others is oddly entertaining , though the scenes where chaney ran around as the clown being slapped about just did n't seem funny or very magical .
it was as if in this character , he just was n't quite hitting his usual stride .
however , in the rest of the film , we have a dandy morality play that still hold up well over time ( as do most of chaney 's films ) .
not great , but certainly very good and well worth a look .

1
stepping into the role created on broadway by richard bennett , lon chaney stars in this film as a once famous scientist who chose the life of a circus clown out of shame .
at least now i know where the business with james stewart in the greatest show on earth came from .
but whereas stewart was guilty of a mercy killing , chaney leaves because he 's found that his wife 's been two timing him with a titled nobleman .
years later chaney is a famous attraction at the circus in paris and he 's falling big time for young norma shearer who is a bareback rider and also a member of the nobility who has fallen on hard times .
she ca n't see chaney no way , no how .
she 's got her eyes on trapeze artist john gilbert .
but would n't you know it , marc mcdermott that self same cad who took chaney 's wife from him has designs on shearer .
and her dad tully marshall who 's a lecherous old reprobate himself wants to get back in the chips himself so he 's quite willing to pawn off shearer to the old rake .
naturally of course chaney has his plans for the whole lot of them and it 's settled in a gruesome manner for the silent screen .
the film is highly melodramatic and would be considered camp today , but for the subtle performance of chaney .
for the silent screen , with a minimum of histrionics , chaney does get you to feel a lot of empathy for the character .
it 's one of that fine collection of characters chaney created when the screen did n't speak and should be seen .

1
only seven months after charles lindbergh 's historic transatlantic flight from new york to paris , universal pictures cashed in on the `` lindy craze `` with `` a hero for a night , `` released in december , 1927 .
our hero is hiram hastings ( glenn tryon ) , a taxi cab driver who in his spare time pursues his own dream by learning how to fly -- through lessons received from a correspondence school .
the realization of hiram 's goal , however , depends on financing ; and when he encounters the wealthy samuel sloan ( burr mcintosh ) , he sees his big chance and seizes the opportunity with all the pluck of the typically optimistic 1920s hero .
he is equally determined in his romantic pursuit of sloan 's daughter , mary ( patsy ruth miller ) , who is resistant to his considerable forwardness .
`` a hero for a night `` is breezy entertainment from start to finish , a comedy of the `` programmer `` order , made by the studios to provide their theaters with lighter fare in between the prestige pictures .
as such , it is a film that requires viewers ( in 1927 as well as today ) to suspend their disbelief and just sit back and enjoy a story not meant to be taken seriously or to reflect reality .
this is especially true of the story 's climax , the flight itself -- cynics will scoff , but those who take it in the spirit in which it was made will be delighted .
in addition , the film offers today 's viewers glimpses of popular culture in 1927 -- from fashion and advertising to popular slang and in-jokes .
the intertitles add considerable laughs to the film as well .
a word about the performers : glenn tryon 's character is very reminiscent of the kind of wisecracking , skirt-chasing fellows played by william haines in films at mgm in the late 1920s .
like haines , tryon has considerable charisma , as well as a talent for both comedy and pathos .
he also has a charming chemistry with the very lovely patsy ruth miller ( with whom he would star in three other films ) .
burr mcintosh plays the prickly sloan with his usual practiced competence , and all three leads are almost upstaged by the antics of hiram 's pet monkey .
`` a hero for a night `` is available now on dvd from an independent distributor and is highly recommended for all fans of silent films and u.s. popular culture in the 1920s .

1
this is a `` silent `` film , the first ever to be shown in ann arbor 's beautiful michigan theater way back in 1928 .
of course silent films were not really silent , and even back then the organ that is still there and still operational was played for this feature .
hero for a night may not have a terribly original plot , but it 's filmed and acted well .
the visual gags are funny , the titles are clever and there 's a fair amount of enjoyable corny puns .
while this may not rank up there with the best of silent film comedies of the era , such as buster keaton 's the general or charlie chaplin 's modern times , it 's still a heck of good movie .
patsy ruth miller is real purty too .
she played esmeralda in the silent of notre dame with lon chaney .
burr mcintosh was in d. w. griffth 's way down east with lillian gish .

1
i watched this film as part of a documentary film class , and it was at least visually one of the best i had seen .
it 's got a real quality to it that tries to separate itself , unintentionally of course , from the more simple propaganda films .
of course , many of the images here are displayed to show the working life of the people , some of the levity , the everyday occurrences , and mostly enveloped in scenes revolving around children .
much of this is meant , for the period , to rally support for the causes of the time , as dziga vertov , at least from his writings , comes off as wanting immediate change through the power of the cinema .
over time , as it is silent and - due to the staging of some of the scenes ( the opening vodka is amazing , if maybe not seeming all the way on-the-spot real ) - does n't inspire the greatest amount of attention to detail though .
despite some of the lesser qualities of the film , the pure cinematic abandon and confidence in this new emerging way of telling stories in a subjective lens detailing real life endures to this day .
seeing some of these scenes with the pioneers , their practices , is pretty amusing .
and a little trick involving the bull going backwards on the beltway is also close to being funny ( and riffing on tricks already at use in comedies .
but more than anything innovations like these strike a chord within their apparent themes .
messages do abound in the film , but it 's not entirely the focus here .
what it really is is just a fearless ( for its time ) , fascinating use of the silent portable camera , where shots could be possible that were n't before giving more chances to capture a truth in life not found in studios .
even as it 's years after the russian revolution and the country 's cinematic aspirations change drastically , something quirky and sincerely made like this is worth a look .
if nothing else as film history , like one of the first examples of what today is reality tv , or rather what 's really lacking in it .

1
this version i saw stars mae murray as renee , a mexican woman who is the granddaughter of the infamous french mademoiselle midnight , a woman so notorious she was banished from the court of napoleon to mexico .
the spirit of the grandmother ( murray again ) drifts through the hacienda at odd moments to inspire renee .
this is not a comedy , as often stated , but is a romantic drama about greed and crooked politics .
after renee 's father is killed by a bandit , she is shipped off to mexico city to live with her slimy politician uncle who steals her estate and declares her insane .
luckily , an american she met ( monte blue ) and her devoted cousin ( johnny arthur ) come to the rescue .
the prologue is a rather confusing mishmash about napoleon , the american civil war , and the french `` invasion `` of mexico .
this all seems rather unimportant to the main story , but gives it some context .
murray at 35 is a bit too old for the innocent renee , but in her black wig she 's quite stunning .
she gets to do a little bullfighting and a lot of dancing , first at a fiesta , and later at a party in her uncle 's house .
blue is ok as the stalwart hero .
arthur is fine as the silly cousin who is not as silly as we think .
others in the cast include otis harlan as the padre , john st. polis as the colonel , nigel de brulier as the nasty doctor , mathilde as the nasty nanny , robert as the bandit , and nick de ruiz as the uncle .
apparently there are several versions of this film floating around in which the characters have different names .
this film was produced by tiffany productions and released through mgm soon after its merger .
the follow year , mae murray would have her biggest film success with the merry widow .

1
in some ways , the wrath of kriemhild surpasses siegfried 's death , but it also loses some of that film 's greatness .
the plot of this one is more cohesive than the first , which is quite amazing .
the second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through , until , that is , you get to the climactic battle scenes ; only the iliad 's are better .
lang and harbou embellished the huns .
the of the did n't know a hun from his right ball , and as a result they are , more or less , the same as the burgundians in custom .
for example , although the poet clearly describes etzel as a heathen ( which is kriemhild 's main concern as rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him ) , when she gets to , the first thing she does is go to mass .
the huns here are clearly heathens ; they 're almost like caveman .
the depiction of them is hilarious , especially verbal , the jester , who has two marvelous scenes .
etzel 's character has been given more weight .
he is much more formidable .
all he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem .
lang and harbou are masterful at building suspense , especially at the banquet scene , which is intercut with verbal 's second performance to an amazing effect .
however , as is the nature of this half of the poem , the film 's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one , for the most part , except for a dazzling sequence where etzel 's hall burns down with the inside .
the one thing i do have to object to is the way harbou changes the ending .
spoilers : in the poem , after hildebrand captures hagen and gunther , they are imprisoned .
kriemhild visits hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde .
he refuses and she herself decapitates her brother .
when hagen still refuses , she decapitates him .
hildebrand ( or possibly dietrich ) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he , in turn , decapitates her , calling her a `` devil woman `` .
etzel , who is much weaker in the poem than he is here , says something silly like : `` ah me ! ``
i can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as hildebrand brings them from the castle ; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic .
i also understand why they did n't have hildebrand kill kriemhild : his character is much reduced here ; his name is only mentioned once .
but , to have kriemhild kill herself , adopting 's death from the icelandic sources , is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them .
the point of the poem is that kriemhild 's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil .
here , we simply have her die for her lost love .
it 's not as interesting .

1
fritz lang 's german medieval saga continues in die nibelungen : ( 1924 ) .
kriemhild ( margarete schoen ) wants to avenge her murdered husband , brother is too weak to bring the murdered , hagen , to marries etzel , the king of the huns ( rudolf klein-rogge ) .
she gives birth to a child , and invites her brothers for a and the other huns should kil hagen , but he is protected by his see a huge battle of life and death begins , and she sets the whole place on hagen is dead , and so is movies deal with great themes , such as revenge and undying we have later seen some better movies made of those topics , but this was one of the early ones .

1
one has to love these early shorts -- look at the freedom that existed to film more or less whatever subject crossed the artist 's mind .
and at the self-reference : in the narrative , the characters have the freedom to do more or less whatever crosses their minds .
the film itself is the work of a ` mad scientist ' about the experiment of the mad scientist within .
the construction is both simple and deeply abstract : we begin with a lone figure against the backdrop of paris architecture , which grows increasingly populated by statuesque mimes , who are manipulated by animated mimes .
the movie ends when the level of abstraction is removed .
clearly what have here is a work that is conceived from start to finish as a visual story ... something so influential that has survived the test of time , in ways that so many other ` experiments ' did not .
modern borrowings from this are found in ` devil 's advocate ' , ` dark city ' , ` abre los sky ' ...

1
what a stunner this little movie is .
with fantastic panoramic shots of early paris .
called originally , paris qui dort , plus too , at or the crazy ray , this early science fiction story is set in , around and on the eiffel tower and the empty city paris streets .
a night watchman , waking up one morning , while sleeping on the top of the eiffel tower , finds the whole of paris has fallen asleep , permanently , with only himself for company and roaming the empty streets in bewilderment .
after a short while , he stumbles across a small group of other bemused survivors .
they explore .
they take advantage .
they have fun .
parisian born renã© clair 's ( 1898 -- 1981 ) , whose other works include ã nous la libertã© entr ` acte ( 1924 short ) , under the roofs of paris ( 1930 ) and ã nous la libertã© ( 1931 ) , short comedy is a work of vision that today 's contemporary cinema makers seem to have taken notice .
with post isolationist films as 28 days later ( 2002 ) , the omega man ( 1971 ) and terry `` dalek creator `` nation 's 1975 bbc television adaptation of `` survivors `` , this , paris qui dort , is a very fascinating early contender of the sci-fi genre .
placed at the heart is a narrative of while the cats are away the mice shall play , with wonderful shots of a bygone city seen from far above and with moments of comedy , the crazy ray is a classic of immense importance to the genre of sci-fi magic .
seen as the very first science fiction fable georges mã©liã¨s 's 1902 le voyage dans la lune ( a trip to the moon ) has set the trend for visionary art , with the silent era composing of some of the greatest artists : chaplin , keaton , clair , lang and hitchcock .
at can be seen as a new and fresh beginning for said filmmaker renã© clair and a bold step into the unknown , as sound was soon to take control and all but the greatest has superseded to dominate .
paris qui dort is a true gem , and while the mice are at play i highly recommend that you freeze time and find a moment to explore this intriguing visual work of art .

1
this silent film took me by complete surprise and i could hardly believe this film was so advanced for this production in 1925 .
henri , plays the role as a watchman on the top level of the eiffel tower in paris , france and comes down into the city and finds people all sleeping and in suspended motion standing like frozen statues .
it seems a certain scientist had discovered an invisible ray which could not reach people in airplanes or henri who worked at the top of the eiffel tower .
if you want to see how france looked in paris in 1925 , you will enjoy all the old cars and the 1925 fashions for men and women .
by the way , this film is only 21 minutes long and went along as a second feature on a much longer film i purchased .
great film to view and enjoy .

1
this film is unlike any peter pan film i have seen .
it is like watching the very first peter pan theater show on the big screen .
the special effects and costumes are different then other films i have seen that were made during this time period .
one of the scenes that is truly captivating is when tinkerbell attempts to find peters shadow .
instead of having a small light created by a mirror as they would have used in the play sets were created to make the actress who plays the fairy to be the size of a human thumb .
the sets look as though they were made for a giant .
as the character leans up against the drawer her costumes flows slowly with the breeze .
with these characteristics and the soft lighting a magical image is created .
the costumes in this film are also an unique part of the film especially those of the animals .
the animals in this film are human beings in large animal suits crawling on all four limbs .
there are lion , wolf , crocodile , bear and dog costumes ; the dog costume being the most detailed .
nana ( the house nanny ) is a character who helps around the home and takes care of the children .
the costume used by the actor has details that allow him to use the characters description to its full potential .
with a mouth that allows him to grab items of a bed and a tail that wags this costume adds the illusion of having a real dog on stage .
for those who enjoy theater this is a great film to watch .
it grants you the opportunity to watch the creations of j.m barrie through his own work .

1
`` sherlock jr. `` is a movie that is n't very strong in story , but makes up for it in comedy .
the story is a simple mystery ( nothing groundbreaking ) , but the mystery is n't the reason to see this movie .
the reason to see this movie is for buster keaton .
his stunts are so incredible ( even by today 's standards ) and perfectly paced that you 're not only laughing , you 're also on the edge of your seat .
the highlight of this movie is definitely when keaton falls asleep at a movie theater , and he dreams that he 's in the movie that 's playing .
this is one of the most imaginative scenes in movie history , and many fantasy movies afterward probably took a lot of inspiration from it .
to me , this is buster keaton 's best film ( even better than `` the general ) .
it perfectly showcases everything that made buster keaton great ; from his stunts to his perfect timing , there is not a dull moment in this film .
this is a film that shows exactly why buster keaton is one of the greatest movie stars for not only his time , but for all time .
`` sherlock jr. `` is often overshadowed by other movies of its time , but it 's one of the best films the silent era has to offer .

1
sherlock jr. ( buster keaton ) is something of a hopeless case .
he works clumsily as a cinema projectionist , but instead yearns to be a detective , not unlike the great sherlock holmes of sir arthur conan doyle 's riveting tales .
in the time when he 's supposed to be working , he reads books about ` how to be a detective ' and searches for dollar bills in the piles of rubbish scattered across the theatre floor .
sherlock is also in love with a girl ( kathryn mcguire ) , though he does n't really know what to do with her .
their time spent together consists primarily on one person holding out their hand , only to find that the other has n't got the courage to reach out and take it .
sherlock , being a little low on cash , buys her a $ 1 present , and changes the marked price on the box to a more respectable $ 4 .
he then flips the box over in her hands so that she will notice how monetarily generous he has been .
however , when the girl 's father 's ( joe keaton ) watch is stolen , the devious sheik responsible ( ward crane ) frames sherlock for the theft , and he is ordered never to return again .
a crestfallen sherlock trudges back to his job at the cinema , and , at the beginning of a detective film , slumbers off to sleep .
it is here , as sherlock awakens into a dream , that he is able to -- in a clever triumph of imagination and visual effects -- step into the detective movie , and become sherlock jr. -- the world 's greatest detective !
the moment in which sherlock literally steps into the movie screen is a truly inspired piece of optical trickery , with the movie screen being cunningly replaced with a live stage of actors .
this is then followed by a sequence depicting the film 's struggle to reject this newly-arrived protagonist , abruptly cutting to different locations , and throwing sherlock inside a pride of lions , in the midst of thrashing waves , before a speeding train and on the edge of a cliff .
eventually , keaton is fully assimilated into the film , where he must battle to solve the mystery of the stolen pearls .
this is a highly imaginative film , brimming with keaton 's trademark slapstick humour and mind-blowing stunt work .
sherlock jr. finds himself , at one point , running along the roof of a departing train , before he is forced to seize the large tube connected to a water basin , which promptly lets forth a violent gush of water ( keaton famously fractured his neck whilst performing this stunt , though he did n't realize it until a doctor diagnosed him in the 1930s ) .
another memorable stunt involves keaton descending from the roof of a building using a railway barrier , and then landing himself in the back seat of the villain 's moving car .
an extended motorbike sequence , in which sherlock sits on the handlebars -- unaware that the rider has fallen off some time ago -- provides various outstanding opportunities for more of keaton 's nail biting stunt work .
the billiards sequence , in which the villains deviously substitute the # 13 ball with an explosive device , is very memorable , especially as an oblivious sherlock wins the game , anyway , his shots impossibly avoiding the suspect ball at every hit .
this is a highly-entertaining short film from buster keaton ( at 44 minutes , it is not quite a feature-length film ) , and it moves along at such a rip-roaring pace that you never find yourself bored or uninterested .
keaton was never afraid to do his own stunt work , and his dedication to the medium was unmistakably evident in his films , rightly making him one of the most popular of all silent film comedy actors .

1
sherlock jr. is cute and quirky - exactly what you 'd expect from a silent movie !
however , it stands out with it 's unique plot of a movie theatre usher who dreams of being a detective - and often misses what 's going on because he has his nose buried in a book on how to do just such !
however , what i found really neat about this movie were the special effects that are used considering the time period it was made in .
to this day , i am always amazed looking at old movies and seeing what was created with nowhere near the technology that movie makers use in today 's world .
while this silent-film craze has been fairly new to me , i feel like buster keaton 's adaptation of sherlock jr. ( 1924 ) was a great one to watch early on because it just reinforces in my mind what a great form of art old silent movies are , and that they are something that we as a society should have more exposure to .

1
having consumed every on-screen frame of buster keaton i could get myself exposed to , from the good and the bad to the occasional cameo and the outright peculiar ( yes , that would be you , samuel beckett ... ) , i find myself in the position of starting to re-watch the films that i know -- and in the absence of a dvd player , that means seizing upon screenings as and when they show up !
having been subjected to various dodgy projections and mediocre musical accompaniments , i was beginning to harbour a secret , guilty fear that maybe keaton 's comedy , so skilled at taking an unsuspecting audience by surprise , might be lacking in replay value ; having had a couple of disappointing experiences with films i 'd originally reckoned to be among his second rank , i was getting a little paranoid at the prospect of re-viewing the ones i 'd enjoyed the most in the first place .
but i need n't have worried .
take a good print , a superlative accompanist and an audience fizzing with festive excitement , and `` sherlock jr `` will replicate the same transports of glee and delight as it inspired when it dropped from on high upon my uninitiated head ... the film is a story of the impossible , from the moment that taps his sleeping counterpart urgently on the shoulder , and , failing to wake him , a from the wall and sets out to leap into action himself .
for a full-blown feature film , it is exceptionally short .
and yet in editing it down , keaton has crammed together such a kaleidoscope of events that the audience is left with no sense of being either cheated or short-changed : in the course of its five reels , and perhaps due to that very breakneck turn of speed , the viewer is infused with the impression of a whole evening 's worth of entertainment .
it certainly does n't come across as lacking in length .
that said , my own favourites , i confess , lie among keaton 's comedies of character rather than those of stunts ; `` sherlock jr `` is a little arbitrary in its attempts to include a good gag by all means possible .
when buster finds himself in the middle of a quick-cut sequence that whisks him from ocean to jungle to desert in the blink of an eye -- only to dump him back in the self-same garden in which he began -- i ca n't help being aware that there is no reason whatsoever for the film `` hearts and pearls `` to contain such a bizarre set of landscapes and cut between them with no characters in sight : for me , the joke loses by the somewhat forced air .
normally , when films contain a dream sequence this reflects back in some manner upon the framing action , providing insights for the dreamer or clues to advance subsequent events -- but again , in `` sherlock jr `` , in retrospect the dream turns out to have been a disappointingly self-contained device , with no effect at all upon the main ` plot ' , which simply proceeds in the protagonist 's absence : it 's an insert just for laughs .
( and am i the only viewer cursed with an imagination so literal as to wonder how `` hearts and pearls `` can successfully reach its final reel without the projectionist once waking up to switch between the two projectors ?
) in his later work , keaton 's films would rely less on the fantastic , becoming more integrated .
but as ever the delight lies in the detail .
in the expressions in the reaction shots -- often , but not always , keaton 's own .
in his attempt to ensure that the girl gets her chocolates with the price tag discreetly upwards , and his suggestion that her ring might appear more impressive when aided by his .
his instant mimicry of his quarry 's every move , extending without even missing a stride to an imitative puff on the antagonist 's discarded .
the characteristic close-up revealing the car 's ` four-wheel braking ' in the moment before events force him to brake so fiercely that the chassis continues blithely on its way : keaton 's gags come complete with rationale , and are all the funnier for it .
edited , every shot serves its purpose -- this is essence of comedy , with nothing wasted .
ward crane and erwin connelly make a fine double act as the villainous conspirators , in a send-up of melodrama 's conventions .
and keaton himself , as always , is a joy to watch , whether endearingly unsure in his approach to courtship or masterfully suave within his dreams .
as an actor he is taken more or less for granted -- but every line of his sturdy small body , every expressive shift in that eloquent face serves to tell the story : not only can you understand every word he 's saying , but you can see everything he 's thinking into the bargain !
as a gifted stuntman or alone he would have been memorable ; but he was far more than that .
the famous set-piece scenes have been praised elsewhere , and those i recalled .
but i 'll conclude with the little snippets that caught me by surprise all over again into laughter and admiration : the twist on the tired old ` sticky paper on my foot ' routine , his little joyous skip up the steps to his sweetheart 's house , and the way that the motorbike , miraculously steady , suddenly starts to veer as the character realises that no-one was in control ... rest in peace , buster .
your films are beautiful , and we love them .

1
i love the basic idea of this plays a projectionist at a movie theater who dreams of bigger and better and better for him means becoming a sherlock holmes style luck would have it , he finds himself wrongly implicated in a at work at the theater , he falls asleep at the projector and dreams himself into the feature movie 's characters are now embodied by all involved in his dilemma and what follows is a great blend of edge of your seat thrills and great 's without question one of buster keaton 's finest pieces of work and one of the best silent films ever produced .

1
i was surprised by how much i enjoyed this film , as i am with every silent movie i watch .
the idea of a silent film sounds so dreadful in this day and age , but there 's really something to be said about a movie that can capture its audience without the use of sound or dialog .
buster keaton 's meaningful expressions make you fall in love with him .
his sad face and hopeless bad luck in this movie make you sympathize very deeply for him .
this movie was especially exciting for me because i read that keaton does all of his own stunts .
some of the stunts the film used in the movie were shocking to me , because i know that it was made before camera tricks and clever cinematography had really came to be .
and when i heard that keaton did it all himself , it really allowed for a broader respect of this movie .
i thoroughly enjoyed sherlock jr. and i think most people would , given that they can get over the part .

1
i enjoyed watching this silent film for many obvious reasons .
buster keaton plays a great role and makes the whole movie enticing as a director and the main protagonist .
the stunts towards the end are pretty hardcore for a movie made in 1924 .
i loved the scene when `` sherlock jr. `` enters the movie screen it was very clever .
only 45 minutes in length makes the story feel a little rushed due to the lack of character development but at the same time it kept me from becoming distracted since silent films can get a little boring sometimes .
not this one though it is a funny and simplistic plot that anyone can enjoy the only little complaint i have about sherlock jr. was the super clichã© ending where `` it was all a dream `` .
i actually ended up forgetting he had fallen asleep at work earlier in the film .
keaton definitely could have worked around that and it would have made things a tad more interesting but still it was a great film .
who knows though this film might be old enough that the dream concept was n't even a clichã© yet ...

1
this was my first time viewing a silent film , and i have to say i was very pleased with how this film was made .
i had always stereotyped silent films as boring , and wondered how could a film possibly be good and entertaining if there is no sound .
however , i did n't find myself bored with this film at all .
it kept my attention for the entire running time of 45 min .
the main character was likable and it was n't hard to figure out his goals in the story , getting the girl .
his persistence and devotion to solving the case of the missing watch for which was stolen from his love 's father , was entertaining throughout the film .
i thought the part in which the main character fell asleep and became part of the film that he was projecting was a brilliant addition to the story .
although the ending may have been clichã© , that the main character got the girl , the way it ended in which he imitated the moves of the stars in the film he was projecting .

1
this a film that is before its time with editing effects .
an example of this is when buster keaton , as the projectionist , comes out of his body in the projection booth or when he goes through multiple scenery changes while inside the movie screen.the fact that a good portion of this movie is a movie within a movie is reminiscent of a modern film .
the action scenes of this movie are beyond amazing and comprehension .
they have a combination of ease of execution and perfect timing .
this all happening while do motorcycle stunts that require extreme precision .
these in combination with great outlandish comedy representative of the era and masterful is one of the premier movies of its time .
the most important is that in the end the good guy gets the girl and the bad guy gets whats coming to him .

1
i thought buster keaton did a wonderful job of directing and acting in this movie .
this movie 's humor kept you on your toes and the music tied in with the movie very well .
there were a few technical things that were very advanced and new such as moving the camera , multiple scenes and a movie in another movie .
the visual and technical aspects of this movie were a very big accomplishment during this time .
keaton thought creatively and thought outside the box when it came to coming up with the concept of the movie .
he thought of other ways to keep the viewers attention with the lack of voices , the way the music was also helped the story line have more emotion to it .

1
buster keaton did a great job with sherlock jr. .
i have not seen a lot of silent films , but this one is one of the best .
i thought the movie was funny , he used music perfectly with each scene and that kept you entertained .
he did a very good job positioning the camera so you saw the whole scene and capturing different angles , i never thought something was missing from a scene .
overall , i really enjoyed this movie and recommend it to anyone looking to watch a silent film .
the stunts and illusions were done very well and you can tell that buster took his time and spent a lot of time trying to perfect this film .

1
sherlock jr. was my first silent film that i have watched beginning to end , and i have to admit it was not as bad as i expected it to be .
even without dialogue the characters kept it interesting by over expressing things and incorporating quite a deal of comedy .
the music also worked well with the movie by helping describe each situation .
with every silent film i believe there is expected to be some boring parts , but luckily only found myself drifting off once , but even that part tried to stay intriguing by incorporation a lot of stunt work .
buster keaton is known for his stunt work , which he executes very well in the film ; everything seemed to line up perfectly .
i believe anyone who is interested in seeing a silent film should definitely view sherlock it keeps the audience entertained and creates and interesting story line that you will want to follow until the end .

1
this film is about a young man who aspires to be a detective , and solve real crimes .
but he is stuck cleaning and working the projector at a theater until he falls in love with a girl and her fathers pocket watch goes missing .
he gets hot on the trail of the thief and figures everything out .
but in the mean time there are lots of very funny little misadventures along the way , including sherlock jr. being somewhat transported into a movie on the projector screen with some special effects that i have to say are extremely impressive for their time .
the movie has a fairly interesting plot , but the way it was executed is really what makes it a great film .

1
in my very humble opinion , i feel that silent films are n't all good .
what i mean is silent films require some very subtle and also some very powerful facial expressions and body movements .
since the actor obviously wo n't be heard on screen , the audience will need to feel a connection through various emotions .
buster keaton does a notably good job in sherlock jr. .
he guides the viewer through a cavalcade of various emotional states .
often anger , fear , jealousy , and sadness are seen in his face .
as the movie progresses the viewer may seem to have more empathy towards keaton 's character .
a memorable scene is when we see keaton during the lost dollar fiasco .
it is now that we see his comical side , and very diverse sense of humor .

1
the above `` ? ``
was inserted because this film is n't exactly full-length or a short -- it runs at about 44 minutes .
i would have to say it was very enjoyable and fun -- better than most comedies of the 20s , though not as good as keaton 's very best films ( such as our hospitality , the general or steamboat bill , jr. ) .
a word of caution , though , about seeing this film .
the videotape version by kino films , frankly , sucks .
this is n't a word i have often used in describing any film , but it really irritated me that the musical accompaniment on the tape was so bad and so inappropriate .
modern instruments are used and the tempo is way too fast for the film .
it was a major distraction -- so bad that i had to turn off the sound after a while so i could enjoy the film !
on to the film itself -- keaton works at a movie theater and wants to be a detective .
the detective aspect of the film at the beginning did n't work all that well compared to the rest of the film , though a few times it did offer some laughs ( such as when the book recommended trailing the suspect -- buster walked only about a foot behind him and followed him move for move !
) .
instead , what really worked well was when he was the projectionist and fell asleep .
then a surreal dream sequence began and was very creative ( and highly reminiscent of woody allen 's purple rose of cairo ) .
buster walked to the movie screen and literally walked into the film !
this was done , for 1924 , exceptionally well .
then when he became the movie detective , the film hit its stride .
the movie gets very high marks for creativity and pacing .
give it a watch , ... with the sound turned way down !

1
the big parade was written by laurence stallings , a veteran of world war i .
in his autobiography , director king vidor wrote that he was tired of laboring for months on a feature only to see it play for one week in theaters .
so in 1924 he asked m-g-m 's head of production , irving thalberg for the opportunity to make a `` serious `` picture that would have legs .
thalberg was convinced that good art and good box office were not necessarily incompatible and the men began to search for an appropriate war story .
when stallings ' play what price glory ?
caught thalberg 's attention , the writer was hired .
the big parade was first designed as a modest programmer concerning one young man 's disillusionment in the face of war .
when the mgm executives took a look at the rushes , they gave vidor the go-ahead to film an all-out `` spectacular `` , which ended up running 13 reels and costing a $ .
it returned 5 million dollars in the days when tickets averaged less than $ .25 each .
there had been war films before it but vidor wanted to capture the human dimension behind war from a grunt 's point of view .
like vidor 's other masterpiece the crowd it shares his philosophy that we are basically anonymous and anti-heroic our destinies determined by events out of our control .
the film opens on three young men from different walks of life : a bowery bartender , tom o'brien as bull ; a gawky karl dane as slim ; and a rich man 's son , john gilbert as james or jimmy .
where the story differs from wartime propaganda is seen in its careful attention to each individuals humanity .
the first half of the film is taken up with the horsing around between the army buddies and a young french woman they meet played by renee adoree .
their experiences in france are at first light-hearted .
there was even some controversy at the time that lip readers could make out actual curse words actors used and later versions had some shots shortened to prevent offending viewers .
gilbert woos the beautiful village girl who looks just like his fiancã© back home .
scenes between gilbert and adoree , as he shyly flirts and she shyly retreats , made the most of gilbert 's flair for understated acting .
the second half of the film gives way to the shocking reality of the horrors of war .
the film 's many highlights include : the gum chewing lesson ( something vidor claimed he improvised on the set to add a more human dimension ) ; then there is the famous shot of adoree not letting go of gilbert as he and his fellow soldiers march to the front with the endless straight-line of hundreds of trucks suggesting the endless amount of supplies and men , the big parade if you will marching off the end of the world .
vidor prepared himself for the subject by screening documentary films made by the u. s. army signal corps during world war i .
when viewing footage of a group of soldiers solemnly escorting a funeral cortege , vidor was inspired to choreograph the filming of the american forces ' march through belleau wood to the beat of a metronome amplified by a bass drum to heighten the sense of foreboding and death .
sound was used to emotional effect during the film 's remarkably successful 2 year run ( a little longer than the usual one week run ) at new york 's astor theatre on broadway , where eighteen men with bugles and wagons filled with iron created sound effects to replicate the experience of actual battle .
new york times placed the big parade at the top of its list of best films for 1925 , praising it as `` the top-notch photoplay of the year `` and `` unusually original in detail . ``
the variety review called it `` the best of the war pictures `` and praised john gilbert 's performance as `` superb `` and a `` triumph for director king vidor . ``
war films today are usually copies of earlier films influenced by this original , i invite you to see it through those innocent eyes .
as if you had never seen a war film and had just walked into a theater in 1925 ...

1
this early mgm flick ( one of its earliest and probably its first big success ) achieves on many levels , despite being now 74 years old .
it is funny , warm , touching and has some pretty good battle scenes once the boys leave the shelter of the french village and go to the front ( most of pt .2 of the film ) .
leads pretty little renee adoree and the great john gilbert ( who has a passing resemblance to valentino at times methinks ) are excellent and they have a decent support cast alongside .
the best scene of all undoubtedly comes at the end of pt .1 , when frantically searches for her soldier lover as the wagons leave her village and is left as they drive away clutching his discarded shoe as if it is her baby .
i do n't buy that these two could have a future though - he does n't understand french , she does n't understand english .
apart from that little quibble though , this is a fine piece of escapism as far as the romance goes and is still pretty effective in its depiction of the and ultimate futility of war .

1
: the big parade ( 1925 ) - released ; viewed ( wow !
) births : elmore leonard , margaret thatcher , angela lansbury , johnny carson , jonathan winters .
doug : this film is still not out on dvd , so we had to wait for it to come to us .
the 29th annual denver film festival came to town , and this film was on the bill , so we made sure to check it out .
the screening was even accompanied by a live orchestra .
i only saw the first half , which included jim joining the army , meeting bull & slim , meeting the french girl , and eating the cake .
there is a scene early on when jim 's girlfriend tells him how he 'll `` look gorgeous in a uniform , `` and that she 'll `` love him more than ever then . ``
i wonder if buster keaton was inspired by that scene when he did the general .
i also caught just a bit of the second half , and saw jim getting his first taste of battle .
the scene midway through in the trenches is a dramatic high point , when slim is out getting shot , and jim wants to save him but is ordered to hold back .
jim loses it , shouting `` who 's fighting this war ?
men or orders ? ! ``
there was clearly no war movie like this at the time , and it set the standard for the genre from then on .
king vidor takes cues on directing epics from d.w. griffith .
unfortunately , i had to leave early to go to work , so i 'll hand it over to kevin ... kevin : like many of the movies we 've watched in the odyssey , i had trouble staying awake for this one .
i was fully alert for the more exciting and emotionally-charged second half .
following 3 enlisted men ( the main character , a rich man 's son , flanked by a pair of cartoony comrades ) , everything you would expect in a wwi silent film is in here .
the battle scenes raise the bar higher than ever for years to come .
the romantic subplots are n't tacked on , but are essential to the story .
the intensely emotional scenes of the soldiers facing the darkness of the front lines would become a standard in every war movie ( `` who 's fightin ' this war -- men or orders ? ! ``
) .
unlike ` all quiet on the western front , ' there is much more comedy and lighthearted moments peppered throughout .
the soldiers ' downtime is a break from the bleakness of war for the audience as well as the enlisted men .
plus , there 's an unforgettable happy ending .
for me , the ending image of jim hobbling over the hill and reuniting with melisande is the moment in this film that i 'll always remember .
last film viewed : broadway melody of 1929 ( 1929 ) .
last film chronologically : the freshman ( 1925 ) .
next film viewed : island of lost souls ( 1933 ) .
next film chronologically : battleship potemkin ( 1925 ) .

1
i have seen quite a few of the harry langdon shorts that are still in existence and i must say that this is among the best of them , as it 's very funny and sweet and just a bit better than his usual fare .
the film begins with a bunch of burly he-men working in the woods chopping down trees .
suddenly , in this midst of all this manliness , harry langdon shows up and also wants to be a lumberjack !
as you 'd expect , he 's a small weakling that is totally out of his league .
things get worse when harry falls for a nice young lady who 's at the loggers ' camp , as perennial langdon foe vernon dent shows up and thrashed harry .
it seems that dent has decided she 's his girl -- even though the lady has no interest in this brute .
later , we find that harry 's been chased away from the loggers but has landed on his feet as a bouncer in a tough saloon .
somehow , the folks have been fooled into thinking that harry is a super-tough guy and everyone is afraid to cross him .
how this all occurred is pretty cute and it 's funny to see sweet little harry as the town bully -- that is until dent arrives to spoil the fun !
the short excels because the story is stronger than usual and while it 's also pretty sweet , the film does not get mired into pathos .
plus , it 's darn funny .
while i disagree strongly with people who have equated langdon 's talents with that of the comedy greats of his time ( robert youngson seemed to have started this comparison in when comedy was king ) , this film is among the better silent shorts i 've seen and is nearly as good as those of harold lloyd or buster keaton -- two men who were making the best shorts at the time boobs in the woods debuted .

1
the is a charming little film , full of humor and ironies .
based on a play by somerset maugham , the circle is a handsome film directed by frank borzage .
the film opens in the 1890s as lady catherine is about to leave her husband ( and son ) and run off with her lover .
the scene dissolves to 30 years later where young elizabeth ( pretty eleanor boardman ) is facing the same decision : dull husband ( creighton hale ) or dashing lover ( malcolm mcgregor ) .
to make matters worse , lady catherine has been invited ( along with husband ) to visit !
as boardman and company get ready for their guests we get several shots of lady catherine and husband motoring toward the country estate .
the shots are from the back .
so it 's a slight shock when lady catherine breezes into the house and goes up to mcgregor , thinking he 's her son .
lady catherine ( superbly played by eugenie besserer ) is seen to be a rather silly middle-aged dowager wearing too much makeup .
as the story progresses , boardman starts to learn a lesson in romantic folly from the fading older woman who constantly gazes at an old photograph of herself ( it 's actually a photo of 20-year-old joan crawford who also plays the young lady catherine ... one of about a half dozen films she appeared in in 1925 ) .
co-stars include alec b. francis , george fawcett , and jensen .

1
columbia pictures corporation was still a young poverty row contender in 1925 when the danger signal , one of at least 21 productions shot by the studio that year , was released .
originally named cbc film sales for its founders , brothers harry and jack cohn and attorney jack brandt , the motion picture company was soon given the nickname of `` corned beef & cabbage `` by rivals in the field , much to the mortification of harry who pushed for the more dignified moniker .
in the three years since the company was formed , they had become successful enough to purchase two stages and an office building on sunset blvd . .
trade ads from this period boast , `` every picture will have a box office cast ! ``
while dorothy revier and robert gordon might not have been in the same league with pickford and fairbanks , their faces were certainly familiar to audiences of the day .
indeed , revier was named a baby star in 1925 , an honor bestowed by the western association of motion picture advertisers to thirteen young women they believed to be the most promising up-and-comers that year .
gordon had costarred with a pickford ( mary 's brother jack ) in tom sawyer ( 1917 ) and huck and tom ( 1918 ) as huckleberry finn and had n't been out of work since .
jane novak ( who was interestingly a year younger than gordon , who played her son ) was no slouch either , having appeared in 60 or more films before the danger signal , sharing the bill with such notable leading men as william s. hart , hobart bosworth , tom mix and lewis stone .
once believed to be a lost film ( according to the `` lost film files `` page on the silents are golden web site ) , a nitrate print of the danger signal was purchased by the library of congress from a private collector in 2003 and a duplicate negative and safety print were struck this year .
the original nitrate material is about 900 feet short of the ' listed in the afi catalog and for reasons that can only be guessed at , scenes were put together wildly out of order .
after the safety print was made , it was cut and reassembled into sequence , a job not unlike putting together a jigsaw puzzle without the benefit of the picture on the box .
descriptions of the story in publications from the time ( harrison 's reports and exhibitors weekly ) proved to be sketchy at best and inaccurate ( getting even the character 's names wrong ) at worst .
harrison 's and variety both praised the acting and direction of the film however , with the former stating that those attributes `` ... lifted it well out of the class of average productions . ``
the story is a melodrama -- sort of stella dallas meets the corsican brothers .
a recently widowed and destitute young mother ( jane novak ) appeals to her wealthy and heartless father-in-law ( robert edeson ) for financial aid .
instead , he convinces her to hand over her new baby to his care so that the child will be brought up with `` everything money can buy . ``
unbeknownst to the grandfather , we learn that there are twin sons and our heroine keeps one baby to raise herself .
the narrative jumps ahead to the boy 's twenty-first birthday and we see what 's become of them .
not surprisingly , the wealthy son has grown up spoiled and greedy while the poor one works hard and loves his mother .
some special moments to watch for are the rich son 's enormous birthday cake complete with a model train circling it , a tender moment when novak strokes her lost son 's discarded glove and remembers caressing his hand when he was an infant , and an exciting runaway train sequence near the end that will have you biting your nails .

1
dateline : hollywood , saturday , september 3 , 2005 .
from the moment cinecon festival host bob walked out in front of the audience at the egyptian theater to announce that jenny of the library of congress was here to talk about the danger signal before the screening , the mood was eager anticipation .
meanwhile jenny , from the back row of the balcony shouted , `` what ! ? ``
( it seems the staff had forgotten to ask her ... ) as she dashed downstairs , bob continued , `` jenny said she would love to introduce the film , `` and a voice from the stairwell responded , `` no i did n't ! ``
which broke up the crowd .
as jenny tried to catch her breath , she explained how this newly struck print of a formerly lost film came about .
the library of congress recently acquired an old nitrate print of the title in a recently purchased collection .
unfortunately , the print was put together out of sequence and some footage was missing .
by making notes on index cards of each scene , she was able to the new safety print into a cohesive story .
even though some scenes and title cards were missing and a few shots showed brief decomposition , the performances and the story were so involving as to make up for the brief jumps in the film .
out of breath but relieved , jenny said she hoped the audience would enjoy this premiere screening of the new print .
as the film unrolled and the now prepared audience watched , they let their guard down and let the film in .
accompanist gabriel 's score set the tone from the melodramatic opening all the way through to the exciting runaway train climax and the crowd responded with enthusiastic applause .
when spectators expressed appreciation of the film to jenny after the screening , she praised the work of library of congress quality control technicians bruce and james cozart for the restoration of a once lost silent gem .
now with this fresh find , film buff 's batteries will be recharged to find and restore more titles !
see it if you can at the library of congress , packard campus for audio-visual conservation in culpeper , virginia this september 18th , 2010 at 7:30 pm and it 's free !

1
due to the success of `` the mark of zorro `` , douglas fairbanks returned to the screen for this sequel -- a film about the brave son of zorro .
instead of taking place in california , however , the narration explains that all first-born sons in the vega family travel to spain for an education .
so , we see the whip-wielding don q making friends and having a heck of a good time in the mother country .
after meeting the archduke of the empire ( i guess he , too , was there for an education or to meet some senoritas ) , the two become fast friends .
however , when don q begins to woo a lady ( mary astor ) , the evil don sebastian ( donald crisp ) concocts a plan .
he kills the poor archduke and frames don q !
so , during much of the film , the son of zorro is a wanted man .
only after some cool action and help from his daddy ( how did he get from california to spain -- i mean , it 's literally half a world away !
) -- and you then get to see two douglas fairbanks in a rousing finale .
while this is a derivative film , it is fun .
plus , how can the film help but be wonderful -- it is a fairbanks film during his heyday in hollywood .
excellent action , acting and script combine to make this one as good as the original fairbanks film .
by the way , look at the runaway bull scene where don q supposedly stops a bull from the bullring on a wild stampede through the streets .
it 's clearly not one of the spanish cows bred for the ring but some old dairy cow !
i can see why they did n't want fairbanks to risk his life in such a scene , but they used a dairy cow -- and that gave me a bit of a laugh .

1
after seeing this movie ( along with many other dreyer 's movies ) i still wonder why people think that this danish director is kind of boring .
this is perfect example of what dreyer 's cinematography is and what is not .
this is a film where you can find some gentle spirit lying beneath .
some sort of quietness that fulfils the whole movie .
as in many other of his early movies , dreyer puts the spectator in a superior level .
we are given the opportunity to watch an everyday 's scene : a woman subjugated to a spoilt man 's will .
we watch her wake up early in the morning , wash dishes , clean the whole house , prepare her husband 's breakfast and all she gets in exchange is bad manners and retreats from him .
the that the nanny builds up to make the man feel guilty and so , to make him behave , unfolds in a subtle and sometimes funny way , making the watching more enjoyable from the distance .
it 's hard to describe the perfect acting that the main characters bring to this beautiful film ; an acting full of details and emotion .
enjoyable form the first frame to the last one , this film will work perfectly for dreyer 's fans as long as for those who ever thought this was a tough one .
it 's , probably , the perfect bridge to approach to dreyer 's masterpieces such as `` ordet `` and `` gertrud `` .
hope you like it as much as i did .

1
before i begin , i must confess that i am not eternally in awe at the genius of the director , dreyer .
while he has an absolutely amazing reputation , several of his more famous films have left me a bit flat .
so it was a very welcome thing when i watched this more conventional and entertaining film -- after his vampire film and the other about joan of arc , i was really , really looking forward to something lighter in mood .
this film was exactly what i had in mind .
this is a pretty ordinary domestic comedy for dreyer .
i do n't say ordinary in a bad sense , but that the film felt more approachable and designed for the common person in the audience instead of being an art film ( which he was famous for making ) .
okay , now that i probably have insulted all the dreyer fans out there , i 'll get on the heart of my review .
this is the tale of an over-worked and completely unappreciated housewife .
in so many ways , she tries so hard so be the perfect wife but the cad of a husband can do nothing but criticize and berate her as well as be harsh towards the kids .
and , the wife being a `` co-dependent `` ( a nice modern psychobabble word , huh ?
) , she thinks all she needs to do is try even harder and she makes excuse after excuse for the jerk .
this seems to be a problem without a solution until the husband 's old nanny comes to the home and sees how frazzled the wife is and how the hubby is a selfish spoiled brat .
`` `` comes to the rescue -- getting the wife out of the house and to a sanitarium for a rest .
and , with the nanny back in charge , the spoiled guy slowly starts to realize just how good he had it -- as he no longer is allowed to bully and browbeat to get his way .
the film is mildly funny , but is meant more as social commentary .
in some ways it 's pretty effective , but at times it is also kind of heavy-handed .
also , the film says things like `` all men are that way `` and `` women do three times the work of men `` and so it seems like the pro-feminist message is just a little too much at times .
instead of presenting a balanced view and showing how both men and women work hard and deserve respect , that men are like big babies and women are the backbone of every family .
while this is definitely true of the family in this film , the film is itself perpetuating a stereotype .
this can easily be forgiven , as in the 1920s , women were so much more under-appreciated , so it is n't like it irritated me -- it just tended to occasionally use hyperbole and overstate things to drive the point home -- again and again and again -- making the film a tad heavy-handed .
my advice is to ignore the excesses and just enjoy good film-making and entertainment .

1
exceptional because 90 % of the story is set in an apartment but does not bore the viewer.the main credit to the movie should go to the the story is mainly serious many of the lines show well thought out 's already been brought out how the film is a step back in time showing how a typical danish family might of went about doing daily chores in that times it has the look of being filmed for future generations to a person carrying a tub of clothes up a few flights of stairs can generate a lot of appreciation for a clothes few outdoor scenes were of interest also as they reflected a lifestyle of the the story is of a a bad husband/father mistreating the add to his fearful image he seems to be a huge man.this may be best noted in a closeup scene of his hand and the oldest daughter 's hand together , the difference in size is great.the emphasis on his being a tyrant is great also but quite believable.the wife 's slave like existence is laid on thick and is not quite so believable.the doubt here being brought about by her total lack of verbal response to the husbands unreasonable just puts her head down and role is almost 100 % fairytale to her cinderella might seem mentioning of the wife 's lack of protest is an observation not an criticism ( it 's not easy to make that sound right ) .
anyone with only a slight interest in this subject matter will probably still be entertained by this movie .

1
there is a fundamental disagreement about go west , between those who see it as keaton 's only sentimental movie , and those who think buster is satirizing sentimentality .
i 'm in the latter group .
keaton 's satire is so subtle , and so devoid of meanness , that people easily miss it -- but i 'm convinced he 's playing the whole opening sequence with tongue firmly in cheek .
his character , `` friendless , `` is just a shade too pathetic to take seriously ; even a dog turns away coldly when he tries to pat it .
buster is not appealing for pity here , he 's getting in a gentle dig at other performers ( particularly , perhaps , one whose initials were c.c . ) who did .
in a later scene , mooning over a girl who wo n't give him the time of day , buster leans wistfully against the edge of a well .
his elbow knocks the bucket into the well , the rope unspools and the handle , spinning , clunks him smartly on the head .
do n't feel sorry for me , he is saying : laugh at me .
buster 's screen character is a stoic ( as he was off-screen ) , and his sense of humor is part of his stoicism .
his insistence on seeing the comedy even in painful and humiliating situations is the inexhaustible source of his dignity .
buster had a natural rapport with animals .
he shares their mute patience : `` they do not sweat and whine about their condition , `` as walt whitman wrote , and neither did he .
the heart of go west is the touching -- though faintly ridiculous -- friendship between friendless and brown eyes , a pretty little holstein cow who is ostracized by other cows on the ranch where friendless works as a hand .
buster trained brown eyes himself , and she follows him around with endearing , dopey devotion .
in one of the film 's best sight gags , he ties a pair of antlers on her head so that she can defend herself against horned steer .
she looks like a seriously overweight reindeer .
the plot is driven by friendless 's efforts to save brown eyes from being sent to the slaughterhouse with the rest of the cattle , and to save his employer from financial ruin .
he shows some interest in his employer 's attractive daughter , but not a whole lot ; poor kathleen myers is left with little to do , and looks a bit miffed at playing second fiddle to a cow .
go west is easily keaton 's oddest film , and it 's not entirely successful .
there 's a limit to how much comedy you can get out of cows .
where buster got the idea of making a movie that centers around cattle i do n't know ( though i do think `` brown eyes `` is a joke about the devoted , cow-eyed leading ladies featured by some other comedians .
) but once he got an idea , buster always explored it thoroughly and carried it as far as it would go .
he dreamed up a promising finale : a herd of cattle turned loose in the streets of los angeles .
unfortunately , as he himself later said , it did n't work out as planned .
there 's an enjoyable zaniness and surrealism to the spectacle , but it 's all a little overplayed , mack sennett style , which is uncharacteristic for a keaton movie .
even more atypically , he fakes the final stampede by speeding up the film : it just was n't possible to get the cows moving fast enough to provide a satisfying final chase .
the earlier part of go west , however , contains a number of beautifully keatonesque moments : his attempt to adopt a walk to look like an old cowboy , the elegantly summarized sequence where he rides the rails , the perfect timing of the supper table scenes , in which buster repeatedly arrives just as everyone is leaving , then finally `` turns the tables . ``
just hired at the ranch , buster is handed a pail and stool and told to milk a cow .
he approaches the cow , places the pail under her udders , sits down a discreet yard away and waits for the cow to do her thing .
when nothing happens , he takes the pail and shows it to the cow , in case she did n't notice it was there , puts it back and keeps waiting patiently .
playing it straight , never his jokes , finding comedy in stillness and in not reacting , a comedy of negative spaces , is the essence of keaton 's style .
he never `` milks `` his gags -- not even this one .
in my favorite scene , buster pokes fun at his own `` stone face `` persona .
he 's playing cards with a couple of tough cowboys and accuses one of cheating .
the cowboy pulls out his six-gun , levels it at buster , and orders , `` when you say that -- smile . ``
buster 's reaction is one of his subtlest and most ineffably hilarious close-ups .
he pauses ; he ponders -- not whether to smile , but how to get out of the jam since he ca n't smile .
he tries out the lillian gish , broken blossoms bit of pushing the corners of his mouth up with his fingers .
not good enough .
he sighs .
then a crafty determination creeps into his eyes .
he insinuates his pinky behind the cowboy 's trigger finger , and with all his strength keeps him from squeezing the trigger while he pulls out his own tiny gun ( which , for convenience , he has attached to a string like a child 's ) and makes the guy back down .
not smiling is a matter of life and death .

1
after trading all his belongings for a large sandwich , keaton 's nameless character hops on a train with the intent of leaving his small town for the big city .
he quickly realizes that city life is no better for him as he 's literally trampled underfoot by a crowd of people and jumps on the train again , this time with the intention of seeking his fortune as so many did in the west .
he falls out near a large cattle ranch and manages to secure work there .
of course he 's quite unsuited for the ranch lifestyle as well .
he befriends a cow that 's nearly as unwanted as he is and spends most of his time on the ranch protecting his bovine protã©gã© .
all is not well at the ranch , however , as the proprietor must sell his herd right away or risk losing his business .
keaton 's character accompanies the cows on their train ride and ends up attempting to drive the whole lot of them to the slaughterhouse all by himself .
this is fraught with complication and the cattle run riot through the streets ( and buildings !
) of los angeles in an exciting set piece that includes keaton dressing up in a red devil costume complete with horns and a tail .
the film is interesting in that it focuses on an area of western life that gets less attention : the day to day lifestyle of ranchers and their hands .
the first half of the film is full of humorous scenes that set up the character and the situation and the later half of the film has the most laughs as keaton navigates his way through a series of wild cow in the city scenarios .
the story is a bit on the slight side but the comedy works as well as always .
this film is proof that even a minor work from a legend like keaton is still near great .

1
the one great myth about this movie is that it would have been better if it had been four time longer .
it 's extremely good , at it is highly unlikely that the `` `` version would have been better .
in all likelihood , it would simply have been boring .
it 's a matter of faith among the conventional cinema that the studio bosses routinely butchered great films .
judging from the self-indulgent dreck pumped out by unleashed geniuses once the studio system broke down , this is untenable .
stroheim was doubly lucky that the studio cut this film ; the cutting made it good and further gave rise to the legend that an even better movie lived in the director 's cut .

1
frank norris 's 1899 novel mcteague is one of the key works in american literary naturalism , featuring several hallmarks of the literary movement , which flourished around the turn of the century .
erich von stroheim 's adaptation , retitled greed , strictly adhered to the novel and the original nine hour cut must have been a scene for scene translation .
this closeness of the film to the source material means that greed carries over some of naturalism 's key themes .
specifically , the film is about john mcteague , a miner 's son who attempts to better himself by becoming an apprentice in a trade -- dentistry -- but ultimately finds himself doomed to failure as mining is what he was meant to do .
this combination of determinism and social darwinism is typical of naturalism 's focus on the lack of autonomy of individual humans .
another characteristic of naturalism evident in greed is a sort of of human beings as both john mcteague and his father are constantly dirty and covered in masses of unkempt hair .
similarly , in one of von stroheim 's most inspired scenes , some clever editing compares mcteague 's rival marcus to a cat preparing to prey on a couple of helpless caged canaries .
another key theme of greed is ... greed , which wrecks the lives of the three principal characters .
mcteague 's love interest trina is a hard working , thrifty girl who remains relatively happy until she wins a substantial sum in a lottery , after which she becomes a miserable miser as she strives to increase her small fortune .
this infuriates the formerly happy-go-lucky marcus , who gracefully bowed out of a with trina to make his friend mcteague happy .
his opportunism is amplified into psychosis as he realizes he 's missed his chance to share a part of trina 's fortune .
the money even ruins mcteague himself , who finds it impossible to work for menial wages when his household possesses enough wealth to allow him a relatively leisurely life if only he could convince his wife to use it .
the other important characters in greed are two diametrically opposed couples : there is the greedy couple zerkow and maria , who dream of fabulous wealth and the elderly couple grannis and miss baker , who are too busy working to notice each other .
zerkow suspects maria is hiding money from him and it drives him mad while grannis sells his business ( for the same amount trina won in the lottery ) and settles down to retirement with miss baker .
the never subtle norris uses these subplots to posit two possible future future paths for mcteague and trina .
contrary to my focus on themes common to the novel and film , greed is not merely an extension of norris 's novel .
von stroheim makes the film his own as he sets the proper tone with colored filters , carefully controlled zooms , and some reasonably well put together editing .
in fact , his filmmaking is considerably more adept than norris 's workmanlike prose .
the climactic scenes in death valley , which von stroheim shoots through a yellow filter , are particularly impressive and are easily among the best of the silent era .
in spite of the carefully realized themes of mcteague , i did not enjoy the novel when i read it a few years ago .
like many works of naturalism , some of the character behavior seems stilted -- probably to reinforce the idea that humans lack autonomy .
further , norris 's lack of style and his heavy-handedness in slathering on miserable situations make for a rather unpleasant reading experience , which to be fair is not atypical of my experiences with literary naturalism .
the most problematic aspect of mcteague , though , is one i 've already mentioned : the social darwinism .
it 's always difficult to establish intent , even with a writer as heavy - handed as norris , but it 's tempting to see the novel as a snobby dismissal of an irredeemable lower class represented by the buffoonish and reprehensible mcteague .
yet , in spite of my dislike for mcteague , which caused me to stay away from this film for years , i found greed quite impressive even with its often languid runtime , which is padded out with uncinematic production stills and expository title cards .
von stroheim has a better sense of characterization and he manages to build some sympathy even for the mostly unlikeable characters here and he infuses the goings on with an epic quality mostly absent from the book .
somehow , von stroheim stayed true to a book i did n't like and made a film i found above average nonetheless .

1
erich von stroheim directs `` greed `` , a classic of silent cinema .
famously shot on over 440 reels of celluloid , only to have over four hundred and thirty reels slashed by metro , the film has been shown over the decades with wildly differing , some cuts running between eight and ten hours long , some four hours and some a mere one hundred and twenty minutes .
mgm eventually burnt most of the film 's footage in 1957 , supposedly to free up storage space ( and extract silver nitrate from `` greed 's `` film-stock ) .
stroheim died that same year .
in 1999 , american producer rick reconstructed `` greed `` using stroheim 's preproduction material and continuity script ( dated march , 1923 ) .
using photographs , stills and , his cut attempted to restore the film to stroheim 's original intentions .
as 's cut still barely resembles stroheim 's mammoth 9 hour `` director 's cut `` , `` greed `` is typically classified as a `` lost film `` .
epic in scope , `` greed `` revolves around a gang of friends , one of whom is failed gold miner mac mcteague ( gibson gowland ) .
after winning a lottery , the gang progressively destroy one another , some losing their minds , jobs , and some subjecting the others to various forms of inhumanity , betrayal and violence .
sounds straightforward ?
the film is actually very nuanced ( the mgm cuts reduce the film to sensational silliness ) , though you would n't know this from any of the shorter cuts of the film .
whole subplots and chunks were removed such that stroheim 's rich canvas gets condensed into a fairly mundane , melodramatic love triangle .
the film 's longer cuts , however , hint at a better picture , with numerous little scenes and rich details .
what becomes apparent in these cuts is that the film 's title refers not only to gold , money and sex , but to all desire , which turn stroheim 's characters into grotesque little schemers .
born in austria , stroheim skewers a very specific set of american myths -- liberty , independence , individualism , manifest destiny -- as his film portrays masses of immigrants by a united states which swallow identities , bulldozes cultures and breeds insular pockets .
everyone here is motivated by a creed of self-interest and self-protection , hoping and hoping and scrambling over the hopes of others .
one gets the sense of a compulsive busyness but a fundamental emptiness , the false promise of endless opportunity matched by a fear of being cast permanently adrift .
not strictly expressionistic , the film nevertheless contains very big , expressionistic strokes , which attempt to convey a kind of festering cruelty , which grows and grows before consuming totally .
the film ends in death valley , two men scrambling for a gun in a desert , their only witness a starving donkey .
the film 's heavily influenced everything from `` the good the bad and the ugly `` to `` the treasure of the sierra madre `` to `` there will be blood `` to `` seraphim falls `` .
?
/ 10 - for silent film aficionados only .
for decades ( and even to this day ) the film was mocked for being about stroheim 's own greedy need for reels upon reels of footage and film .
whether stroheim 's six and four hour cuts ( which he favoured ) play well today is unknown .

1
a film almost as powerful as it is famous , greed is pretty straight-forward about its theme : greed .
and what it does to people .
this would not be a silent film known for its subtlety , but a large part of that is the fact that it 's really only a tenth of the film it was supposed to be .
entire reels have been cut down to single cue-cards , entire years jump by that were obviously supposed to be shown .
in terms of the general `` rules `` of narrative , it works out well enough that it 's still a quite clear story that follows a reasonable pace , but the lack of a lot of the character development and the like is pretty apparent .
still , the music used on the film and the general story itself is powerful enough , it 's definitely worth your time .
a man and a woman marry .
the man is a simpleton , the woman is a hoarder .
when she wins a $ 5000 lottery , she vows never to spend a cent of it ... something that sets her husband and their common friend at odds as they all want the cash ... but not necessarily to spend it .
entire relationships and lives are ripped asunder as they all grapple for their rights to `` their `` property : their greed .
this movie has been praised for its realism , but that could n't be further from the truth .
this movie is romanticized to the level of absurdity , the characters are so full-blown they are often hard to relate to .
this comes from the fact that 80 % of their development has been lost in the final cut .
i do n't want this to seem like a bad thing : because of their incredible antics , the movie takes you to places almost entirely unheard of and definitely unexpected .
it 's one deep thrill after the other , backed up by some very beautiful imagery and intense music .
it 's just unfortunately not what the director intended .
even back in the day , people just did n't have a big enough attention span , and i find that very tragic .
i want to see the version .
-- polarisdib

1
in early 1900s california , brash gibson gowland ( john `` mac `` mcteague ) wants a better life than his california mining family .
after becoming a san francisco dentist , mr. gowland falls in love with penny-pinching patient zasu pitts ( as trina ) , who had been dating her cousin and mr. gowland 's only friend , jean hersholt ( as marcus `` marc `` ) .
gowland marries the unusually ms. pitts , and mr. hersholt puts his animosity on the back burner .
temporarily .
eventually , gowland , his wife , and friend are all consumed by `` greed `` .
money changes everything .
erich von stroheim was likely impressed with barry o'neil 's 1916 `` life 's whirlpool `` ( a `` lost `` film with surviving stills showing `` greed `` imagery ) and read frank norris ' source novel `` mcteague `` ( 1899 ) .
mr. von stroheim intended to film the entire book , which resulted in a marathon movie , running over nine hours ; this is the `` mutilated masterpiece `` film buffs drool over , but everyone including von stroheim knew it was too long .
probably , the real loss occurred when mgm further cut the version finalized by rex ingram , with von stroheim 's blessing .
the root of all evil .
the 1999 reconstructed version , by rick for `` turner classic movies `` ( tcm ) , is excellent .
it re-creates , using hundreds of film stills , the nine-hour version .
at four hours , it 's manageable in one sitting ; however , the unenlightened may find it tedious .
sometimes the color is garish , and the glorious `` full color `` photographs of `` old grannis `` and `` miss baker `` seems anachronistic .
after only ten minutes , it 's obvious that mgm cut scenes of great artistic worth , presumably from the version prepared by mr. ingram .
indeed , `` greed `` was a butchered film .
******** greed ( ) erich von stroheim ~ gibson gowland , zasu pitts , jean hersholt , dale fuller

1
`` innocent husbands `` is a very funny short comedy , and a good example of charley chase 's idiosyncratic point of view as it translated to a style of comedy .
it 's full of physical humor , but that physicality is always strongly grounded by situation -- a situation which is funny in itself - - and is never broad .
charley chase is to be admired for the compactness yet completeness of his farces .
here we are familiar already with the figures of the suspicious wife and the titular innocent husband ; they need be introduced only in shorthand .
this allows the rest of the film to become a steady and measured escalation of the concept -- charley is put in situations that will look increasingly compromising and will be increasingly difficult to explain away when his wife gets back , while his actual situation as far as philandering is concerned becomes less and less enticing .
the absurdity grows while the action revolves , giving a kind of incongruous artfulness to the silliness of what is going on .
katherine grant is one of the better female supporting players who was appearing in hal roach films at this time , and she gives a good performance here : given the role of charley 's stern and suspicious wife she plays it with enough seriousness to allow the humor of the events surrounding her to show through and make the scenes believable .
frequent laurel and hardy supporting player james finlayson gets a funny turn without his usual false .
the plot strain that has charley 's night become increasingly unpleasant -- as he is dragged to a party he does n't want to attend then is saddled against his will with an extremely unpleasant date -- generates a lot of good situations and casts new light with an original twist on the familiar backbone situation of the husband .

1
the title seems to promise more than it delivers because you know that norma ( as molly ) , whether leaving reform school or being `` vampy `` at kelly 's dance hall , was always going to be a good gal at heart .
it did deliver on norma 's depth as an actress however .
norma had been in the movies for 5 years and even though her films were cheaply made , they were extremely popular with the public .
with garbo 's arrival at mgm , norma felt confident of her status as a star to ask for more diverse parts .
`` lady of the night `` was definitely a marked departure from her `` sweet young things `` - even though flo ( she played dual parts ) showed she could still play pure and chaste with the best of them .
chris helmer is sentenced to 20 years - he leaves behind his wife and new baby daughter molly .
as he is taken away , he sees the judge 's new baby , flo , and ponders about the `` haves `` and `` have nots `` of society .
eighteen years later while flo is graduating from a select ladie 's academy , molly is graduating - from reform school ( along with buddy gwen lee ) .
molly goes to kelly 's dance hall - talk about dressed to kill - with spit curls , a beret and plumes , she is a real eyeful ! ! !
she is also a real wildcat and when she receives some unwanted attention , she fights back - and how ! ! !
she gets help from dave page ( malcolm mcgregor ) , a friend of her boyfriend `` chunky `` dunn ( george k. arthur ) .
dave is an inventor and has invented a safe opening device .
while `` chunky `` wants him to sell it to some crooks he knows `` they 'll always play fair `` , molly persuades him to do the right thing and sell it to the banks .
dave is not like the usual types , who molly hangs around with and she tries to make herself more respectable and just like a lady .
while dan likes her as a good friend , he has already found the girl of his dreams in flo .
flo meets molly in a cab and together they form a bond , even hugging - a quite inventive split screen scene .
the film does n't end in the conventional way - molly decides to head out west with `` chunky `` - for some `` laughs `` .
he never really seemed like a criminal anyway , more like a `` good guy `` .
i really loved norma as molly - it was a role she could really sink her teeth into and of course with monta bell , she had a director of style and sophistication - together they were a brilliant combination .
highly recommended .

1
uncommonly fine little rural romance , where the familiar plot contrivances ( mother love , war heroics , the `` daddy long legs `` motif of the benefactor falling in love with his ward ) are transcended by sensitive treatment .
borzage was working near the height of his powers , and his restrained handling of the actors and staging of the scenes make this comedy-drama far less dated than most of its contemporaries .
he seems to really believe in the material , and so will you .
buck jones , for most of his career a b-western star , shows what he can do under a fine director : he has expressive eyes and a tender rapport with the rest of the cast .
also , as with so many borzage projects , it 's beautifully shot .
one complaint : it ends rather abruptly and inconclusively ( unless i saw an incomplete print ) .
you expect things to come full circle , and they do n't .

1
johnny ( johnny arthur ) is an amateur detective and sets out to solve the disappearance of john bowman .
meanwhile he also fights for the attention of betty watson ( gertrude olmstead ) from hal ( hallam ) .
they soon all end up in a very weird sanitarium run by dr. ziska ( lon channey ) who may not be what he seems to be ... this has it all -- three innocents stuck in a creepy sanitarium on a dark and stormy night ; a mad doctor ; clutching hands ; secret passageways ; monsters lurking about and lots of action and adventure .
this is a very strange but fun horror comedy with the emphasis on comedy .
some of the comedy is stupid ( arthur getting drunk was tired and unfunny ) but , for the most part , it works .
the horror aspect here is minor and would n't even scare a young kid .
the acting is all pretty good .
as for chaney he 's obviously enjoying himself -- it 's one of his few roles when he does n't have tons of makeup on .
he also plays his character way way way over the top , but does so in an engaging way .
yes it 's a silly movie but , after it gets to the sanitarium , in never stops moving and is lots of fun .
it gets only an 8 because of the slow opening half hour and a terrible music score that does n't even match the images on screen !

1
although certainly not one of lon chaney 's most well-known pictures , this one really epitomizes the horror movie .
even today , it 's perfect for re-living the good old days ( or nights ) while at home on a late-night weekend , eating popcorn and drinking beer .
of course , there is no longer a `` scare `` in any old movie , but the art of the movie itself is what makes the classic horror pictures still work .
chaney 's `` dr. ziska `` is more low-key than a lot of his roles ( and i am a big lon chaney fan , anyway ) and he does most of his acting ( up until the end of the movie ) with subtle nuances and subdued facial expressions - i love it !
johnny arthur is so great , i just wish that they could somehow have gotten his unforgettable voice into the picture .
i do n't think that it 's supposed to be `` funny `` at all , it 's just trying to illustrate johnny arthur 's character as green , naive , timid , yet motivated and valiant .
this is the old gothic `` scary `` movie at its best ; i have it on video and watch it often .

1
lon chaney , like edward g. robinson , was more than happy to parody his image .
the surprising thing with chaney is that it came so early in his `` horror `` career .
this was his second mgm movie - straight after `` he who gets slapped `` , which is probably why it was n't that popular .
a big problem was that audiences of the time found it so hard to understand a movie poking fun at a genre that only came into existence a few years earlier .
roland west was the perfect director for it but although he directed a few atmospheric thrillers like `` the bat `` , `` the monster `` and the excellent early talkie `` alibi `` , his output was sparse and by 1931 he had directed his last film `` corsair `` with his good friend chester morris and current girl friend thelma todd .
adapted from the play by crane wilbur ( earlier the hero of `` the perils of pauline `` serial ) it had opened in new york in 1922 with a respectable 101 performances .
the movie starts out creepily enough .
`` a human monster watched with cat like eyes for a victim `` ! ! !
then john bowman , the town 's wealthy farmer is run off the road with the old `` smoke and mirrors `` trick and disappears ! ! !
for the next half hour the film becomes a small town comedy - it seems everybody 's a detective and has an opinion , none more so than johnny ( johnny arthur ) who has just earned his detective diploma and has found a clue at the crime scene - a scribbled message for help with the name of a disused - but instead he becomes the town laughing stock .
no wonder audiences felt shortchanged .
lon chaney did n't make his appearance until the 30 minute mark and the two male leads were pretty under whelming .
johnny arthur , as the put upon hero would not have caught any small town girl 's eye and basically played a mincing milquetoast , a role he perfected in the talkies and hallam cooley was pretty forgettable as his rival .
the last hour takes place at the where the lunatics have taken over the asylum and as usual lon chaney puts everyone else in the shade .
he plays dr. ziska and he brilliantly overplays it to the hilt - with his weird bunch of henchmen - `` you are trying to make me mad - and i have an operation to perform `` ! ! !
and as one body hurtles down the chute `` you sent me a man - and you know i wanted a woman `` ! ! !
i suppose more sophisticated movie patrons of the time would have enjoyed it but most were probably expecting ( with a title like `` the monster `` ) another `` phantom of the opera `` .
gertrude olmstead , as betty , was a nice actress who was more than happy to retire when she met the love of her life robert z. leonard who was recovering from his years of being married to `` queen of the divas `` , mae murray .

1
this was hitchcock 's first ever film as director to be completed and it is indicative of his huge talent .
despite its age and therefore somewhat primitive production the young hitch does a superb , professional and classy job .
the film maintains interest throughout and is still funny , entertaining and impressive when viewed today !
hitchcock imbues it with directorial flourishes of brilliance with clever , interesting camera shots , intelligent storytelling and little bits of his psychological themes which strengthen all his films .
in conclusion this is a superb film considering its age and the fact it is hitchcock 's debut .

1
contrary to what you may have read , `` seven chances `` ( 1925 ) was made before buster keaton signed with mgm and relinquished artistic control over his own films .
his gifts of extraordinary agility , timing , and visualizing the comic potential in the most mundane situations are everywhere in evidence .
the plot of `` seven chances `` is ancient .
a young bachelor stands to inherit millions if he can find a bride by a certain day and marry at a certain hour .
the date is invariably the same as the day the will is read , and in the hands of keaton , his writers and cast , the comic possibilities are brilliantly exploited .
the same premise was the basis for at least three other films before keaton 's , and was remade ( abysmally -- from what i 've read ) as `` the bachelor `` with chris o'donnell in 1999 .
the chain of events that flows from news of the inheritance just builds and builds over the course of the film , the gags growing increasingly clever as time grows shorter .
`` seven chances `` clocks in at less than an hour , but the final 15 minutes ( which buster keaton reportedly reworked several times ) are among the most hilarious in all of silent film , perhaps in the history of screen comedy .
initially , only buster , his business partner ( t. ray brown ) and the lawyer ( snitz edwards , who was so terribly homely he was cute ) are aware of the dilemma .
after buster botches a proposal to his longtime girlfriend , ( ruth dwyer ) , he pops the question to several more female acquaintances , with predictably embarrassing results .
it is then that brown and edwards ( unbeknownst to buster ) decide to place a newspaper announcement advertising his plight .
once the newspapers hit the streets , the chase is on .
keaton is pursued through 1920s los angeles by dozens , then scores , then seemingly hundreds of would-be brides .
they come in all ages , shapes and sizes , makeshift veils trailing after them .
no obstacle is too great in their pursuit to beat out each other for the prize of marriage to a man they do n't even know , and buster throws out plenty of roadblocks in his wake .
in 1979 , walter kerr wrote the definitive book on silent comedies , `` the silent clowns . ``
one of the jacket blurbs reads , `` i found myself laughing out loud at routines from movies i have never seen . ``
i do n't have kerr 's gift , but i can tell you that `` seven chances `` is the most consistently funny movie buster keaton ever made .
all of his movies include inventive sight gags , but `` seven chances , `` more than most of buster 's movies , relies on character comedy as well as situational comedy for its humor .
and it scores a bull 's eye on both .
a sheer delight .

1
buster keaton catapults himself down a steep hillside , an avalanche of pebbles , rocks and boulders tumbling in his wake .
if any one of these objects were to strike him down , he would certainly be killed by the impact .
he is almost escaping the rocks now ; just a few more seconds of frantic sprinting is required .
suddenly , keaton looks up , only to find a massive horde of woman striding purposefully towards him .
he is stuck between a rock and a hard place : an avalanche behind him , and a flock of would-be brides ahead .
quickly and delicately weighing his chances of survival either way , keaton turns determinedly towards the barrage of boulders .
it is hilarious little moments like this that make buster keaton 's silent comedies such a joy to watch , and ` seven chances ' is certainly one of the funniest i 've seen , brimming with the talented actor 's trademark deadpan humour .
the premise on which the story is based is singularly ridiculous , and so this allows keaton to have a great deal of fun , placing his character in appropriately bizarre situations .
young jimmy shannon ( keaton ) loves his sweetheart mary jones ( ruth dwyer ) , but can never quite muster up the courage to tell her , and most certainly could never take that plunge into marriage .
however , one day he discovers that his grandfather has left him the princely sum of $ 7 million , but only if he gets married ... by 7 pm that day !
after he is rejected by mary ( due to an unfortunate misunderstanding ) , jimmy seeks out another would-be bride , ultimately realising that finding a wife is n't as easy as he had hoped .
the first half of the film is admittedly light on keaton 's patented stunt-work , but it remains a clever and witty situation comedy , with poor jimmy suffering the laughter of onlookers as he moves from one girl to the next , tentatively asking for their hands in marriage .
when all this fails , an advertisement in the newspaper brings hundreds of women to jimmy 's side , but by now he 's realised that mary is the only girl he could ever marry .
as he struggles desperately to get to her home by 7:00 , he is pursued by a horde of ladies : big and small , young and old , beautiful and ugly .
this is truly where keaton comes into his element , and a hectic scramble down a hillside -- pursued by an avalanche of rocks -- is the film 's most memorable moment -lcb- the idea for this scene came by accident , when keaton inadvertently dislodged some rocks while he was running .
the preview audience responded so favourably that he decided to re-shoot an extended sequence -rcb- .
the rocks look quite convincing , and i was pretty much fooled into thinking that keaten was really dodging the real thing ( until i noticed him get bowled over by one of the boulders , without any apparent ill-effects !
) ` seven chances ' moves by at such a frenetic pace that there is n't a moment that could be trimmed .
though it runs for just 56 minutes , i had a huge smile on my face for every single one of them .

1
based on the hit broadway show by david belasco and foisted upon him by his longtime collaborator and producer john m. schenck , buster keaton regarded seven chances as his least favourite of his films , so much so that he tried to prevent a restoration from the one known copy .
this is all considerably surprising and perhaps indicative of the professionalism the former vaudeville daredevil regarded his film work with , that despite his personal disaffection for the project , buster keaton turned it into a bonafide classic so very representative of his work .
the basic story of a young man who must get married by seven o'clock that afternoon in order to inherit a vast fortune left to him by his deceased grandfather , becomes a setup , as keaton tries his luck proposing to `` anything that wears a skirt , including a `` , for a huge uproarious chase scene in the second half on roads , mountains , land and water .
keaton being chased by an irate throng of brides through city streets and countryside is as iconic an image as keaton being chased by the swarm of cops in his one-reeler cops while many of the pratfalls and visual gags recall the breathtaking daring-do and ingenuity of his earlier sherlock jr. .

1
desperate for money to save his failing business , junior stockbroker buster keaton ( as james `` jimmie `` shannon ) is understandably pleased to learn his recently deceased grandfather has tentatively left him $ 7 million .
in order to inherit the money , mr. keaton must get married by 7 pm .
after a misunderstanding with girlfriend ruth dwyer ( as mary jones ) , keaton gets `` seven chances `` to propose , but each woman turns him down .
when a newspaper article reveals keaton 's potential , every woman in the vicinity decides to pursue him .
keaton decides marrying ms. dwyer is the correct way to go , if he can get away from a landslide of eager women ... lost on modern audiences is a moment when keaton visits a theater to propose marriage to a showgirl , who we 're told is julian eltinge ; filmgoers in 1925 would have known this was a female impersonator .
another of keaton 's prospects in young jean arthur ( as `` miss smith `` ) .
the colorful opening gives `` seven chances `` a great start , but frequent `` ethnic `` humor is not funny .
it 's hard to believe keaton considered this film substandard .
even before it gets going , it 's a top quality production .
there are enough chuckles before the famous chase scene , which really begins when keaton falls asleep in church and the women start rushing to meet him .
******** seven chances ( ) buster keaton ~ buster keaton , ruth dwyer , snitz edwards , t. roy barnes

1
jimmie shannon ( buster keaton ) is a broker in need of money .
when a lawyer comes to tell him he has inherited a certain sum , jimmie avoids him thinking he may be bringing a summons .
and then when he does hear the good news , there 's a catch ... directed by and starring buster keaton , this film portrays his particular brand of physical comedy , though perhaps not with as much danger as `` the general `` or as many tricks as `` sherlock jr. `` the music of robert israel really carries this film .
not just because it 's a silent film , but because it 's great music -- moving , light and comedic .
and there is an implied racial tone ... jimmie passes on proposing to both a jew and a black woman .
i literally `` laughed out loud `` at this film !
it is a shame keaton considered it his worst film .
who knew it was so hard to get someone to marry you for $ 7,000,000 ( in 1925 money , no less ) ?

1
this is a ` lost ' twenties film that deserves to be seen today .
this is one of the few exceptions of western films that sympathetically portrays native americans and the abuses they suffered .
you wo n't see another one like this until ` broken arrow ' ( 1950 ) .
unfortunately , many of these ` exceptions ' focus on just one individual indian and his personal story , rather than plead the indians ' case .
this one mixes both , and is the only film that really attempts to put a zane grey novel on screen .
today , richard dix 's emotional range here does n't seem very great ( checking out his other films it never did ) , but is that because his noble stoicism is deliberate ?
in one of his ` job-like ' scenes it almost comes to the surface ; his high morality does surely come through .
there 's a mind boggling prolog of the entire history of native americans , including the cliff dwellers ; the history of indians moves through time ending with dix 's return to his native land after world war i. another real high point is the dastardly noah beery who does n't need sound to convey his two faced menace .
you can imagine the cheers when he finally gets it ( in the neck ) .
his amazing range as an actor can be seen in ` the mark of zorro ' ( 1920 ) where he is the hilariously buffoonish sergeant , and of course , as buster keaton 's competition in ` three ages ' ( 1923 ) keaton 's spoof of ` intolerance ' ( 1916 ) .
truly epic in scope , this is definitely a film that deserves to be seen today , and can be thoroughly enjoyed by all .
i give it an 8 .

1
i did n't read the book by l. frank baum so i ca n't say if this adaptation is faithful but it was adapted by his son for a screenplay .
in this silent film version , everything is minimal but still it is entertaining at times .
the cast stars dorothy dwan as dorothy .
the supporting cast has oliver hard from laurel and hardy as the tin woodsman .
the film has retained dorothy , the scarecrow , the tin man , and the lion in it 's cast .
there are no special effects but there are large crowd scenes .
the story is about dorothy who is the rightful heir to the kingdom of oz but the wizard of oz is doing everything he can to keep her from gaining the throne .
there is no tornado or wicked witches but the wicked wizard .
this film would be good for die-hard wizard of oz fans as well as silent film-buffs but for not much else .

1
i found this on dvd , and loving old movies , even silents , i thought it would be interesting .
indeed , it is nothing like the judy garland version , and it is changed from the original story .
dorothea , as her name is spelled , is n't a young child as in the books , but 18 , and the rightful ruler of oz .
the oz characters have queer names that actually befit their personalities , like prince kynd .
the musical score sounded weird at first , but i got used to it ( i rarely find a distracting musical score on a silent film ) .
it is almost pure caricature .
my one thing i hate is that a narrator reads the subtitles as they are shown on the screen .
it is totally unnecessary , unless it was done to promote the film for children .
in many cases i would n't think a small child would even want to watch a film with no talking ( i certainly did n't ) , even if it is the wizard of oz .
a lot of the actors are funny .
dorothy dwan was around 18 , but her looks and mannerisms are totally exaggerated , making her look like a woman with the mannerisms of a child .
she , along with much of the rest of the cast , exaggerates her acting , which i do n't usually see in silent films .
without it , it probably would n't have been very interesting .
there is plenty of pure slapstick , and overall it is a treat , and therefore worth a look at .
it does n't take itself seriously .

1
it 's curious that buster keaton , whose training was in a knockabout vaudeville act and slapstick comedy shorts , was so good at playing pampered , effete young millionaires .
he just happened to be one of nature 's aristocrats .
buster appreciated the comic possibilities of this character -- starting out so helpless allowed plenty of room for dramatic development -- and the role also suited his innate gentleness and quiet dignity .
buster played wealthy in several of his movies , including the navigator , but he was never more placidly twitty than in battling butler .
for the first half of the movie he looks like a 1920s fashion plate , exquisitely groomed , demonstrating what the well-dressed man will wear for hunting , fishing , etc . .
he is alfred butler , whose tycoon father , annoyed by his son 's languid existence , sends him an a camping expedition to toughen him up .
in the mountains , he sleeps in a vast tent complete with bed , wardrobe and tiger rug ; his faithful valet lays out his clothes , draws his bath , and serves his meals on silver dishes .
this is my idea of roughing it !
while attempting to hunt ( obliviously missing every animal in the forest ) and fish ( capsizing his boat in pursuit of a bobbing duck ) , alfred encounters a pretty `` mountain girl `` ( sally o'neil .
) they fall in love , but her family wo n't accept this sissy as an in-law until alfred 's valet tells them that his employer is actually alfred `` battling `` butler , a boxer contending for the lightweight title .
alfred goes along with the ruse for the sake of the girl .
then he encounters the real `` battling `` butler , and after a misunderstanding involving the boxer 's wife , `` battling `` tells alfred that he can fight the title bout with the `` alabama murderer `` -- or he 'll blow his cover .
the rest of the film follows alfred 's difficulties as the trainers try to turn the playboy into a fighter .
along with the athletic sequences in his later movie college , these scenes offer the most sustained focus on buster 's extraordinary physique and what he could do with it .
with his small stature , buster could convincingly portray a milquetoast as long as he kept his clothes on , but once he strips down to boxing shorts it 's all too obvious how exceptionally fit he was .
in the opening shot of the training sequence , he 's obviously supposed to look puny and defenseless ; instead he looks like he could easily be a boxer .
despite his sculpted body , buster plays these scenes with a realism that renders them almost painful to watch .
he reacts the way any normal , human being would to being mercilessly pummeled .
he shows hurt and exhaustion , and displays his own nearly limitless endurance of both .
buster had , it must be said , an unhealthy capacity to take punishment .
it was n't masochism , just that his pride in his physical abilities and the authenticity of his stuntwork outweighed any concern for his own well-being .
he must have been used to pain : as the star of an act renowned as the roughest in vaudeville , he 'd been `` taking it like a man `` ever since he was a toddler .
at the end of the movie , `` battling `` attacks alfred viciously , and finally alfred retaliates and beats the boxer unconscious .
many people dislike this fight , feeling it 's uncharacteristic for buster to triumph through brute force , sheer slugging , rather than ingenuity or pluck .
the fight was keaton 's own addition to the play that was the source for the movie .
the original ending simply let alfred off the hook without having to fight , which buster felt was dramatically unsatisfying .
pushed too far , humiliated too deeply , his meek character finally responds with fury and violence .
it is uncharacteristic , but maybe he liked it for just that reason .
off-screen , buster had a troubling passivity , especially in his unhappy married life , and he must have enjoyed playing a character who effectively fights back .
still , i prefer the first half of the movie , with its gentle pace , low-key jokes and elegant touches .
alfred 's valet is played by snitz edwards , a tiny actor ( he makes buster look imposing ) with a goblin face and a delicate performing style .
cute as a button , sally o'neil makes one of buster 's most effective leading ladies .
in a sweet image typical of keaton 's sophisticated film-making style , when alfred parts from his wife , as he drives away her face remains framed , like a cameo , in the oval window at the back of the car .
battling butler was one of keaton 's most successful movies when it was released .
like seven chances and college , it lacks the otherworldly originality of his best work , but i 've always liked it better than the other two and considered it a handsome , mature and underrated work .
lacking any large-scale set-pieces , this film rests almost entirely on buster 's performance .
`` do you think you could learn to love me ? ``
he asks sally o'neil .
she replies , as i would : `` i have . ``

1
this is a very good buster keaton film .
however , some might be put off by the scarcity of pratfalls and belly laughs compared to many of his other efforts .
that 's because this film is much more plot driven and character driven than most silent comedies -- and that works well for me , though you might miss the more acrobatic and violent character he plays in his shorts and in some of his full-length ones .
buster plays a spoiled rich young man who really needs to be toughened up -- so his dad tells him to go camping .
the next segment is probably the funniest , as it cuts to a `` wilderness `` scene -- complete with a butler , tub , poster bed , and all the other modern conveniences ( that 's the way i 'd like to camp !
) .
while `` camping `` he meets a nice girl and he is smitten .
instead of buster going to propose , he sends his butler -- who immediately knows her dad will say `` no `` because he wants a virile , more `` studly `` son-in-law .
so , the butler panics and says that buster is the famous boxer alfred `` battling `` butler !
now , the two men do have the same name and are roughly the same size -- but that 's about the only similarity .
daddy gives his hearty approval and buster is married .
but , when the real butler wins the title , buster has a hard time pretending any longer .
later , the real butler retires and buster takes his place -- going to training camp and working for a title defense !
you 'll have to tune in to see what happens next , as this only takes you through about half the film -- watch it and enjoy .

1
one of the best paced of all keaton films , ` battling butler ' is not uproariously funny but is consistently amusing and entertaining .
being mistaken for an up-and-coming boxer , alfred butler ( keaton ) falls in love and marries on the basis of this mistaken identity .
trying to keep his wife from finding out creates the needed comic situation to allow the humor to emerge .
his leading lady , sally o'neil , sparkles in her supporting role .
snitz edwards , humorous in his own right , is a delight as keaton 's valet .
the final scene is a gem !

1
sybil seely , marceline day , brown eyes : all of buster keaton 's best on-screen partners were female .
all but one .
snitz edwards here plays buster 's faithful valet , a , gentle character whose eagerness to arrange whatever his master wants lands him in trouble .
buster is alfred butler , rich and so passive he lets snitz tap the ash off his cigarette .
while on a camping trip , he meets a girl ( sally o'neil ) who strikes his fancy .
her father and brother disapprove of her going off with a `` jellyfish . ``
snitz to the rescue : he tells them this is the same `` battling butler `` who just won the lightweight boxing crown .
alas , the ruse works too well .
you can argue that snitz plays the title character here as much as buster or francis mcdonald , who plays the boxer butler .
whether laying out a ridiculously ornate table at buster 's camp site or laboring to keep up with his boss during an arduous run through the mud , there 's no give-up in the guy .
`` i 'd like to marry that pretty little mountain girl `` buster says .
`` shall i arrange it ? ``
snitz answers .
buster nods , setting the plot in motion .
like a lot of silent comedies , this is a film of pieces .
the first half , of buster and snitz roughing it in the outdoors , could be a clever short all by itself .
buster 's idea of is to row up to one wading in the water , and then lean out of the boat to point a shotgun at it at point-blank range .
you expect him to fire and roll off from the gun 's kickback , so naturally that 's the one thing that does n't happen .
the transition to the boxing comedy is well done , helped along by snitz , mcdonald , and o'neil , really a cutie with her zooey deschanel eyes .
it 's o'neil 's desperate desire to see her man in the ring duking it out that forces buster and snitz to scramble in the last half-hour or so , coming up with all sorts of ruses .
the comedy wears a bit thin at times with some protracted workout scenes in the boxing ring , yet buster goes a long way to selling them with his amazingly elastic physicality .
buster does n't wear a porkpie in this film , and his pampered lifestyle distances you a bit more than his inexpressiveness usually did , but he has that dogged quality of classic keaton heroes .
he may not be the champion boxer his girl thinks he is , but he 'll not give her up without a fight .
`` i 'm going back and tell her the truth , `` he tells snitz .
`` i 'd rather lose her that way . ``
it 's funny how `` battling butler `` does n't really engage a lot of keaton fans .
perhaps there 's some resentment there because it was a hit for buster right before `` the general `` flopped .
taken on its own merits , `` battling butler `` is a clever and engaging comedy with a likeably different lead role for buster and a surprising double-twist ending , in which buster ( and the audience ) have the wool lifted from their eyes one minute , only for buster to do the same with us the next .
maybe `` battling butler `` is n't as inventive as keaton fans are used to , but it has its share of arresting visuals and a solid mix of varied comedic moments that still connect .
plus it works as a story all the way through .
finally there 's the winning chemistry of buster and snitz , the great stoneface and the great .

1
chase is at his most amiable in this short , which features oliver hardy playing a son of an heiress .
leo mccarey directs with a smooth and deft hand , blending light comedy with touches of slapstick .
this is one of my favorite chase comedies , a comedian far too overlooked .

1
charley chase 's perennial comic formula tended to be to take a embarrassing but fairly basic situation and slowly develop it into a more and more unbearably embarrassing one for his hapless main character over time .
`` be your age `` is slightly different in that instead of going bigger and bigger with the humiliation for charley , it develops it into a number of funny set-pieces , while letting the fact that here charley 's character is established as hopelessly bashful amplify the comedy .
it works ; the situation -- in which charley must raise a large sum of money quickly for his family , and is pressured by his boss into marrying an unappealing rich widow to do it -- is funny in itself , and the situations are seriously augmented by chase 's playing of the `` bashful `` angle of his character seldom works as well as here .
there 's an undercurrent of dark comedy to the reasons for his having to make the money ( the absurdly catastrophic list of things that has happened to his family is actually one of the best gags ) and charley 's obvious disgust at having to marry such an older woman that works well too .
oliver hardy , not far off from fame as a team with stan laurel , is here in a small part as a spoiled man-boy .
he does n't get as much to do as in other charley chase comedies where he provides support , but he does get one very funny seen where he is mistaken behind a bush for his mother the widow .
the finale in which charley improvises a flamenco dancer costume to avoid his prospective fiancã©e is a blast , and charmingly , he ends up getting the girl he wants -- albeit by pure accident .

1
both this original and the wellman remake are marvellous golden age films - it 's difficult to compare silents with talkies , or either to the book .
in the book you use your imagination , this 1926 original had a cast of thousands , '39 was a populist version with identical screenplay , full orchestra and name changes , '66 only had 2 brothers and muzak , whilst if made today would probably have nothing real in it at all .
three english brothers - ronald colman , ralph forbes and neil hamilton - join the french foreign legion to escape one of them being accused of stealing a large diamond .
they find a hard life awaiting them , coming from the hordes of seething arabs but more especially their own intense sergeant ( noah beery ) .
the greasy rat boldini as played by william powell jarred a little , but only because you know how urbane he really was in retrospect , while you can almost hear colman uttering his lines in his own inimitable way .
the acting was believable , the direction appeared faultless and generally production values were .
although i 've seen the '39 film many more times i 'm finding every time i watch this one ( definitely too ) it grows on me more and more , so heartily recommend it as the next best thing to wren 's novel .

1
beau geste begins at the end when a group from the french foreign legion find a post in the desert guarded by dead bodies which soon go up in smoke mysteriously .
flash to the childhood of some of the soldiers .
three little boys and one girl stage a viking funeral while playing war with toy boats .
we see them grow up into fine young men ( ronald colman , neil , and ralph forbes ) and women ( mary brian ) who are as close as can be .
then , crisis when a family jewel is stolen and one of the boys is guilty of the crime .
to avoid shame , they all enlist in the foreign legion , a childhood dream realized .
there , they find that service is filled with tough sergeants ( noah beery ) and criminals ( william powell ) .
none of the characters have quite enough time to become quite endearing as individuals , but the mysteriousness of the opener makes the film enjoyable to watch .
however , audiences are greeted with many familiar and competent actors .
do n't worry though ; the ending is very satisfying .

1
i 'm guessing that if you mention beau geste to film fans the 1939 version with gary cooper , robert preston , and ray milland is the one that comes to mind most readily .
but this version with ronald colman in the title role and ralph forbes and neil hamilton as the other geste brothers is the first , the original , and has a whole lot going for it .
it holds up well even as a silent film for today 's audience .
one of the things i liked about it was some of the dialog on screen attributed to colman 's character .
as ronald colman had one of the great voices in the english speaking world the words he was given fit his heroic english character so well that we came to know when the talkies arrived .
with only minor variations the story from the 1939 version is what you see here so if you 've seen that you know what to expect .
the geste boys are all suspected of stealing a precious family jewel and all enlist in the foreign legion to cover up the disgrace of the one they think might have stolen the gem .
once there the brothers fall afoul of the sadistic sergeant played by perennial villain noah beery .
william powell who was one of ronald colman 's best friends in hollywood plays the sneak informer boldini who learns of the purloined jewel and inflames beery with the tale .
powell who also had impeccable diction was playing mostly villains due to his swarthy complexion .
his career like colman 's was enhanced when talkies came in .
the film is every bit as exciting as when it was first released in 1926 and holds up very well for today 's audiences .
all it lacks are the great speaking voices of colman and powell .

1
in this `` page from the history and lives of the most bloodthirsty pirates who ever infested the southern seas , `` the title cards explain , `` it was the custom of these pirates to subdue their prey , loot the ship , bind their captives , and blow them up . ``
that 's exactly what happens to seafarer douglas fairbanks and his father , as the film begins .
but , you do n't mess with doug .
mr. fairbanks survives the attack , and infiltrates the offending ship ( as `` the black pirate `` ) , vowing revenge , particularly due to the death of his father .
fairbanks also finds romance on ship , with kidnapped princess billie dove ( as isobel ) , whom he saves from gang rape .
colorful entertainment , from fairbanks and company .
notable for the early feature-length color photography , by henry sharp ; and , for fairbanks ' typically robust performance .
mrs. fairbanks ( aka mary pickford ) stands in for the kissing long shot , near the film 's end .
donald crisp and sam de grasse are among the entertaining supporting players .
in hindsight , the use of color probably hampered the production somewhat , as it looks more restrictive than other fairbanks films of the 1920s .
still , it 's a classic .

1
one of douglas fairbanks best known roles is the black pirate in which he 's not so after all , but instead the son of a duke who was treacherously killed by the pirates fairbanks joins and upon whom he plans to wreak vengeance .
along the way doug meets and falls for a genuine princess as well in the person of billie dove .
she too has fallen into their hands , but a quick thinking doug persuades his new companions that they could do far better holding her for a nice ransom .
the black pirate is primarily known for the spectacular stunts that doug was still doing as his fans expected him .
he was 43 when he made the black pirate , but was a man who kept himself in remarkably good shape even at that age .
after the coming of sound , middle age would descend on fairbanks rapidly .
the most famous stunt of all was repeated several times in the film with fairbanks descending down a length of sail by sticking his cutlass in it and going down like an elevator .
errol flynn tried the same thing in against all flags and broke an ankle in the process .
fans might recognize donald crisp who was also directing the film originally as one of the pirates .
the screenplay was written by fairbanks himself under a pseudonym .
some artistic differences got crisp replaced , but still in the film as an actor .
the film holds up remarkably well as do all of douglas fairbanks silent films , the action is infectious and engrossing as is the larger than life personality of douglas fairbanks .

1
i had seen a black and white print of this film sometime back and did n't really like it .
then i saw the restored version on amc and was stunned .
it was beautiful to look at , the color looked great , and this version was longer than the one i had seen before .
so , if you 're going to hunt this down , get the restored print .

1
i agree with most of the previous posters that this is one of lon chaney 's better films .
although i 've always been a chaney fan , many of his pictures are simply repeats of the same plot ( although i never tire of watching them ) , or have chaney almost too caricature-ish .
this movie reminds me of `` tell it to the marines , `` which is another great piece due to the fact that chaney plays a regular , down-to-earth character in a subtle manner that really showcases his talent .
when it comes right down to it , i like chaney better in his lesser-known roles than in his classics .
i also agree that doris lloyd should have had a bigger part , as she could act circles around many of the so-called silent `` greats , `` and proved it by acting in well-known roles until she died .

1
former stage star alice joyce ( as ethel `` buddy `` westcourt ) stays at home while her husband and daughter enjoy a life of cruising , boozing , and romantic entanglements .
when she finally decides to go out on the town , ms. joyce meets playboy conway tearle ( as gerald `` jerry `` naughton ) , who has been seen with joyce 's frequently tipsy daughter clara bow ( as catherine `` kittens `` westcourt ) .
to protect ms. bow 's tenuous honor , joyce makes a date with mr. tearle .
her loneliness is over when joyce unexpectedly falls in love with tearle .
he returns her love , and proposes .
but , husband norman trevor ( as hugh `` hughie `` westcourt ) has called it quits with his latest mistress , and wants his wife back ... what should joyce do ?
her character 's decision puts `` dancing mothers `` ahead of its time .
this was a great role for joyce , who became one of film 's first huge movie actresses in 1912 ( and , she was wildly popular throughout the decade ) .
her restrained style was often heralded by critics , and joyce might have been considered for a `` best actress `` oscar , had they started a couple of years earlier .
joyce 's confrontation with bow , and her final scene , are most memorable .
it helped that joyce was directed by herbert brenon , a favorite director who used her well .
this was a top `` paramount `` production , with veterans dorothy cumming and eleanor lawson , plus young donald keith rounding out what could then be called an `` all-star `` cast .
******** dancing mothers ( ) herbert brenon ~ alice joyce , conway tearle , clara bow , donald keith

1
dancing mothers is a rather dull film except for the vivacious clara bow playing `` kittens . ``
also of interest are the truly ugly sets ( check out the hideous nightclub ) and the great women 's clothes .
clara bow wears some really bizarre outfits as the jazz baby who sets her sights on conway tearle , who plays a `` famed lady killer . ``
tearle is old and dull but was a star in 1926 .
alice joyce is the nominal star .
she was billed as `` the madonna of the screen , `` but shows little vitality here as the mother who decides to `` live . ``
dorothy cumming ( whose named is misspelled as `` cummings `` in the credits ) is good as , and leila hyams , donald keith , norm trevor , and eleanor lawson round out the supporting cast .
worth seeing for the always-good clara bow and for the shocking ending .
the whole film seemingly leads up to the conventional ending , but then takes a different route .
dancing mothers was a big hit in 1926 and helped make bow one of the biggest stars of the last 20s .

1
dancing mothers is definitely a product of its time .
it is the era of the flapper , when morality flew out the window and people were up for having a good time .
alice joyce plays ethel westcourt , a lonely wife and mother whose family abandons her for the fun of nightclubs .
her daughter kittens ( clara bow ) is particularly wild and pays far too much attention to playboy jerry naughton ( conway tearle ) .
ethel decides she 's tired of waiting around the house ; she takes matters into her own hands and goes to the club her daughter frequents .
there , she gets close to jerry , in an attempt to lure him away from her daughter , but her plan backfires when he falls for her but her daughter just wo n't let go .
famous today simply for the presence of effervescent bow , this movie is an entertaining look into the roaring twenties era that she symbolizes .
bow takes up quite a lot of this film , which is exciting , since most of her early appearances are scant at best .
joyce makes a good impression as well ; she is beautiful and a competent actress .
the music score provided by grapevine video is n't bad at all and suits the film nicely .

1
it 's really gratifying to know that the work of charley chase is so much more accessible now than it was just a few years ago .
through the vcr era of the 1980s and '90s the vast majority of his movies never found their way into any decent video release , but the dvd era has been a lot kinder to mr. chase -- and to his fans .
several of charley 's funniest shorts have turned up in image entertainment 's `` lost films of laurel & hardy `` set , and more recently kino has put out two well-produced discs devoted entirely to charley 's own starring comedies made for the hal roach studio during his heyday , the mid-1920s .
dog shy is included on volume 2 of the kino series , and is one of the most enjoyable entries , a pleasant situation comedy that builds in momentum as it goes along , cleverly plotted , briskly paced and full of good gags .
our leading lady ( mildred june ) is being pressured by her parents to marry an `` nobleman . ``
charley , who has fallen in love with her strictly based on the sound of her telephone voice , comes to her aid by posing as her family 's new butler .
while playing this role during a he finds the girl at last ; they quickly hit it off and plan to elope , but meanwhile he must perform some rather unpleasant duties such as bathing madame 's dog , known as the duke .
( it 's already been established that charley is one of those people who has problems with dogs .
) one of the comic high points comes when charley misunderstands his employer 's instructions and believes he must bathe the other duke , i.e . the nobleman who is courting his girl .
while this guy attempts to relate an anecdote to several party guests charley interrupts and pantomimes that he must go upstairs and take a bath ; the nobleman , naturally enough , is alarmed about just what activity charley has in mind .
ultimately , the mix-up is straightened out and charley attempts to bathe the pooch , but gets wetter , if not cleaner , than the dog .
the climax involves several occupants of the house all hatching secret , simultaneous plots which become confusingly entangled , and dashing around the household at midnight in much confusion .
i was reminded of a line from another hal roach comedy made around this time : `` anything might have happened that night -- and it did ! ``
dog shy is a fun two-reeler , and a nice introduction to charley chase for those who have n't had the pleasure of his acquaintance before now .
in closing , i notice that there seems to be some controversy on this page about just what kind of dog is featured here .
the duke was portrayed -- and winningly , too -- by a pooch named buddy who appeared in several roach comedies around this time , including laurel & hardy 's from soup to nuts .
buddy looks to me like a fox terrier mix , but do n't quote me on that .

1
there are only a few of charley bowers ' silent shorts that still exist today .
thankfully , they have been released in a two dvd set that are sure to make you laugh ... or at least say `` how did they do that ? ! ``
.
that 's because bowers was a master of stop-motion and he also made a bunch of cute films involving inventors and their strange rube machines .
in this film , charley is out to tackle one of the most pressing problems of the ages -- how to keep eggs from breaking before the customer gets them home from the market ( i know i have spent countless hours fretting about this ) .
his plan is to make an egg with a rubberized shell so it wo n't crack .
well , when he tries to talk to business men about financing , they think he 's a nut and throw him out -- mostly because charley makes a nuisance of himself and explains it all wrong .
one reviewer complained about this section of the film -- saying it was n't all that funny .
while i 'd agree it 's the low-point , i still did enjoy it .
what was crazy fun , however , was later in the film when he started working on his invention .
to make this crazy machine , he kept stealing anything he might need -- making those around him very irritated .
but , he stole everything so well , they did n't seem to know it was him .
and , when he began trying to test the product , the film sped into insane fun .
i would tell you more about the eggs hatching -- but it would spoil the fun .
instead , just watch and marvel at one of the best stop-motion scenes you 'll ever see .
this was made years before willis o'brien did his amazing stop-motion for king kong ( which have made him a legend in the field ) , but bowers ' stunts are more impressive -- at least in my opinion .
ya got ta see it to believe it ! !
overall , an amazingly bizarre , surreal yet funny film .
not among bowers ' best , but even his second-tier films are terrific !

1
i watched this silent comedy with colleen moore and gorgeous lloyd hughes with my 6 year old daughter and we were rapt with attention all the way through .
this film boasts a touching sweet romance , and many fine and unique comedy moments , such as ella getting her picture taken for a beauty contest and having a fly land on her nose , and lloyd 's character using the missing shoe for measurements to buy her a pair of dress shoes when she goes off to hollywood .
unlike one commentator here however i did n't care for that organ score .
i heard some copyrighted song musical phrases in there that were misplaced too , like a strain from dr. zhivago !
weird .
if you love colleen moore or want to learn more about her this is a film not to be missed .
she was an excellent comedienne , even better than mabel normand .

1
i first heard of this film as a fan of the great film comedian harry langdon because of a guest appearance he makes in one scene of this film .
watching the whole thing , though , i was very glad i got ahold of this comedy vehicle for the silent star colleen moore ; it 's a highly funny , pleasant , and entertaining picture all the way through .
`` ella cinders `` is based on a comic strip ( or , as the main title has it , `` comedy strip `` ) of the same name that started appearing only the year before the film version was made .
having seen only one edition of the strip i ca n't say how closely the movie parallels it , but i can say that while looking very pretty in the picture , colleen moore also manages to look very much like the drawings of her character .
faithful or not , the screen treatment is a very good one -- a clever , witty , and involving update of , obviously , `` cinderella `` and an effective satire of the arbitrary nature of hollywood stardom .
there are just enough diversions from the line of the story to stay funny , but keep the plot going .
and the `` cinderella `` elements can be very amusing when played right for laughs , especially mrs cinders ' complete inability to remember she has another daughter .
colleen moore was the real revelation of the picture for me , though .
if there were nothing else to it she could have carried it on charisma and screen presence alone .
she 's totally likable , earnest , innocent , and bewildered , and there are several great scenes that are only that way because her performance makes them so .
the scene on the train that would otherwise be simply `` a woman smokes a cigar given to her by an indian `` becomes a a bravura performance of her nausea barely masked by a frightened attempt to please the threatening indians .
and a highlight is ella 's earnest but inescapably silly attempts to follow a book 's ( surprisingly accurate !
) advice that great stars are often made by crossing their eyes .
add to the list a hilarious routine with an impatient photographer , a fly , and an ella desperate to have a flattering shot taken for her beauty contest .
it 's a little ironic , actually , that a film that mocks hollywood stardom in such an on-target way ( ella wins the contest because the fly on her nose made her look just right for the comediennes hollywood needs !
) should be so effectively `` made `` by its lead actress ' star quality .
when harry langdon does show up ( as ella wanders into the shooting of one of his films -- he was at the height of his popular at this point and releasing his films through the same studio as released this ) and seems exactly the same offscreen as on , he and moore seem to have great screen chemistry , like kindred innocents trying to help each other escape ... something .
perhaps it 's not substantial enough to be one of the greatest of silent comedies , but i think it would be very difficult if not impossible not to have a great time watching this .
and it makes it very clear why colleen moore was such a sensation .

1
because the plot of this very well-produced silent film is so easily recognizable as `` cinderella `` , it can be one of your most enjoyable introductions to both the silent film genre , and to one of its most popular actresses , colleen moore .
the film was an adaptation of the then popular new comic strip `` ella cinders `` , with changes to the heroine 's situation that were perfectly suited to a silent film starring ms. moore .
the film easily transcends its source , and succeeds as prime example of the often repeated story about a young woman achieving her dream to become a hollywood movie star - itself , a `` cinderella `` story .
who knew comic strips could be perfect silent film fodder ... the hollywood `` movie set `` scenes are n't as clever as in other films of this type , despite the appearance of harry langdon and others , in cameos .
director alfred e. green , lloyd hughes ( as george waite ) , and vera lewis ( as ma cinders ) make good contributions .
interestingly , moore is best on screen , alone , with a lion or fire ; and , when attempting to , `` master the art of expressing every emotion with the eyes , `` imitate jackie coogan , and pose at a `` photo session `` for the movie star contest she eventually wins .
`` ella cinders `` was a huge success , and helped propel colleen moore to the # 1 position on quigley publications ' `` box office stars `` list for 1926 .
******** ella cinders ( ) alfred e. green ~ colleen moore , lloyd hughes , vera lewis

1
of course most viewers will track this one down for the first screen appearance of stage comedienne nonpareil , bea lillie , and lady peel gives an absolutely beautiful performance ( pretty enough to win an english lord , as the actress did in real life , yet able to walk a perfect comedic tight rope between insouciant self-confidence and nagging insecurity ) , but there is even more to recommend this charming backstage comedy than the star performance .
set ( and beautifully observed ) deep into the tour of one of those third tier `` acting `` companies ( heavy on the melodramatic programming and light on competent management ) that lived on `` the road `` and which helped bring about first the rise of powerful central booking agencies and ultimately the formation of actors ' equity , the film seems to say these are a memory of the past even in 1926 ... but what a lovingly recalled memory !
bottom of the pecking order within the company is ( ms. lillie ) , who plays maids and cares for the costumes and longs to play `` vampire `` leads ( we 're talking 20 's vamps , not anne rice territory ) .
she 's even below the man ( last billed featured player franklin pangborn , who 's later lavender camp personality is still not locked in stone here , though his comic and dramatic talents are ) , but when she manages to get a handsome young drifter ( little she knows !
) hired on as the company juvenile , she shows her real acting talents saving him from himself without ever letting him suspect - or suspect that she longs to be more than a friend .
mary pickford 's younger brother , second billed jack pickford , plays the young thespian , jimmy , very nicely in a rare appearance .
though he lacked a certain `` star `` quality , his acting was fine and it 's a pity his career seemed to wither in the face of his personal demons and more famous sibling .
he did n't survive his 30 's .
the print being shown these days on turner classic movies has a nicely varied but occasionally too lush score by contest winner linda martinez , but it serves the quiet moments ( and there are many ) beautifully .
director sam taylor undercuts playwright marc connelly 's story at a number of points ( given scant hours to prepare jimmy for his big tryout , does violet grab a script to get him up on the lines he 's never heard ?
no , they to a neighboring farm yard to rehearse `` cute `` ) , but otherwise the details of on - and back-stage life of the touring company are captured with something close to perfection , and the detail appreciating cinematography and acting from all concerned is a joy from start to finish .
anyone who loves lillie 's later work ( all the way to her mrs. meers in 1967 's modern millie - a mere 41 years later but there are some surprising moments of foreshadowing for that role here !
) should n't miss this one .
it captures their girl at the peak of her powers when she could do more with a raised eyebrow than pages of dialogue .
anyone who loved the early scenes in any of the showboat films that gave them their name or who howled at michael 's hilarious stage farce and fun film , noises off , will also feel right at home with this deft predecessor .

1
greatly enjoyed this great classic 1926 silent film comedy and was amazed at the great performance that beatrice lillie portrayed on the screen as violet .
violet worked as a stage hand for a theatrical company that traveled by railroad all through the small towns of america .
violet would serve meals , clean up , mend clothing , iron and washed the actors and actresses clothes , besides , acting a small role in their play as a maid .
violet meets up with a young man named jimmy marsh ( jack pickford ) who needs a job and she manages to get him into this theatrical group and falls in love with him .
however , jimmy marsh is suspected of stealing money in his home town and has some dark secrets he is hiding from everyone .
there is plenty of comedy performed by franklin pangborn , ( cecil lovelace ) who plays a big sissy and has people laughing in stitches .
jack is the brother to mary pickford who found a career in hollywood , but had a very short life .
great classic silent film .
enjoy

1
some filmmakers just love to go all out on style .
friedrich wilhelm murnau was just such a one .
he loved camera movement , superimpositions , attention-grabbing shot compositions , stylised theatrical acting -- the full works .
now , things like this will absolutely ruin a good drama , but if your subject matter is just as fantastical as your technique you can just about get away with something truly wonderful .
faust , the archetypal german fairytale , provides murnau with the opportunity he requires to indulge his love of trickery and showmanship .
murnau was by now very good at this sort of thing .
eschewing any form of naturalism he stages faust operatically , carefully controlling the rhythm and flow from shot to shot .
the rhythmic touch is present and precise in every single moment , giving extra zip to even little things , such as the young faust 's eyes suddenly snapping open when his image is first glimpsed in a bowl of water .
his images are often exaggerated and painterly , a particularly fine example being when the plague-ridden acrobat collapses dead over the edge of the stage .
and in faust 's world of magic and mystery , the shimmering special effects and expressionistic shadows work , while the rather unconvincing puppetry has a theatrical charm to it that is totally in keeping with the spirit of the whole piece .
just as the direction is operatic , so too run the performances .
master of disguise gã¶sta makes this a faust of grand gestures and stylised movements that are almost musical .
jolly fat man emil jannings is especially good at this form of acting , hamming it up grandly but still keeping up the cheeky comedy persona for which he was best loved .
you can see how much control jannings has over his movements in his first appearance at the crossroads .
he doffs his cap in an extremely smooth motion , in a manner that is very eerie but also rather comical in its unexpectedness .
the exaggerated performing does n't suit everyone however .
leading lady camilla horn alternates between twitching like a startled gazelle and plodding about like a zombie .
generally though the stylised acting works here because it is all a part of the twisted fairytale world in which the story takes place .
as faust shows , style over substance does have its place .
and yet a picture like this , with very little to it apart from pretty pictures and neat effects , is under a lot of pressure to be consistently dazzling and engaging .
unfortunately , faust does start to get a little tedious after the first hour .
an extended comedy sequence between jannings and french comedienne yvette guilbert is particularly disruptive to the overall flow , and only demonstrates that the picture 's humour works better when it occurs in by-the-way fashion amid the action .
admittedly , the whole thing is pulled together for an impressive finale , but by this time the audience has been somewhat tried and the impact is not quite what it could have been .

1
cullen , president of the k & a railroad , is at a loss to stop the robberies occurring on his line , even though he is unaware his secretary , holt , is secretly tipping off the bandits with the shipments .
tom morgan is called on to investigate , even though he needs to disguise himself as an outlaw in order infiltrate 's gang and hear their plans .
when cullen decides to send a shipment of bonds with him on another train , holt tells , who 's going to lead his gang into robbery unless tom 's assistant , a hobo named deluxe harry , can relay the information to him in time .
this is one of the more enjoyable mix silents ( of which there are still way too few ) with a brisk pace , exciting chases , thrilling stunts throughout , and an exciting climax in an underground cave .
a prologue to the film points out the exterior shots being in springs , colorado , and they are very striking adding a lot of beauty to the picture .
i think the film tried to be too mysterious with mix ' characterization and the character of the butler could have been eliminated since deluxe harry fit in well as the comic relief .
rating 8 .

1
hands up !
is a highly enjoyable comedy starring the charming raymond griffith , a neglected comedian from the silent era ; it should be noted , though , that it is not due to lack of brilliance that his name stands as rather forgotten today , but as with names such as max linder ( whom griffith strikingly resembles ) , much of his work has disappeared since their original releases .
happily , hands up !
is among the survivors .
the story takes place at the end of the civil war ; in june of 1864 , president lincoln receives the pleasant word of a mine of gold in nevada which , he figures out , will supply all the gold required to rescue the northern war effort .
he gives his best man orders to bring the gold to him ; meanwhile , a southern soldier named jack ( griffith ) is charged with the very same task by one of his generals , resulting in a series of hilarious ; jack is attacked by indians ; he fools northern officers through a false identity ; and he falls in love with two northern sisters , who are attracted to him as well .
true enough , there are few very highly original gags to be found here , and it may also be argued that much of the material consists of so-called `` run-of-the-mill `` humor , but the key performer and his take such advantage of even the simplest moments -- body language , reactions to the most hopeless situations , etc . -- that the continuity of the comedy remains quite stable throughout .
it must be noted that this is not a silent comedy in the traditional sense ; rather , hands up !
is a film mainly suitable for people well familiar with silent comedy longing for some variation of the genre .
as noted by my , griffith 's acting is remarkably sophisticated , and while the movie offers lots of slapstick , this never interrupts the gentle atmosphere which his character creates .
also , although griffith was not listed neither as writer nor director in the credits of this film , there is little doubt that his contributions in both fields were as significant as anyone 's in the making of hands up !
; before reaching stardom the previous year in paths to paradise , had worked on mack sennett 's lot as a and ( in addition to frequent appearances in front of the camera as well ) , and being known as a man stubborn in his decisions , griffith did undoubtedly take advantage of his skills from the during his few years as a superstar .
as hands up !
was released a brief year before buster keaton 's civil the general , a comparison between the two has been impossible to avoid .
griffith 's take on the subject received far more acclaim than keaton 's when originally released ; however , a silent of today could hardly be blamed if he never heard of raymond griffith , while buster keaton is widely considered the only solid rival to charlie chaplin .
most historians and fans alike agree that the general is the masterpiece of the two films , and although i certainly add my vote to this majority , it must be said that kauffman and 's comment that hands up !
is `` deservedly forgotten `` in their book american film criticism is an exaggeration close to pure ignorance .
sure , the two comedies cover the same war , but they are nothing alike in terms of gags and structure and , most significantly , style .
griffith 's character appears very charming , but he is also sly and ; such a description is as far away from keaton 's shy stone-face as one can get .
both styles are good ; whose style you prefer is a matter of taste .
sadly , the only print of hands up !
available for sale is the dvd from grapevine , which is , frankly , in quite terrible condition and probably not even legal ; all of griffith 's surviving silent features are by paramount and they have shown no interest in releasing any of his films so far .
thus , few are able to compare the general with hands up !
oh well , i do n't really see why anyone should compare the two anyway .
one might prefer the one to the other , but in any case both are excellent comedies ; and you ca n't get wrong with griffith 's face expressions which at times are as fascinating as they are hilarious .
this comedy is highly , highly recommended by me , although i am aware that by saying so , many silent are likely to go nuts , as it is very unlikely that they will find a decent copy of this .

1
as almost all of charles hutchison 's daredevil work in silent films has disappeared , we are most fortunate to have this complete serial at our disposal , so that we too can discover what all the fuss was about .
alas , at this very late stage in his hutch impersonation , the actor was no longer performing all his own stunts .
he does use a drainpipe to climb up the faã§ade of a building , but his clamber up the side of a mountain is obviously camera trickery ; and you do n't have to be particularly keen-eyed to notice that doubles are taking the falls from cliffs , boats and bicycles .
furthermore , although still physically fit , he is obviously no longer the youthful , dashing hurricane hutch of old .
in fact , he looks distinctly middle-aged .
the character 's retirement was not just around the corner but was actually sprung upon his audience less than three months later .
nonetheless , this serial boasts more than its share of chases and spectacular stunts .
the climax of the first chapter is a real stunner and you actually have to see that episode to catch it .
all the other eps reprise the cliffhanger , but for some reason chapter two does n't .
instead it picks up the action from the very point where it finishes .
yes , this is a serial in the classic tradition with a cliffhanger at the end of every episode -- and a thrilling one too , except for chapter four .
well , nine out of ten is not a bad effort at all .
as it happens , hutchison 's direction is far more competent and skillful than his acting .
not only does the action come across with often breathtaking vigor , but he has drawn some excellent performances from his cast , particularly heavy sheldon lewis , heroine edith thornton and lounge lizard eddie phillips .
an added bonus are the serial 's splendid production values , which include some great sets and the superb tinted photography by hollywood 's self-proclaimed master of cameramen , leon shamroy .
this was actually his first film , so we 'll excuse him for not lighting miss thornton as attractively at the beginning of the movie as he does in the middle sections and at the finale .
with time out for tongues of scandal , shamroy went on to photograph hutchison in pirates of the sky ( directed by hutchison under the pseudonym of charles andrews ) , the trunk mystery and hidden aces ( all 1927 ) .

1
one of the greatest works of german expressionism .
in the near future , the world is divided in two : the thinkers , those that do the planning and know nothing about the real functioning of things ; and the workers , who reach objectives , but do not have global understanding and know nothing about planning .
alone they are nothing but together they make a strong ensemble .
this super-production for the time , with scenarios of an entrancing grandeur , metropolis is a pessimistic utopia on the future , that only love can redeem .
it 's a metaphor on the struggle of classes , a renewed vision of the of babel , metropolis is smashing in its scenarios but in the same way , is dramatically emotional and human .
the excellent restored copy i saw , allowed me to see the brilliant cinematography , all the games of light , the dark - bright fluctuations .
i think that the limitations imposed to filmmakers by the nonexistence of sound and color , sharpened its ability to take the maximum from light effects and from the facial expressions of the actors .
seeing metropolis today is not the same of seeing it at that time , because the technique evolved immensely .
but for that time , it was brilliant .
and the movie became a eternal and the android female figure of metropolis , maria , is now a symbol of science fiction cinema .
while some criticize fritz lang , saying that the film is an apology of capitalism and even nazism , he said : `` i was by goebbels ( ... ) to know , for my great surprise , that the minister of the propaganda of the iii reich had been charged by hitler to offer me the direction of all the german cinema .
the fuhrer saw metropolis and said that this was the man who will create cinema .
in that same night i left germany `` .

1
`` what ?
it 's black-and-white ?
from 1927 ?
and german ?
well , i 'll never watch that . ``
such would be the average response from the average person regarding metropolis , fritz lang 's masterwork .
be assured , it is not the average film .
as with most older films , we must first remember that what you see on screen had never been visualized in such a way before .
thus , the sheer thought of such stunning ideas as airborne walkways between buildings , entire cities underground , or even the ability to use tv cameras and `` see `` into other rooms ( tv did n't hit the big time until the 1940s ) , was absolutely incredible .
and it 's shocking that lang 's vision of our modern world would prove so accurate , years hence .
you will recall that are fairly common in large cities , airplanes have become far too prevalent , places like walt disney world actually do have `` workers ' cities `` underground and tv - well , i wo n't go into tv .
and the fact that all of the incredible effects still have the power to awe viewers today , without the use of complex animation or computer graphics , makes the film a treat to watch .
the plot is fairly formulaic by modern standards , though it was stirring stuff for the poor and disadvantaged majority of germany 's inhabitants in 1927 .
young freder fredersen , privileged son of city leader john fredersen , has an epiphany of sorts when he finds out about the subhuman treatment of the underground workers who keep the city of metropolis alive .
disillusioned by his father 's uncaring attitude toward them , freder leaves his comfortable surroundings and decides to live underground .
to his surprise , the young man discovers a small but influential resistance movement led by the beautiful and mysterious maria .
maria turns out to be the central point of the story once properly introduced , embodying obvious references to religion ( as a way to appease the monotony of daily life ) .
but , later on , she also embodies the problem of centralized power when under her ( ?
) control , the workers finally revolt with perhaps an unintended result .
freder , of course , represents the transformation of man into by uprooting himself from a palatial garden of eden ( literally ) and descending into the workings of the massive power plant that keeps metropolis running .
lang 's concept of such a transformation is brilliantly realized in the towering control room where exhausted workmen robotically transfer back and forth along a series of dials and switches , acting only as a `` human `` of sorts in an effort to appease the machine .
another device , the `` `` , forces freder to continually keep up with time as each second must be marked by the pull of a lever .
though implausible in design , the wheel is a visible indication of man 's futile struggle to beat the clock and work harder .
if nothing else , lang managed to promote the cause of the laborer , though the ending ( as well as certain plot points leading to it ) is fairly hard to believe given the apparently hopeless situation of the workers and the chilling indifference of the elite .
metropolis is definitely worthwhile , not just for its groundbreaking technical achievements but also for its ( sadly ) historical impact .
it must be mentioned that this was reported to have been adolf hitler 's favorite film .
and while his own plot to free germany 's workers from oppression perhaps began with a noble goal , hitler 's own maniacal and misguided views on race relations and political conduct proved to be horribly destructive for the world as a whole .
it would be unfair to say that lang 's impressive achievement managed to cause world war ii all on its own , because such a murderous outcome was probably not what the director hoped would result .
like all films , metropolis must be seen with an eye toward the times in which it was created .
it was a fabulous commentary on an society back then , and it remains so - perhaps being even more relevant today .
four stars - a classic , and for good reason .

1
do n't get me wrong .
i do like this film .
i just do n't love it .
i would never argue with its importance ; it 's just that i think that it does n't rank as one of the greatest films ever made .
there are at least a dozen silent feature films that i like more , including , but not limited to , the passion of joan of arc ( carl dreyer , 1928 ) , potemkin ( sergei eisenstein , 1925 ) , sherlock jr. ( buster keaton , 1924 ) , modern times ( charlie chaplin , 1936 ) , safety last ( harold lloyd , 1923 ) , nanook of the north ( robert flaherty , 1922 ) , our hospitality ( keaton , 1923 ) , and city lights ( chaplin , 1931 ) .
the maxim to which i refer is this : `` between the head and hands there must be a heart `` ( or something to that effect ) .
in the film , joh frederson is figuratively the head , grot the hands , and freder the heart .
in the film itself with that image , i would count the film 's metaphoric and symbolic aspects as the head , its technical aspects the hands .
the heart should be the relationship between freder and maria .
unfortunately , that whole piece of the film just does n't work very well .
it comes off as merely mechanical .
what is left is still amazing .
hardly any film has matched its stunning sets .
a few of the set pieces rank as some of the best ever created , for example , moloch devouring the workers , freder working the arms of the clock , the tower of babel story , the transformation of rotwang 's robot , 's erotic dance , and a few others .
however , there are a lot of segments that move as slow as molasses .
there are a lot of scenes where characters stare at each other for so long that it proceeds to become silly .
in fact , it can be generally silly .
a lot of people were laughing at somewhat inappropriate moments at the screening that i attended tonight .
it is very dated , as you probably would expect a silent sci-fi movie to be .
i wonder , though , if this is a german phenomenon .
all silent films are dated up to a point , but a lot are very enjoyable still in a way different than sound films .
the three german ufa silents i 've seen , metropolis , the last man , and nosferatu ( the latter two both directed by the famed f.w . murnau ) all seem more dated than usual to me .
i know all three of those films have a lot of fans , but they all seem stale to me .
tonight i saw the film in a theater with live music - a great experience if you 've never had the chance to do it .
the version was a brand new reconstruction which ran at 157 minutes .
157 ! ? ! ? ! ?
the version that i own is only 120 , and i get kind of bored during it .
fortunately , with the live piano music , as opposed to the usual , torturous which accompanies most versions of the film on video , it was much easier to endure .
although i have n't seen the 120 minute version for about two years , i can speculate as to what was added in this version .
rotwang 's character seemed to be expanded - i had always seen him simply as a mad scientist without any real character .
here , i believe that more of a motive has been supplied .
the worker whom freder substitutes at the work station , worker , has more of a story , though a lot of its elements have been lost and were told through intertitles .
there was also a lot more concerning `` the thin man , `` a spy whom joh frederson orders to follow his son .
there must have been more , but i do n't really feel like watching my vhs tape of it right now .
this was the third silent film i ever saw , the first i ever owned , and my rank has always been 8/10 , regardless of the version .

1
first of all metropolis is at it 's best when you watch it with the right score ( music ) .
stay away from the `` mtv version `` that music is awful and does n't do justice to the movie .
i recommend the newest version on dvd with an attempted recreation of the original score , though that would be next to because in the days of silent films the score was provided in the theater live .
anyways i think that many people have a hard time getting used to black and white films let alone silent ones ( speaking of people in my generation ) , so this movie ca n't be judged harshly or unfairly on those 2 prerequisites .
if you watch metropolis with an open mind you will be blown away .
it 's a science fiction movie that effectively deals with themes of class , politics , and religion .
the sets and design are amazing to me , because the film was made in 1927 and in fact it 's creation almost the studio ( ufa ) which funded it .
the imagery is what lang is a master at and even if you watch the crummy mtv version you have to appreciate the symbolism and at the very least the sets and imagery .
this movie has made a profound influence on blade runner , star wars , the matrix , and many other sci-fi movies that are themselves highly influential .
without metropolis i doubt any of those movies would have come out the way they did .
in fact i think it 's highly suspect if they would have been made at all , especially blade runner or the matrix .
nothing was like metropolis before it 's creation and even years after it 's creation it stands as unique .
i think for it 's style and imagery alone it can be considered one of the most important movies ever .
it 's story is n't the best , but this is a must see for any movie buff .
once you watch it , you may be surprised at how many films actually `` borrow `` from it .
zoopansick

1
beautiful , thoughtful , artful , a rare experience ... these are just some of the words to describe fritz lang 's classic of the silent era ... it 's deals with so much , freedom , equilibrium , science and cultural growth ... so much that is relevant to today .
it 's one of the greatest gestures of cinema of all time ; the vision of the future of metropolis is a vision of now , ( these are all things spielberg was striving for in a.i . artificial intelligence ( 2001 ) ) ... but lang does it so much better , there 's no forced sentimental message in this film , this is poetic picture , a film that will always get better with age ... a classic that more people need to experience .

1
metropolis was a science fiction film made before star wars , star trek , the moon landing , and even before classic staples like flash gordon and dick tracy .
it 's one of the first science fiction films ever made and it marks the beginning of a trend of using the sci-fi genre as a medium for social commentary .
metropolis is set in a futuristic city of the same name as the film .
in this city there is a significant divide between the working and upper class .
the working class labors endlessly underground , keeping the flourishing city above ground running for all the prosperous and wealthy .
these two factions of society see themselves being forced closer when the son of the city 's mastermind falls in love with a prophet like woman of the working class .
this societal unrest leads to chaos and metropolis begins to fall apart .
the film is ripe with socio-political commentary and all takes place in an immaculate setting that absolutely mystifies .
metropolis is a fascinating film to watch , thinking about it in relation to its time period .
the film displays incredibly groundbreaking originality and this film deserves all the credit it gets in setting up the genre of science fiction for the years to come .
it is much like fritz lang 's film he made four years after metropolis called m. m was the first serial killer film ever made and will always be the root of the lengths at which the genre has traveled since .
metropolis does the same for the sci-fi genre .
it is also incredible to see just how much this movie is able to do with what little it is given .
1927 was still the early beginnings of film .
the first annual academy awards would n't be till the following year .
and , obviously , metropolis is a silent film .
and yet with such heavy limits on what it can do , the film accomplishes so much more than a lot of films today .
the film is fueled by a fascinating story and characters , yet visually it is amazing as well .
fritz lang was revolutionary in his direction style and metropolis emphasized this style beautifully .
even in shoddy black and white film , the architecture of this futuristic world is mind boggling and exemplified incredibly by lighting and camera work .
there are some incredible moments in this film where you forget you 're watching something that was made over eighty years ago .
most surprisingly , however , is that this film actually has special effects .
there is one stunning and immaculate scene set in a laboratory where a robot is transformed into the form of a human girl .
the scene is equipped with whirring lights and lightning bolts .
of course it is backed only by an orchestral score , which does suit the entire movie very well , heightening the grandeur and drama .
for 1927 , the visual aspect of metropolis is astounding .
any time you think of timeless classic , metropolis is one of the first films that should come to mind .
who knows where the science fiction genre would be , or if it would be at all , today if not for this film .
whether you enjoy the film itself or not , you ca n't deny that it 's influence will always be one of the most important and significant in cinema history .

1
how weird is to watch and analyze now a movie that was made 80 years ago .
i think the best way to describe it is a movie that proves arts evolve to evoke the same feelings about the same problems .
people have n't evolved since 100 or 1000 or 10000 years ago , they just evolved new special effects .
metropolis shows a world separated in two great social classes : the thinkers and the workers .
of course , the thinkers do n't think nearly as much as they should while the workers do some thinking from time to time .
this leads to a conflict in the end of the movie that ends making the point of the movie : you need to guide your actions with responsibility , not only thought or brawn .
a powerful idea not only then , when capitalism was showing its ugly side to the world , but also now and in any human epoch .
the film looks stunning for that era .
metropolis itself looks like the grandfather of the total recall 2070 , blade runner and batman cities .
the aerial vehicles that move people look like very old the fifth element or star wars air cars .
the script has the corporate villain , the idealistic youth , the mad scientist , all elements copied in movies again and again since then on .
i do n't think it was particularly entertaining .
it is so old ( and being black and white and with no sound makes it really hard to watch ) that it does n't really appeal to you the way modern films do .
but if you are a movie buff , one that needs to know where it all started from , you just have to see metropolis , the granddaddy of all cinematography now .

1
the story of metropolis is set in the year 2026 in a massive city named ... well metropolis , the rich live on high in their skyscrapers and the poor do all of the work underground in poor conditions .
when a man named freder discovers the bad conditions the poor are going through whilst falling in love with a profit named maria who predicts the coming of a saviour who will bring equality to the city which has now become a dystopia .
behind the scenes there is a conspiracy going on about the construction of a robot who will put a stop to maria 's prophecy and in the long term take over all over the workforce underground .
the story is perfect and inspirational with a great performance from brigitte helm who basically steals the spotlight as both maria and the robot , gustav frã¶hlich also steals the show as well as his performance as freder is great as well .
the supporting characters are great as well but they kinda bite the dust as gustav frã¶hlich and brigitte helm steal the show .
although the story is perfect , i found it underwhelming and predictable as you could see all of the plot-points coming from a mile away .
even though the film is almost 90 years old , it still stands the test of time with some great set design and cityscapes , the robot design is particularly impressive .
its immortality with the films overall design has lead to other sci-fi and superhero classics taking notes from this silent movie such as c-3po in star wars taking inspiration from the robot and the city metropolis in superman taking the actual name from the movie .
this movie has left its mark in time and has even become more powerful than when it came out in 1927 .
this silent sci-fi classic has survived almost 90 years so why not let it survive another 90 years .
the director fritz lang has created a movie that will possible last forever .

1
i recognize the jumbo epic quality of fritz lang 's movie .
it 's full of social comment , action , drama , and thoroughly gripping .
it 's a little like h. g. wells ' `` the time machine `` , only without the time traveler and more of a simulacrum of certain dystopias that , as i write , we 're constantly being warned of .
artistically , cripes , there is a single high-angle shot of maria struggling to activate the flood alarm in order to save the workers from drowning .
a hundred children in rags come running out of nooks and crannies and surround maria 's pedestal with their arms outstretched , begging for salvation .
it out-does all of busby berkely 's unfolding and kaleidoscopic flower petals put together .
the first time i saw it -- in its abbreviated form , i guess -- was in a college auditorium a generation or two ago .
it gave me a rush .
i 've just finished watching it on turner movie classics in its longer , restored form and kept nodding off .
i 'm trying to figure out why i hard such a hard time keeping awake .
i mean , is it the movie or my brain .
i think it 's what 's called a `` dysfunction . ``
you know , if you sit down at a keyboard and it 's too high for you to reach comfortably , it 's not your fault .
neither is it the keyboard 's fault .
the two things just do n't match up .
the new version of the silent film is almost three hours long and , though the film contains as much drama as before , it takes a certain amount of mental stamina to watch a three-hour movie , especially with subtitles .
i do n't mind subtitles .
it 's just that if you leave the room or even look away from the screen for a minute you 're liable to lose some important information about the plot or characters .
there is no audio to cue you in when something is happening or being said .
the musical score , by the way , is splendid .
it shares the film 's epicness .
and i do n't know if gustav frohlich is handsome or not , though he has a great name .
( i 'd like to see gustav frohlich pitted mano a mano against max schreck .
) but brigitte helm is attractive in a 1920s way , and there are a couple of scenes involving `` the false maria `` that are rather sexy .
it 's impossible to predict how someone else might respond to `` metropolis . ``
it would all depend on a complex of variables involving the viewer 's state and the circumstances , but none of them would suggest that the film is anything other than thoughtful and well executed .
it 's a monumental picture indeed .
yet i kept falling asleep and wonder if the modern brain is n't more attuned to short silent movies rather than long ones .

1
fritz lang 's metropolis is the first true masterpiece of science fiction in film .
you can see it 's influence in films such as star wars , the matrix , dr. strangelove or : how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb , blade runner , and countless others .
despite the fact that parts of the film are no longer available , the efforts to reconstruct the original film from its remains are valiant enough to provide enough to make the story clear .
the special effects were far ahead of their time and the set designs were , in some cases , phenomenal .
i can see where some people may not enjoy this movie .
it is hard for some to really appreciate a movie that is 77 years old , because a lot has happened in film since then .
yet , if you look at the basic elements of this movie - its story , characters , artwork , cinematography , etc . , i believe this movie has just as much to offer now as it must have in the late 1920 's .
also , take into consideration the of german expressionist film when viewing this .
the performances and set designs are going to be over the top .
that was part of the style .
metropolis may not be for everyone , but , for those willing to read between the lines , this film still has a lot to offer !

1
fritz lang 's groundbreaking landmark remains one of the biggest mysteries in the world of cinema .
how can a movie that 'll soon turn 80 years old still look so disturbingly futuristic ? ?
the screenplay by thea von harbou is still very haunting and courageously assails social issues that are of all ages .
the world has been divided into two main categories : thinkers & workers !
if you belong to the first category , you can lead a life of luxury above ground but if you 're a worker , your life is n't worth a penny , and you 're doomed to perilous labor underground .
the further expansions and intrigues in the screenplay are too astonishing to spoil , so i strongly advise that you check out the film yourself .
it 's essential viewing , anyway !
`` metropolis `` is a very demanding and definitely not always entertaining .
but , as it is often the case with classics , the respect and admiration you 'll develop during watching it will widely excel the .
fritz ' brutal visual style still looks innovative and few directors since were able to re-create a similarly nightmarish composition of horizontal and vertical lines .
many supposedly ` restored ' versions have been released over the years ( in 1984 and 2002 , for example ) but the is still the finest in my opinion , even though that one already is n't as detailed and punctual as lang intended it .
`` metropolis `` perhaps is the most important and influential movie ever made .
`` 2001 : a space odyssey `` , `` star wars `` and `` blade runner `` owe their existence ( or at least their power ) to it .

1
metropolis was a movie in the silent era , also in the era of german expressionism where during the period of recovery following world war i , the german film industry was booming .
however , because of the hard economic times , filmmakers found it difficult to create movies that could compare with the lush , extravagant features coming from hollywood .
so keep in mind while viewing this film that it was placed in the german expressionism period .
in metropolis it is placed in a futuristic city , in this futuristic city many people put in hard working hours to keep the machines working , so that there city does n't fall apart or cause mayhem .
the story takes place following the son of john frederson who is the master of metropolis , the son wants to find a woman he met and express his love to her , but his father will not allow him .
throughout this movie , the son switches place with a worker and endures the hard working conditions that a lot of the employees ca n't even handle .
later in metropolis , you find out that the evil doctor has created a robot that can transform into the sons love , and this robot pretends to be the woman whom everyone looks up to .
towards the end of the movie the robot causes a riot by shutting down the machines in order to stop the factory from working , once the citizens succeed little did they know that by doing so the kids they left at home would be in grave danger of being flooded out .
luckily the true lady and john 's son save all the children and the citizens get the robot and destroy her .
this film is an excellent sci-fi putting in many never before seen special effects , and even today watching this makes you feel like you are a part of that futuristic life .

1
metropolis has just been re-released in a brand new expanded version that includes material just re-discovered in 2008 .
the new material has been edited into the film and constitutes many new shots and sections , ranging from the very brief to whole new plot strands .
this new material is unsurprisingly not in the greatest condition seeing as its been sitting around in a can for eighty years , so it 's entirely obvious where it 's been added to the final film .
it 's grainy and old looking , unlike the rest of the film which frankly looks pristine .
however , this new material is an excellent find and a fine addition to the final movie and really adds to the film hugely .
seeing the film again on the big screen is always nice .
metropolis remains a towering cinematic achievement .
it stands alone in the silent era , as there really is n't anything else like it .
it would be another forty years before the science fiction genre had another film of anything like the same scale and ambition ( 2001 : a space odyssey ) .
the sheer imagination and artistry are what set it apart and give it its classic status .
it 's not a movie without faults - it does flag at times due to its long running time -- but its vision can not be denied .
from the imaginative model work , the enormous sets , the hundreds of extras , the iconic female android , the delirious dream sequence and the epic destruction scenes at the finale .
metropolis is full of quite incredible moments .
it also has a social message of sorts , in it 's asking for understanding between the worker class and the rulers of a society .
some of my favourite scenes involve the evil maria android leading the denizens of metropolis astray .
of the new material , my favourite addition is the thin man , a devilish character who wears a black panama hat and leather gloves -- he can best be described as an evil man from del monte -- he 's such a great addition to the new expanded version .
metropolis is not always an entertaining watch and some viewers may very well find it a drag .
this is perhaps inevitable in a silent film of this length .
however , if you are an intrepid cinema-goer then it is well worth your time seeing this fritz lang classic .
it truly is a monumentally important film .

1
while this is not my favorite silent film , it definitely rates in my top ten silents .
i enjoyed chaplin 's futuristic vision in modern times much better , but lang created a marvelous tale of what he felt the future ( and our present , more or less ) might be like .
i saw this film at our neighborhood garland theatre last night .
the print was advertised as the longest version yet to be restored and i wished i had seen more of the scenes that were hinted at by the titles , but sadly missing from the screening .
the score was provided by a musical duo called , which is touring the country accompanying the showing of metropolis in other cities ( you can access their work by going to .
) the music , though a bit loud for my taste , was very good at adding a futuristic techno beat to enhance the enjoyment of the movie .
i heartily recommend this showing if it becomes available in your area .
i commend the garland for the screening of this and all older films .
i enjoy the availability of watching old movies on venues like the turner classic movie network and of having them being sold in the dvd and vhs format for seeing at home .
but there 's nothing like the thrill of seeing a film on a large , screen , surrounded by an appreciable audience , as the producers intended them to be shown .
i look forward to seeing more oldies but goodies in the future and i urge you to take advantage of the same opportunities when they arise .
dale roloff

1
`` metropolis `` is fritz lang 's early entry into the science-fiction genre .
for me the premise recalls h.g . wells ' novel `` the time machine `` , where the division between managers and laborers has become so strong that the laborers are sent to live underground .
the dystopian city setting is a forerunner to similar settings in films such as `` blade runner `` ( 1982 ) .
the visuals are certainly impressive and an amazing achievement for a 1927 film .
the actors wear far too much makeup and the acting is especially blunt at points , but overall the performances are decent and the characterizations interesting .
particularly of note is brigitte helm in her dual role as maria and the `` robot `` .
she is a convincing advocate for peace and it was effective how she used facial expressions to make the distinction between her two characters .
the distinctions between managers and laborers are well-developed .
depictions of downtrodden workers marching in unison were becoming to show the sharp distinctions between the classes of metropolis .
in the first half of the movie the story and characterizations are well-developed and interesting , but the second half was not as consistent .
the latter half has a solid story and notable scenes , but a number of the scenes linger too long , such as the catacomb chase .
many write that restoring more footage to this film would make it better , but for me judicious editing in the later portions of the film would be more beneficial .
none the less , `` metropolis `` is a notable early entry into the science-fiction film genre .

1
at this time of the new millennium it is a miracle that even today some lost silent footage from the last century can turn up , emerging from the darkness and allowing a new generation of silent fans to take a look again at those old and forgotten images .
miracle of miracles , some of that rediscovered silent footage belongs to one of the icons of the film history , herr fritz lang 's `` metropolis `` ( 1927 ) `` metropolis `` is one of those few silent films well-known to everybody in these modern days , from aristocrats to commoners , so it is not necessary to say too much about the story of the film , a fascinating futuristic picture that in the background has elements of social criticism influenced by the troubled old weimar days , a film that through the times suffered many mutilations and revisions , from abridged versions to even a modern pop music version .
in 2008 a 16 mm .
negative was found in buenos aires so finally there was the chance for silent fans , 80 years later after its premiere ( obviously this herr graff attended the original premiere in berlin ... ) to watch a version of `` metropolis `` very close to its original condition thanks to an additional thirty minutes .
the film was recently restored by the `` murnau foundation `` and was screened at the `` berlinale `` film festival where elegant teutonic people enjoyed the restoration in a warm theatre while interested commoners watched the film at the brandenburg gate on a freezing night .
ah , the social class struggle continues even after 80 years , just as it happens in the film .
`` continuity `` is the best word to sum up what this new `` metropolis `` restoration brings to the story .
now the pace of the film becomes more rapid , especially at the thrilling climax .
some narrative gaps , admittedly not very important ones , are filled ; we see more of the character of the thin man ( herr fritz rasp ) herr joh fredersen 's spy and there are also interesting scenes of the vice at `` yoshiwara `` district .
certainly `` metropolis `` has been enjoyed by generations of silent film admirers who appreciated its futuristic setting , the incredible decors , special effects and technique , the different performers acting and overacting , and the social dimension of the story .
in spite of suffering many mutilations through the years , the power of the film was undiminished , as one would expect of a masterpiece .
it even survived the pop adaptation done by the longhaired generation ; this was a dubious approach to a silent but effective as a way of getting youngsters acquainted with this great film .
finally though , after all these years , the film can be seen at its best , much like the way herr graf remembers it at the premiere at the am zoo cinema in berlin .
we can appreciate the film fully now , not to mention that we are finally living now in the early xxi century , the time `` metropolis `` is set in !
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must decide who he should invite for tea , maria or the robot .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com

1
out of admiration and reverence , fritz lang 's metropolis has seized me with its utterly `` `` scale of a dystopian world ( weighing against its time ) , the avant-garde structural grandeur and a stiflingly rigid and consistently overpowering score .
what i watched is a 119 min dvd edition out around 2002 , surely this revamped version has maximized the completeness of this allegorical chef d'oeuvre , the overt omissions of certain parts have inevitably and massively stunted the narrative arc .
it 's a gnawing wrestle between my conscience and my criterion on films to finalize the rating as 8 out of 10 , but honestly if there will be a complete version , minimally a 9 out of 10 is without any dispute .
personally cinema 's silent era is my achilles ' heel , my lack of experience has inflicted ill at ease on me while adjusting myself with the puppet-like performances ( excluded the marching of the mass of workers , which is a masterly gambit ) and the over-dramatic formalism ( i 'm much more of a methodology cinephile ) .
among the cast , a fearless bridgitte helm shines while strenuously emanating her bent through the grappling between good and evil .
also its heavy-handed political metaphor is too blatant , for example , with the over - elaborated of the workers , it might suits the ideological reality at that time , but weirdly enough , it may also prompt some irksome and fall into a set-up as propaganda clichã© ( the bluff is tiresome , why woman should always be the avatar of all the moral frailties ?
) .
so if one must select its most striking merits ( historically speaking ) , my personal pick is the ingenious futuristic design , which miraculously has not been sullied at all by the merciless time passing by , it is still daunting and awe-inspiring to picture how lang and his team could accomplish their work then without the assistance of cgi technology .
in the sci-fi genre , metropolis is a bona file trail blazer and keeps being the inspiration of many of its posterity almost one century later .

1
prior to the great train robbery , all early silent movies did were show things like horses running , people dancing and kissing , even sneezing .
the great train robbery was the first movie to tell an actual story , thus explaining and justifying its place in american film history .
a railroad clerk is accosted by a gang of bandits who tie him up to prevent him from sending a telegraph .
the thieves then board the train , kill the stoker and throws the body from the train ( there is an edit cut that shows a dummy being substituted for the actor that is pretty fluid for its time ) .
admittedly , when some of the people are shot , their histrionics are over the top as they die .
but you 'd have take into consideration that acting on camera was something new in 1903 .
also , a lot of things that have become western clichã©s were introduced here : the over the bandits ' faces ; the tenderfoot being made to `` dance `` by having guns fired at his feet ; the gathering of the posse and `` head 'em off at the pass `` chases .
this is the movie that also contains one of my all-time favorite movie images : the cowboy pointing his pistol at the camera and firing it .
there were stories that when this movie `` premiered `` , audiences ducked in terror at that moment .
who knows ?
without this movie , there may never have been a john wayne , clint eastwood or `` gunsmoke `` .

1
the great train robbery is one of the first `` modern `` movies because there is a definite plot as well as scenery , a coherent story and suspense .
while this is also true of the even better french film , le voyage dans la lune that was shot a year earlier ( 1902 ) , other than that , `` movies `` were almost exclusively plot less ( they just turned on the camera and recorded mundane activities ) , or had no beginning , middle and end -- they were just snippets of action .
at a whopping ten plus minutes , this movie was significantly longer than the average film as well ( which often lasted less than one minute ) .
on the plus side , it was and is still pretty watchable , with decent indoor sets and outdoor scenes , lots of action and some inventive camera-work .
on the negative side , some of the action scenes were really , really lame -- even for 1903 !
for instance , when the two men are fighting on the train , it 's very obvious that the man is switched with a dummy and the dummy is tossed over the side -- it really could have been done a lot better .
but , because it is such an early attempt , i can forgive this !

1
here is the famous film so beloved of film freaks and homaged by directors .
the earliest work in narrative is also one of the most dazzling early works .
it 's violent , high-paced , and colorful .
yet what makes it really worth the the bother to find is its creativity , at least at the time .
so far , all the narrative techniques had not yet been developed , such as close-ups and the like .
this film had to tell a whole story using what little experience it had , so it does it well .
firstly , double-exposures helped replace the standard and also were used as special effects .
secondly , most of the action is contained to relatively small environments , so the filmmakers used a lot of depth in the frame to widen it and make it seem more real .
thirdly , color was used .
it 's also the film that has the famous image of the cowboy shooting at the screen , even if that image is largely useless by today 's need for narrative arch .
it was meant to dazzle , not to make sense .
the fact that it can still dazzle today is what helps people understand its quality .
-- polarisdib

1
in 1895 , `` the arrival of a train at la ciotat `` , one of the early lumiere films , left an indelible impact on the minds of the first movie goers who wondered what was this ` cinematograph ' thing all about .
although it 's very unlikely that they screamed or ran away from the screen , there 's no doubt that the sight of a train pulled by a steam locomotive , coming at full-speed , much more in their direction , must have been quite an unforgettable experience .
and yet , that was only the beginning and i wonder what were people 's reactions , eight years later , when a menacing-looking outlaw fired point blank towards the camera .
did they have the reflex to duck ?
did they scream ?
or did they realize they were the privileged witnesses of the genesis of cinema as the most defining art of the twentieth century ?
i 'm naturally referring to the last iconic shot of `` the great train robbery `` , if not the first western movie ever made , the one that gained the first spot in historical posterity and would have certainly sunk into oblivion if it were n't for this last-second masterstroke .
like the title says , the film reconstructs the robbery of a train through a meticulous editing made of heart-pounding crosscutting and many creative uses of colors .
in ten minutes , the bandits force a railroad telegraph to stop the train at a water tank , they kill a messenger , open a box of valuables with dynamite , disconnect the locomotive , pull the passengers off the train , steal them , kill one who tries to escape , then escape in the locomotive and stop at a valley when they get their horses back .
finally , the telegraph 's daughter awakens him , a posse is formed and the villains are killed after a bloody gunfight .
it 's only a film of ten minutes but these ten minutes shook the world of cinema like the '10 days that shook the world ' during the bolshevik revolution .
well , in other words , `` the great train robbery `` is pure celluloid revolution .
indeed , the level of perfectionism involved in the recreation of the train robbery , with the maximum historical accuracy is n't much saying since 1903 was n't that far from the real-life western era , and watching the film is like turning yellowed dusty pages of a historical book .
to give you an idea , even the wild bunch or john mccabe could have watched the film .
but there is something so remarkably modern in its visual effects and so technically impeccable in its approach to action , to the recreation of the perfect widescreen shorts , the right angles , to every single movements from the protagonists , that it clearly shows the director edwin s. porter was a former cameraman from edison studios , he had an ` eye for action ' , and demonstrated that a director was more than a man to shout `` action `` but one to direct it like a dancer with a choreography .
and beyond the technical experiments , porter understood the importance of leaving a final impact on viewers and the fact that the last shot of justus d. barnes shooting at the audience does n't hold any connection with the previous scenes , and can only be interpreted as a free artistic license , shows that `` the great train robbery `` was n't just thought a sort of documentary-like recreation , or an action movie but also as a piece of art , which by the standards of that era , can be easily labeled as a masterpiece , it 's fresh , modern and so ... bad-ass .
`` the great train robbery `` sealed the fate of cinema as one of the most major forms of popular entertainments .
the few the film features planted the seeds of all the great realizations to come .
indeed , you have them all in `` robbery `` : `` the birth of a nation `` for the suspenseful crosscutting , hence leading us to hitchcock .
in content , the film is the ancestor of `` butch cassidy and the sundance kid `` or as a matter of fact , any caper or heist movie relating a criminal plot methodically constructed like `` bob le flambeur `` or `` reservoir dogs `` .
and naturally , you have joe pesci shooting at the end of `` goodfellas `` , or the gun barrel sequence in any james bond movies , even a bit of `` schindler 's list `` is present through the iconic little girl in red .
by the way , if porter was the first to taint some aspects of the film such as the explosions or women 's dress , i wonder if he tried to imply a dichotomy between lust and violence , well is n't that the whole purpose of movie-making summarized in the `` kiss kiss bang bang `` axiom ?
see , all the cinematic ways lead to `` robbery `` .
of course , not everyone would be overwhelmed by the film , or share the same reaction than its contemporary viewers .
some might even laugh at the sight of people reaching their arms and twirling around when they 're shot , but this is so futile compared to the film 's contribution to cinema .
every movie owes something to `` the great train robbery `` if only the fact that the film established the superiority of cinema as an art form meant to entertain people , to tell a story with an suspenseful set-up , a thrilling action and a powerful ending .
even `` the arrival of a train at la ciotat `` had the same basic ingredients a static shot working as a set-up , a surprising twist and the climactic moment where the train reaches lower edge of the screen , but it was not fiction , therefore creation .
and the content of `` the great train robbery `` is filmmaking in microcosm , focusing on its core , which is action , translated in greek by the word ` drama ' .
see , you have the core of film - making concentrated on this simple film and to judge `` the great train robbery `` is to comprehend its historical and artistic importance , immortalized by the iconic ` shot ' of barnes shooting at us , the new visage of cinema .

1
you 've just got to see the films of mã©liã¨s , as they are the cleverest and best made films of his era -- period .
unlike the relatively plot less , and pointless films of edison and lumiere , mã©liã¨s ' films were pure genius and inspired -- with a strong dose of fantasy .
his le voyage dans le lune is a landmark film due to its amazing special effects , camera tricks and watchability .
this film carries on in this same tradition -- with the absolutely wildest and strangest trickery i 've seen from the era .
the film begins with a conductor explaining to his musicians how to write music .
so , the conductor begins throwing notes up into the air where they magically stick .
and , the notes ? !
yep , they are his head -- he pulls off his head and throws it upwards -- and a new one appears in its place !
you just got ta see it to believe it !
if you want to see this film online , go to google and type in `` mã©liã¨s `` and then click the video button for a long list of his films that are viewable without special software .

1
`` swords and hearts `` is the last and the best of the seven civil war shorts griffith directed over a three-year period .
this group nicely illustrates his tracking along a very steep learning curve as he becomes ever more technically and creatively proficient with the new art form of film-making .
`` swords and hearts `` is billed as a wartime story in old virginia and entertainingly alternates between domestic and battle sequences .
the chapter captions pretty much tell the story : 1 .
hugh frazier ( wilfred lucas ) son of a wealthy tobacco planter 2 .
his lambert ( claire mcdowell ) beautiful but calculating 3 .
jennie baker ( dorothy west ) and her father ( francis j. grandon ) of the `` poor white class `` 4 .
promise me you will be mine 5 .
to join his company in the confederate army 6 .
we shall marry when you return 7 .
months later , unknown to hugh , jennie 's chance to prove her love 8 .
to steal a visit with irene 9 .
old ben ( william j. butler ) anticipates the bushwhackers ' attack 10 .
defeated in war , rejected in love 11 .
hugh realizes her loyalty and worth .
the story incorporates griffith 's favorite themes , the superior virtues of the poor white class and the loyalty of good negro slaves to their masters .
it is quite ambitious as at times griffith cross-cuts between three different events occurring simultaneously .
unfortunately the use of white actors in black-face in several scenes is disconcerting .
dorothy west was arguably the most contemporary looking and natural of all the silent film stars .
consequently her films from have held up better even than stuff made years later at the end of the silent film era .
west combines the seemingly contradictory qualities of adolescent femininity that fascinated griffith ; a virginal and a plucky practicality .
in the film 's best action sequence jennie demonstrates her practicality by taking hugh 's uniform and horse , then leading the yankee cavalry away from her love ( during his liaison with irene ) .
an accomplished rider , west does her own stunts and even shoots a yankee from horseback .
then again , what do i know ?
i 'm only a child .

1
excellent early film , expertly featuring `` legendary `` director d.w. griffith and `` legendary ' actress mary pickford before they became `` legendary `` .
when ms. pickford 's mother dies , she is despondent .
her mother ( kate bruce ) did n't have much , but managed to leave pickford enough money to buy some `` finery `` ; the money is bequeathed to the local pastor ( lionel barrymore ) .
when pickford admires `` the new york hat `` in a downtown shop window , minister barrymore decides to buy it for her -- which ignites gossipers ; they link mary and the minister in a `` romantic `` scandal .
watch pickford act before , with , and after `` the new york hat `` .
her performance is great ; she plays her part as a young woman , not a little girl , simply and effectively .
her emotions are extraordinarily well-conveyed , for g.w . bitzer 's camera , under griffith 's direction .
a charmer .
********* the new york hat ( ) d.w. griffith ~ mary pickford , lionel barrymore , charles hill mailes , kate bruce

1
this film , directed by benjamin christensen is regarded by many who have seen it as one of the greatest directorial debuts in cinema history .
the museum of modern art in new york houses a print of the film , without subtitles which makes it hard to follow at times , and not even a title or credits sequence , if the film ever had one .
two years ago , moma had a wonderful tribute to christensen in which they screened all of his surviving films .
this one is one of his two or three most important and one has to keep reminding his or herself that this is his first film at a time when motion pictures were not even twenty years old !
christensen is credited with being the first filmmaker to consciously shoot into direct light , creating silhouettes and magnificent compositions .
he does n't waste any time in this film , dazzling the audience with ( at the time ) very complicated lighting set-ups involving sunsets and characters lighting up a lamp in a rooms of darkness .
indeed this film was made two years before `` birth of a nation `` and artistically is just as good as that film and in some ways better .
it would be hard to assess if christensen was the first to achieve the great things he accomplished since so much early cinema is lost , but there is no doubt that he had a mastery of lighting and composition , and for such an early filmmaker it is truly astounding .
very few of his films are available to the public , but the few that are ( mockery , seven footprints to satan , and witchcraft through the ages ) are all cinematically interesting and at times downright fascinating .

1
judith of bethulia is , depending on your definition , griffith 's earliest full-length feature , or his longest short .
while nowhere near as mammoth in length as birth of a nation , in scope and ambition it is a leap forward from two-reelers like the battle of elderbrush gulch .
in any case , it was certainly griffith 's first genuine attempt at making a feature , and only really suffered from by the biograph bosses .
the care griffith takes in establishing character was nothing new , and neither were the techniques he uses for staging the battle sequences .
what stands out here though is how constant the quality level is .
while the whole is clearly lacking some development - the romantic angle between mae marsh and bobby appears to have been a casualty of biograph 's cutbacks - what does remain is consistently of a high standard .
there are no wrong notes , no awful performances and no misjudged cuts .
in this respect judith of bethulia differs from many of the better known griffith features , which whilst appearing fully rounded and complete , were often peppered with weak moments .
nevertheless , griffith has clearly put a lot of thought into the structure of judith of bethulia .
the film is filled with counterpoint and contrast , and it is in fact this which gives it the nature of a feature and not a short .
the majority of biograph shorts dealt with one form of business at a time - frenzied action , emotional turmoil , loving harmony and so forth - and any attempts to mix and match these tended to be a bit of a mess .
in judith of bethulia griffith pulls off just such a blending .
for example , when judith is wrestling with her conscience over whether she can murder holofernes , griffith intercuts the soldiers ' dash to recapture the well .
the ensuing battle scenes would seem to be at odds with judith 's agonising , yet by now the audience has bought into her situation and the counterpoint works .
another example occurs in the middle of the film , where griffith cuts back and forth between judith 's decision to go forth into the enemy camp , and holofernes executing a cowardly soldier .
why intercut between these two seemingly unrelated scenes ?
because they are the defining moments of character exposition for both - judith 's spiritual awakening , and holofernes at his most barbaric .
in relation to the above , there is also a lot of contrasting of piety and purity with assyrian debauchery .
this kind of religious moralism is rare in griffith 's work , although as anyone who has seen more than a few of his films will know he was happy to wear almost any political or philosophical hat so long as it suited the story .
griffith casts what were , at the time , all his favourite leads , hence the generally strong performances throughout .
the historical setting allows for a little more and theatricality than would be acceptable in a contemporary drama , which means things even out nicely given the generally naturalistic but occasionally over the top acting styles of the late biographs .
it 's interesting to see lillian gish cast in a supporting role as `` the young mother `` .
to date her best and most prominent performance had been in the mothering heart , and she also played the token mother of the token baby in the battle of elderbrush gulch .
later , when she was griffith 's primary female lead she would play the purely symbolic mother figure , eternally rocking the cradle in intolerance .
although she never had a child in real life , with her tender features griffith had clearly singled her out as the archetypal mother , specifically of babies .
judith of bethulia was inevitably overshadowed by the three-hour extravaganza that was birth of a nation .
now that birth has been denounced as racist nonsense , film buff favourites intolerance and broken blossoms are now most often cited as griffith 's ones to watch .
it 's really about time judith of bethulia was given recognition as griffith 's true feature debut , and the crowning achievement of his days at biograph .

1
the first feature-length film from dw griffith , judith of bethulia tells the story of a young widow who saves her city ( bethulia ) from the assyrians by an act of treachery .
it 's a warm-up for griffith 's masterpiece , intolerance , a few years later but still has merit of its own despite hammy acting and lackluster sets .
blanche sweet ( then 18 ) stars as judith and is very pretty but the acting style ( it is 1914 after all ) is still crude with waving arms and long dramatic poses .
henry b. walthall is the head of the assyrian army , mae marsh and robert harron play the young lovers , lillian gish is a young mother , dorothy gish is a young cripple , kate bruce is the loyal maid , harry carey is the traitor .
the extras ( in heavy makeup ) include lionel barrymore , antonio moreno , elmo lincoln , mary gish ( mother of the stars ) , and someone named j. who is quite excellent as the head eunuch .
certainly worth a look but this seems very amateurish compared to what was coming .
the film is also famous for going well over budget and getting griffith fired from biograph studio .

1
in the masquerader , chaplin sort of breaks the fourth wall , in that he appears in the film as himself , sort of , and then changes into the costume of the tramp a few minutes into the movie .
similar to his work in film johnnie , caplin creates mayhem on set during shooting and promptly gets himself fired .
just before he leaves , he throws his suitcase at his boss and some hilarious mayhem ensues .
the next day , charlie returns dressed as a woman named senorita ( `` ... a fairy floated into the studio ... `` ) .
he is disturbingly convincing as a female , and of course all of the men at the studio come forward with aggressive amorous advances .
eventually , of course , charlie is discovered , and this is followed by some of the best of those hilarious fight scenes of nearly all of chaplin 's early comedies .
as with all of these old comedies , this one is deteriorated pretty badly , but there is still some pretty good editing at the end of the film .
one thing about films made during that time is that they move so fast , and this fast motion makes some of the shorter shots go by so fast that some of them are almost incomprehensible , and the editing of these films seems to have suffered from this .
but at the end of the masquerader , there is some editing that is better than usual in these early comedies , particularly in the scene where he falls into the well .
fatty arbuckle also appears early in the film as a fellow actor , which might be the most interesting scene in the film since chaplin and arbuckle play themselves , basically , as they get ready to go to work .
i think the masquerader is a bit of a milestone , as chaplin is clearly developing the character of the tramp as a down and out everyman just trying to turn his luck , rather than resorting to drunkenness or so much punching and kicking as in so many of his earlier films .

1
chaplin 's early short films are common targets for complaints about their simplicity and lack of real story or plot , but i think it is important to remember that the films were made at time when huge audiences wanted to see films exactly like this .
chaplin had no great directors of the past to look to for inspiration , and film itself was an emerging medium , so really the only thing he had available to him was to see what worked and what did n't work by trial and error .
bricks and punches and kicks and everyone falling into the lake made people laugh , so that 's what chaplin gave them , and it helped him to achieve the success that allowed him to bring us the truly great films of his later career , so i think it 's unfair to judge these films by the same standards as what chaplin achieved later , and it also prevents you from really enjoying these films for what they are .
audiences in 1914 , for example , would have been fascinated by something as simple as one frame showing a person throwing a brick off screen , and then the next shot showing the brick flying into the screen .
it is such a simple technique , but this is how movies started , and something this simple would have nearly knocked people over , because what they were looking at was really a moving picture , and one which really came to life because it moved so effortlessly around the park or the stage or the set or wherever the film took place .
the important thing back then was not a moving story , but a moving picture .
and if you could throw in a few punches and a few cops getting hit with bricks , so much the better .
also , if you think that it is a joke to say that a film like this was `` written and directed by charlie chaplin `` since there is clearly no writing or direction involved , i would argue that you have simply never considered what is involved in making a short film .
yes , chaplin has said on numerous occasions that in those days all he needed was a cop , a pretty woman , and a park and he had the ingredients for a short film , but he did n't mean that he could get away with throwing together something that simple , he meant that that was all he needed to satisfy his audience , and any entertainer 's number one concern is to give the people what they want .
since chaplin began his career acting on stage , he was thinking about the immediate appeal to his audience , not about critics or how history would see his films .
he wanted people to laugh while sitting in their seats in the theater in 1914 , not in 90 years when they were watching dvd compilations of his early work .
the film even seems to have been randomly titled , since `` recreation `` really has absolutely nothing to do with what happens on the screen .
it could even refer more to the film itself being made by chaplin and a couple of friends just for fun than the story that unfolds on the screen .
there are a couple of classic chaplin moments in the film , such as when he tries to put both of his feet up on a fence rail , and when a police officer sees him just as he is about the throw a brick , but for the most part the film is just a raucous slapstick romp involving a girl who wanders away from her boyfriend , who falls asleep while sitting with her on a park bench , and then a fight ensues over her affections and ultimately involves a couple of cops who want to find out who 's throwing bricks around .
as some reviewers have noted , it seems to be a good example of what chaplin was talking about when he said that in the old days all he needed was a cop , a girl , and a park bench and he could make a film , but i think this is a little misleading , because the film is more complex than it looks .
yes , of course the comedy is very , very simple , but it 's a mistake to say there is no direction or story or plot .
scripts for silent films were very different than talking films , and while a lot of the comedy is clearly improvised , there is still more planning involved in putting something like this together than you might think .
i made a few 6 or 8 minute films for film classes when i was in college , and at the time i was so proud of them i almost could n't stand it , but looking back , it 's amazing how flawed and simplistic they are , despite the hours and hours of work i put into planning and shooting and editing them .
i think that in order to really enjoy chaplin 's early films for what they are ( and they are certainly still enjoyable , despite the physical decay and the lack of depth or story ) , you have to have either made your own short films or be willing to be open minded about something that was made in a very different time for very different audiences and with very different technology .
if you consider the other films that were coming out at the time , these were some of the best .

1
one of chaplin 's longest films up to that point , burlesque on carmen is a clever and surprisingly complex parody of what was then `` prosper 's `` well-known story about `` carmen . ``
i was a little confused about the difference between the imdb 's listing of the 1915 burlesque on carmen and the 1916 version .
based on the running time i assume that it was the 1915 version that i saw , since the 1916 one is a good 20 minutes longer , and from what i 've read , those are 20 unnecessary and unimpressive minutes .
from the very beginning , it 's clear that burlesque on carmen is one of chaplin 's most complex and ambitious efforts to date , starting off with a long back story , told through inter-titles , about the tragic love story of carmen .
carmen is sent by a band of gypsies ( `` a band who put the gyp in gypsy . ``
) , to seduce a spanish officer so they can pull off their smuggling operation .
it 's a clever , chaplinesque band of criminals , the leader of whom , , has `` spent 50 years learning to steal , thinking he might be offered a job in politics . ``
on a side note , i 've seen some almost misogynistic messages and jokes in some of chaplin 's earlier work , but probably none quite as overt as in this one .
near the beginning of the movie , as the band of gypsies are traveling , there is a scene where the mules and women are loading , and an inter-title explains that `` the mules are the ones with long ears . ``
in case you could n't tell , i guess .
chaplin plays the part of don jose , the hapless officer who is to be seduced by carmen .
he is described as `` a brave soldier and lover of women . ``
not exactly a stretch for chaplin who removed any doubt about his ability to play a convincing comic soldier a few years later in the brilliant shoulder arms .
and of course , he did n't have to act about being a lover of women .
what is different here , of course , is his polished military uniform and disciplinary manner , interspersed , of course , with some of his traditional slap-stick moves .
he strikes me as a little guy in a position of authority , struggling to maintain the respect of his subordinates by exerting a gruff , stolid exterior .
soon carmen enters ( `` loved by all men under the age of 96 ... `` ) , and she immediately begins flirting with charlie .
i should mention that for a good majority of the movie , it is surprisingly faithful to the original story , which was full of jealousy and tragedy .
chaplin is strangely convincing as a jealous lover , able to evoke a jealous passion that i 've never seen from him .
there 's at least one scene where he is genuinely a little scary .
chaplin has some great sight gags in the movie , like a hilarious table dance and some classic sword fighting near the end .
and his boyish charm and the role of a soldier is also definitely a winning combination , although there is another peculiar stunt involving a group of men pushing a huge door back and forth that was n't very effective to begin with but just kept going on and on and on , probably about five times longer than it was worth .
although it was interesting that when it finally fell over it clearly was revealed as a movie prop .
i always appreciate such glimpses at the old movie sets .
the end of the film is it 's strongest part .
it bears striking resemblance to romeo and juliet , but just when you think that chaplin is going to conduct a major thematic experiment by diverging distantly from his traditional style , there is a hilarious twist that is as vintage chaplin as anything i 've ever seen .
nice work !

1
my original review for this film was pretty harsh : six stars only and acting as though hayakawa was the only redeeming factor of what is an old-fashioned , un-pc melodrama .
however , after re-watching it a few more times , i 've come to realize this film is worth more than i initially realized .
sessue hayakawa 's performance is still amazing with its naturalism and understatement , contrasting with his co-star fannie ward , who overacts like it 's going out of style ( which indeed it was ) .
while his acting alone is enough to recommend the cheat ( 1915 ) , the direction and look of the film are outstanding .
the lighting is phenomenal , using shadows to highlight the mystery and sexual menace of hayakawa 's character .
the atmosphere is absolutely lurid , giving flavor to what could have been a by the numbers potboiler .
as dated as the story is , you have to admit it 's never boring and moves quick at a little under an hour .
the branding scene is still relatively shocking to this day .
the sexuality present on screen smashes the assumption that old movies never dealt with carnal subject matter .
this really is one of film 's early masterworks .
it 's certainly more watchable than the other great masterpiece of 1915 , the much more controversial and creaky the birth of a nation ( 1915 ) .

1
while birth of a nation might be the best known landmark feature film of 1915 , a couple of other pictures from that year were equally , if not more , important in the development of cinema .
one of these is cecil b de mille 's the cheat .
whereas birth of a nation was merely the culmination of a line of development in dw griffith 's work , the cheat ( along with raoul walsh 's massively undervalued regeneration ) was the beginning of something new .
if people know one thing about the cheat , it tends to be that it stars a young sessue hayakawa , who decades later was nominated for best supporting actor oscar in bridge on the river kwai .
but let 's come back to him in a bit .
the second thing people sometimes know about this picture is its revolutionary use of lighting .
de mille had added a bit of `` rembrandt `` lighting -- brightly lit subjects against a backdrop of darkness -- here and there in his previous films , but the cheat is a real tour-de-force of the technique , as well as the deliberate casting of shadows .
in silent cinema this sort of thing is most often associated with the german expressionist movement , and while de mille does not have the dark and gothic overtones of murnau , lang et al , his use of lighting is nevertheless expressionistic .
take for example the opening shot , with hayakawa eerily shrouded in darkness .
later , when fannie ward comes to hayakawa for help -- putting herself in his power -- he turns out the light -- a move more symbolic than realistic .
the old rembrandt lighting also presented itself as an alternative to the `` masking `` ( artificially blacking out bits of the screen ) introduced by griffith a year or two earlier .
the latter would more or less die out by the mid-1920s , whereas the lighting patterns championed by de mille are still in use today .
there 's much more going on here than just the lighting though .
de mille was perhaps the first filmmaker to realise the benefit of long takes .
a lot of 1900s cinema uses long takes by default , simply because no-one had yet realised the potential of the editing process .
dw griffith then came along and made a number of developments involving editing , until the uncut shot began to disappear .
de mille however sends cinema in the other direction , keeping the scenes and the shots intact , which puts more emphasis on the power of the performance .
another important influence here is that of screenwriter jeanie macpherson , who disapproved of parallel editing , and believed every scene should be its own drama .
the long take encourages good performances , but of course it does n't hurt to have talented actors as well .
to be fair , the other leads are all bit forgettable when compared to the awesome sessue hayakawa .
hayakawa was perfectly suited to the theatrical realism which characterises de mille 's silent works .
his subtle style makes his character entirely believable , and yet when he makes his ruthless act of domination over fannie ward , it is almost like a climactic moment in an opera .
it is the perfect blend of naturalism and dramatic licence , and it makes the need for intertitles more or less superfluous .
the cheat , like most of de mille 's pictures from this era , is remarkably free of title cards -- they are only there when absolutely necessary .
the only obvious flaw in the cheat is its dubious morality and occasionally far-fetched plot .
this would be the fault of ms macpherson , who was certainly a very talented storyteller but also had some rather odd views .
still , de mille would carry on accepting ( and sometimes worsening ) her often bizarre screenplays for the next fifteen years , until he found some writers who were even nuttier ( and far less talented ) in the sound era .
the daftness of the typical de mille storyline has meant modern film historians have not been particularly kind to him -- but look past all the bible-bashing , puritanism , naivety and general weirdness , and you can see an incredible mastery of film form .
the cheat is one of his gems .

1
although made at a time when victorian values were still prominent in society , the story rings true today .
thus it is one of the few films from the 1910 's and before where you do n't need a historical perspective prior to viewing .
the players and their motivations are easily recognizable .
the film was remade in 1931 during the peak of the precode era , and i still consider this one more daring .
for one , the 1931 film has a caucasian man playing the part of the cad and just had him being enthralled with all items and customs asian .
this earlier film has an actual japanese actor - sessue hayakawa - playing that part and playing it well .
you see , in this film , the villain is not so because he is japanese , instead the villain just happens to be japanese .
no stereotypical behavior is implied .
fannie ward plays edith hardy , a shallow spendthrift society woman who winds up in a potential financial scandal if a theft she committed is discovered .
she ca n't go to her husband with her dilemma because he has all of his money sunk into a business deal with which he is preoccupied .
her so-called friend , hishuru tori ( sessue hayakawa ) learns of her situation and offers to replace the money - for a price that does not involve cash .
there is a shooting , attempted rape , a branding , and - believe it or not - none of this seems excessive given the very credible storyline .
we 've all heard or read about people that dig bigger and bigger financial holes that lead to larceny , there have always been men willing to take advantage of pretty women in tight spots , and there have always been spouses too obsessed with business to see what is going on under their noses , and we 've all heard of any one of these things leading to violence .
looking like she was in her 20 's when she was in fact 43 when she made this film , leading lady fannie ward was a patient of the earliest forms of plastic surgery .
also , oddly enough , she was actually almost as troublesome as the person she portrayed here .
she made all kinds of extravagant demands regarding her costumes for the film , and nearly drove de mille crazy .
her actual husband , john dean , played her husband in this film and 14 others she was in .
as difficult as she could be , ward and dean were married for over 35 years until dean 's death in 1950 .
in spite of sessue hayakawa 's portrayal of such a nasty individual , this film made him a sex symbol to women of all races in america and around the world into the 1920 's .
his salary rivaled that of the top box office draws of the day , and he continued on playing the romantic lead , often with caucasian leading ladies , until the end of the 1910 's .
i 'd recommend this one to anybody willing to give silent film a chance .
in fact , i 'd say it 's a good way to introduce someone to silent film .

1
studios were transitioning from sets with glass ceilings for natural lighting to closed sets with artificial lighting by the time cecil b. demille made `` the cheat `` , one of the earliest films to feature lighting for more than clarity .
demille and cinematographer alvin wyckoff extensively use chiaroscuro effects , or `` rembrandt lighting `` , to illuminate psychological states , for symbolism , drama and shadows -- for art .
demille experimented with lighting in other films around this time , including `` the golden chance `` , which he made coincident with this film .
notably , benjamin christensen and other danish filmmakers had been creating interesting lighting effects , as had russian filmmaker yevgeni bauer and perhaps a few others , probably influencing demille .
`` the cheat `` was popular in paris and impressed french impressionist filmmakers , like abel gance .
the story is throwaway , although the sex and racial issues , obviously , grab one 's attention .
how demille tells , or shows , the story is what 's remarkable .
the opening scene of the japanese ivory king sets the tone : with no fill lights , the scene is lit by diegetic sources ; shadows cover the character , and the background is darkness .
in addition to other benefits , this isolates the character and his actions , focusing viewers ' attention ; it 's a change from billy bitzer and d.w. griffith 's iris shots , the then established technique for such an effect .
as mentioned at this website , sessue hayakawa 's japanese ivory king was changed to burmese for the 1918 re-release -- not the last time hayakawa starred in a film that appeased to japanese relations ( i.e . `` the bridge on the river kwai `` ) .
offending the burmese is easier to get away with , although asians in general are stereotyped .
the courtroom scene , with a racist riot nearly exploding , in addition to hayakawa 's restrained performance somewhat reconciles my objections , though .
low-key lighting makes for other memorable moments , including scenes where demille and wyckoff make great use of wilfred buckland 's minimalist sets , creating silhouettes behind rice paper .
in another scene , the husband 's shadow is seen over the bodies of his wife and hayakawa before he physically enters the frame .
darkness follows edith for most of her `` cheating `` deeds , including the branding scene .
the lighting distinguishes this film , and it has had a lasting influence on film-making .
watch `` the whispering chorus `` next , demille 's last hurrah at art .

1
sunday january 22 , 4:00 pm the paramount theater , seattle did cecil b. demille pander to the baser interests of the american film audience , or , did he simply have the ability to produce films that targeted the popular interests of the day ?
he was either brilliant at recognizing what worked or shameless in exploiting it .
what can not be disputed is that demille was able to observe his peers and improve his own work with each subsequent film .
a clear example is the difference between the ancient babylon story of d. w. griffith 's intolerance ( 1916 ) , and the egyptian prologue of demille 's the ten commandments ( 1923 ) .
aside from the physical size of the sets , where these films differ most is the way demille engages his audience in the story , rather than simply presenting a static historical set piece as in the griffith film .
just as mary pickford led the way by transforming stage acting into the more intimate performance seen on the motion picture screen , cecil b. demille was essential in the development and presentation of the modern photoplay .
with the cheat ( 1915 ) demille took a tremendous leap toward realism and modern aesthetics with the careful use of art direction and lighting in ways previously unexplored .
the progressive qualities of this film place it developmentally far ahead of other work produced during the same period .
the cheat still has the shocking and scandalous feel it did in 1915 .
what has changed is the modern american attitude toward women and race .
the story involves the loan of a large sum of money to socialite edith hardy , played by fannie ward , from a wealthy `` oriental `` hishuru arakau , played by sessue hayakawa .
mrs. hardy has foolishly gambled charity funds entrusted to her on the stock market and lost .
afraid to tell her husband richard , played by jack dean , edith instead borrows the money from with the understanding that he is entitled to certain `` privileges `` .
when her husband presents her with an unexpected gift of the same amount , edith tries to return the loan , which enrages .
he then accuses her of cheating him and literally brands her with a mark signifying she is his property .
edith shoots her tormentor and mr. hardy takes responsibility for the crime to protect his wife .
in the subsequent trial the truth is revealed .
the husband is acquitted , and is nearly lynched .
paramount received so much criticism for assigning japanese nationality to hayakawa 's character that it was changed to less politically sensitive burmese for the 1918 re-release as motion picture entertainment , the cheat is beautifully executed and the closest demille ever came to creating the `` perfect `` movie .
while it represents a great step forward in the development of motion pictures , it also serves as a reminder of american society 's ugly xenophobic and sexually repressive heritage .

1
considering that this film came out before the russian revolution and also was , if anything , , i was very surprised such a film was made at the time and in the us .
it really is a unique film -- and one that stacks up very , very well against other full-length films of the day .
just be aware that the film is badly faded ( at least the one posted on archive.org 's site ) .
hope ( clara young ) is a very sweet russian lady who has dedicated her life to social work and improving the lives of others .
not surprisingly , men are attracted to her .
one , serge ( claude fleming ) , is a nice guy and quite wealthy .
the other , paul ( vernon steele ) , is poor -- but hope is in love with him .
however , she decides to marry serge because he is rich and promised her she could use his fortune to help the needy .
he is true to his word and she is content .
however , none of them realize that nikolai ( montagu love ) wants hope for himself -- and he 's willing to use his position with the secret police to get rid of both serge and paul !
nice guy , huh ?
one the two men are in jail awaiting deportation to exile in siberia , something strange occurs .
paul begs serge to switch identity with him .
paul reasons that since his sentence is only five years and serge 's is fifteen , that they should switch because he loves hope so much he wants her to have her husband back as soon as possible .
unfortunately , this selfless act ends up backfiring .
when hope travels to siberia to be with her husband , she sees it 's really paul -- and she must stay with him and pretend to be his wife or both men will be in huge trouble .
when word soon arrives that serge is dead , she and paul decide to consummate their love ... and some time later , serge returns !
he was not dead -- and the witness to his death was wrong !
where all this goes , you 'll have to see for yourself .
all in all , compared to other very early full-length films , this one stacks up very , very well .
as very , very few full-length films had been made so far , it was a trailblazing film -- and far more watchable than the year 's big hit , `` birth of a nation `` ( do n't even get me started on this film ... ) .
my only complaint , and it 's very common in older silents , is that there should have been more intertitle cards , as too often the actors say and do a lot and it is n't captioned to explain what is occurring .
still , it 's a heck of an exciting and rather epic film -- and seems to imply that revolution was needed .

1
this is one of the first charlie chaplin films i ever watched , and still holds as one of my favorites .
this is a film you have to watch very closely to appreciate .
while there is plenty of the signature slapstick comedy you would expect to see in a chaplin film , there are many more funny scenes that happen quickly through gestures and facial expressions .
to fully experience the hilarity this film offers , you first have to fully understand what is going on , and to remember that the people in the audience are in the wealthy upper-class .

1
if you 're in the right frame of mind for it , `` a night at the show `` is charlie chaplin at his slapstick best .
i like my early chaplin tipsy , abusive , mischievous , amorous , and a little put off by the world around him , and he 's all of these things in this one .
he 's also two characters .
mr. rowdy ( chaplin ) is an abusive drunk with an overblown mischievous streak .
we learn little about him , and he 's there for the laughs he provides .
he does provide them , and one can imagine that he was just a fun character to play .
mr. pest ( chaplin ) , on the other hand , has the universe revolving around him .
everyone else in the theater is there for his amusement , and it strained credulity a little bit -- which is fine -- that he was n't just thrown out of the place .
the show which chaplin attends is intolerable until chaplin takes matters into his own hands .
some people in the audience , you 'll feel , deserve to be smacked , and of course , they are knocked around by a master .
i 'm a big fan of his keystone stuff , but `` a night at the show `` is chaplin freed at essanay .
the world is his oyster , and he on seafood .
it 's a blast !

1
people who are not used to see good silent films are surprised to see a 1915 film this good .
the acting is natural and fascinating , the sets , lighting and costumes are all first rate .
remember these big stars of early film had that ` star ' quality , that indefinable something that grabs our attention and makes us care .
pickford , neilan and macdonald are all excellent and i hope someday the rest of this film is found !
plot : the relationship between a plucky daughter and her brutish father is dissected in this classic mary pickford drama set in a mining community .
pickford plays `` rags , `` a pretty but wild girl who defends her alcoholic father ( j. farrell macdonald ) , a disgraced bank cashier , no matter how he mistreats her .
enter a handsome engineer ( marshall neilan ) , whose family had once fired rag 's father for theft .
rags falls in love but realizes that marriage is a hopeless proposition considering her lowly place in society .
but when she learns that her father plans to rob the newcomer , rags betrays him to the sheriff , and he is shot in the ensuing battle .
before he expires , however , the old man writes to his former employer to take care of rags .
she journeys east , becomes a proper lady , and can soon plan a future with the handsome engineer .
written for the screen by frances marion and pickford herself , rags was based on a novel by edith barnard delano , whose from holland was filmed by pickford the following year .
according to her own account , it was seeing her name in lights on broadway advertising rags that persuaded mary pickford to her contract with famous ( paramount ) .

1
this film , now available in pretty much complete form , is a really good film .
i first saw a fragment of this film on a vhs tape called `` the films of norma talmadge `` .
based on what i saw , i thought it would be a tragic film and that tully marshall was the meany , which he often was in his films .
i was wrong .
in this film , the only one i 've ever seen in which his hair was almost entirely black , he plays an artist and norma is his model .
she gets him started on drugs , which caught me by surprise .
at the same time , marsh plays a younger girl , engaged to ronald gay .
however , she is enamored with tully marshall 's character .
tully becomes hooked on the drug and eventually he and marguerite are married a title card , perhaps the next one after that , says `` one year later `` .
marguerite looks haggard and tully does n't look much better .
somewhere in-between this time , norma has gotten off the stuff and works to get tully off of it .
part of tully 's treatment is to work on a farm .
he 's eventually cured , but the movie is far from through .
i wo n't say how , but i will say that things do end well and any bad guys go to jail .
this film was so good i 'm giving it a `` 9 `` .
i will tell you that there 's quite a bit of decomposition in it , but at least it 's now in a nearly complete form .

1
as an enthusiast of early cinema stylistics , i tend to find `` gretchen the greenhorn `` even better a film than other critics claim .
the film has its weak moments , but it is handled with deft touch .
to avoid spoilers , i will avoid discussing too much of the plot and focus on the exquisite photography .
there are exquisite seascapes of the pacific ocean , wonderful lighting during a wedding sequence and a number of attractive tints that include blue and orange .
a viewing of the film only confirms the talents of the franklin brothers .
sidney and chester franklin worked well together on a number of dramas and comedies produced by majestic studios , fine , and fox .
their ability to handle child performers is evident from the portrayals of the ` children ' .
the children never cloy and they craftily help the leading characters , gretchen ( dorothy gish ) and her father jan ( ralph lewis ) , when they are abducted at sea .
in my opinion , the only point against the film is dorothy gish 's performance .
dorothy was the sister of lillian gish , but her performance style is often a little flat .
although very few of dorothy 's solo performances are known to survive , i have had the good fortune to see four of them - victorine ( 1915 ) , old heidelberg ( 1915 ) , gretchen the greenhorn ( 1916 ) and the country flapper ( 1922 ) .
dorothy was never a bad actress , she is not annoying in any way ; but she lacked the expressive eyes that her sister used to her advantage .
a comparison of dorothy 's performance in `` gretchen the greenhorn `` with lillian 's performance in another immigrant drama `` sold for marriage `` ( 1916 ) shows how very different these two sisters were as performers .
( in all fairness to dorothy gish , i have never seen her performance in the british drama `` nell gwyn `` , released in 1926 .
that film is supposed to show dorothy at her best .
) `` gretchen the greenhorn `` is well worth watching .
the careful craftsmanship and the fine juvenile performances make up for the occasional flatness of dorthy gish 's so-so performance .

1
the town bad girl ready to seduce the weakling for a price , the pious parson in reality easily led and the tough blaze tracey , redeemed by the faith and purity of the minister 's sister - it 's all there in `` hell 's hinges `` one of william s. hart 's biggest hits .
he originated `` the good bad man `` character and he came to films from the stage , determined to put poetry and vision back into the western genre he loved so much .
his titles were flowery and too sentimental ( `` a gun fighting , man killing , devil 's den of iniquity that scorched the earth `` ) but there was deep sincerity and power behind the sentiment .
hart grew up loving the west but was appalled at the low standard of movie westerns at that time .
apparently he once complained to a cinema owner who replied that that particular film was one of the best he had screened .
more full driven drama than straight forward western , it tells of the arrival in town of a weak willed young minister , rev . robert henley - a man who has no belief in his calling , only becoming one to keep his mother happy and his sister , faith ( clara williams ) who hopes that the new town will make a man of him .
in reality , the town , `` hell 's hinges `` is one of the worst towns in the west and oily `` silk `` miller has already secured the services of blaze tracy ( hart ) , a tough gun man , to run the minister out of town before religion can take over .
blaze is instantly won over by faith who has a `` different type of smile `` .
( i know it 's hard to believe - williams being probably the actress ever ) ! !
he warns the bad element of the town to keep away from the siblings but listening to the parson 's sermon he remains unmoved and realises that all the power and conviction lies in faith .
henley is being corrupted by `` silk `` who convinces him to give a talk to the dancing girls but once in the saloon he is introduced to hard and is then seduced by captivating dolly ( louise glaum ) .
the next morning he is too drunk to give a sermon and , what is worse , he drunkenly incites the town 's folk to burn down the newly erected church .
the action was reserved for the last 20 minutes and was powerful and realistic .
panoramic long shots and terrific control over the masses of extras used in scenes of mob violence and pandemonium , there was plenty of blazing guns as well .
just a tremendous movie .

1
even for a german aristocrat there are some bizarre films that just ca n't be understood .
this happens each time in the schloss is shown `` the mystery of the leaping fish `` , a film directed by herr john emerson and produced by d. w. griffith 's `` triangle `` society .
probably the habits of its principal male character , a bizarre detective who 's name is coke ennyday ( played by a young and funny herr douglas fairbanks ) are not very common among the aristocratic class ( or at least in such huge proportions ... ) and the costumes that he wears are too eccentric for the teutonic bourgeoisie more accustomed to elegant dress and discreet cocktail suits .
not to mention that the gadgets that herr ennyday uses are too modern for the 10 's ... anyway , whatever it is , each time this german count watches this bizarre , inventive , bold , amazing film full of puns written by dame anita loos and assisted by herr tod browning , the miracle happens and this german count ... laughs in a stentorian voice !
.
`` the mystery of the leaping fish `` is rarity , a film that even today astonishes the audience with its superb political incorrectness , a surreal , indescribable and unclassifiable film ; that is to say , an unique silent masterpiece .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must sniff snuff .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

1
one of the funniest movies ever ( in my opinion ) and must be seen to be believed .
modern `` scientific `` detective douglas fairbanks gets on the case of an opium smuggling gang and rescues the kidnapped girl from the gang 's chinese hideout .
contains what may be the first television shown in a movie .

1
charlie is a waiter who goes roller skating during his lunch later he is invited to a party at edna 's , known now as sir cecil 's the rink from 1916 is his eight film for mutual see here charlie showing his rolling skating is his love t. kelley is her campbell plays mr. stout , edna 's bergmann is mrs. stout and angry bacon is 's really funny to see charlie doing his moves in the rink , and making other skaters fall his waiting techniques are something never seen chaplin was a buffoon one of his kind .

1
we all know about charlie chaplin 's wit , precision and recklessness when it came to tumbles and pratfalls , but who knows about his delicate grace and balletic poise ?
the rink is the earliest of his pictures where he really gets to demonstrate this side to his talent , as he whirls effortlessly across the room with elegance as well as skill .
does this display of dexterity conflict with the character of crude and clumsy tramp ?
you would think so , but it does n't .
true , charlie 's function in his own pictures is to spread mayhem wherever he goes , and now that the character was familiar this premise needed no explanation .
the rink contains some fine examples of how chaplin makes himself the chaotic centre of attention without actually hogging the foreground .
in the early scenes when he is waiting tables he often appears bustling about in the background , but we recognise him from his exaggerated comical style of movement , and everything is arranged and timed so that we focus on the trail of destruction he leaves behind him .
and yet charlie himself is immune to all this .
he dances through the world leaving others stumbling or in his wake without getting so much as a scratch on himself -- except when the big-time pratfall is required , which will always be spectacular .
looked at this way , it may not make logical sense for him to be an ace on skates , but it does fit in with the general style of his comic persona .
but it is n't all about charlie , and one of the best things about his mutual pictures is the time he took to showcase his regular co-stars .
in the rink we have the mighty eric campbell , looking decidedly ridiculous with his massive body rolling around on skates .
we also get the odd sight of campbell having a go at `` flirting `` , although i should remind readers that popping your cheek does n't do it for most women these days .
this is probably the most prominent role in a chaplin film for james t. kelley , who does a good job as a rather silly father-in-law type .
john rand , perhaps the butt of charlie 's antagonistic streak , gets a few more comical comeuppances .
and we also have relative newcomer henry bergman doing a superb dame act , looking very convincing but still making the most of the rotund that was bergman 's speciality .
and of course , there is edna purviance .
edna had been given disappointingly small parts in the mutual films ( with the exception of the vagabond ) as chaplin concentrated more on prop gags and winding up eric campbell than on romantic angles .
here that trend is reversed and she gets a proper role in the story that prefigures the fully-fledged romantic comedies that would eventually become chaplin 's masterpieces .
she is introduced in the first scene with a memorable close-up , demonstrating that her character is important , and chaplin makes the effort to give her some significance to the story , as oppose to simply having her float around as the obligatory heroine .
it 's nice to see ms purviance back in the limelight , to see her naturalistic charm and acting talents .
chaplin really needed someone like her to complement that sense of grace and beauty that his pictures were beginning to acquire .
but let us not forget the all-important statistic -- number of kicks up the arse : 4 ( 2 for , 2 against )

1
i 've seen this film several times as well as clips from it .
it seems that it is among his most famous shorts and it deserves the recognition .
however , i must first say that when not skating , the movie definitely slows and is less funny .
however , seeing charlie on skates is a rare treat , as he was quite accomplished and seeing traditional slapstick done on skates was an amazing accomplishment .
plus , although mack swain ( charlie 's nemesis ) is shown as a guy who ca n't skate , it 's obvious he was actually quite accomplished on skates as well to take all the wonderful falls .
all-in-all , a breezy and fresh comedy short worth your time .
fyi -- if you like seeing chaplin skate , also try watching his full-length silent film city lights ( 1931 ) .
at one point midway through the film , he does a wonderful skating segment while a security guard at a department store .
great stuff .

1
this is one of my top favorite chaplin shorts , because of the abundance of slapstick action and of course charlie 's jaw-dropping roller skating skills !
another reviewer mentioned that this left us wishing he 'd have put the skates on more often .
it 'd be 20 years before we 'd see the likes of this again in `` modern times `` .
but i absolutely love this one !
in that context , i thought this might be a good example of how my overall opinion of chaplin 's earlier work differs from some other fans & critics .
i do n't subscribe to the notion that his tramp character was n't so `` likeable `` in the early days as he became more even-tempered so over time .
his aggressive tendencies when aggravated or impatient were much less restrained early on .
but i actually enjoy seeing this in the tramp ; the aggression , to me , actually makes him more attractive in a `` manly `` way and i like/love him no less for it .
chaplin 's little guy has a lot of backbone and is no pushover ( figuratively ) .
an adversary 's size ( or sometimes gender ) made no difference to him ; he 's no more afraid of the monstrous eric campbell than he is of anyone else .
you did n't mess with charlie !
as a fairly short and woman , i 've often wished * i * had that kind of chutzpa in the face of bullies .
; -- rrb - the 3 stooges were often the same way : after a point , you did n't mess with them , either !
several key players who worked with the stooges like director del lord and supporting stars bud jamison and vernon dent , all cut their teeth in sennett 's silent movie slapstick .
jamison is in several of chaplin 's early shorts , and del lord was once the driver of the keystone cops .
so you can see it 's possible that the little tramp 's persona in some ways foreshadowed and shaped those of the stooges .

1
i just do n't know what to say .
i mean , charlie chaplin had so much innovative ideas , new comedy and so much f *** ing talent ! ! !
i like his type of comedy because in every short , he always causes trouble .
for instance , when he pushed everyone in the roller skating rink and the policemen were about to catch him , but he made the issues much more worse , by escaping and going to another car , now that 's humorous ! ! !
i mean , charlie chaplin caused so much trouble in every short he has done !
this was so stupid when charlie chaplin did n't know what he was doing , but accidentally placed sponges in the plate for the customer at the restaurant and the customer got all appalled and angry and chased him around all over the restaurant and outside of the restaurant .
yo , , chaplin ?
if you can hear me from all the way down here , i would just like to say , `` you 're freaking incredible ! ! ! ``
10/10

1
`` joan the woman `` was producer/director cecil b. de mille 's first epic and as far as i know , his first film dealing with a religious theme , a genre he would revisit many times over the course of his lengthy career .
it 's the story of the rise and fall of joan of arc told in two parts and running over two and a quarter hours , in an era when most features were running at an hour or so .
d.w. griffith had started the epic ball rolling with his classics , `` the birth of a nation `` ( 1915 ) and `` intolerance `` ( 1916 ) .
the story is sandwiched between two wwi segments .
the first has british soldier eric trent ( wallace reid ) volunteering for a suicide mission in which he is sure to be killed .
in his bunker , he digs up an old sword which as it turns out , once belonged to joan of arc who waged battle on the very ground upon which this battle is raging .
in an apparent dream , joan ( geraldine farrar ) appears to him and demands justice for his forbear 's betrayal of her .
next , we are transported back to the 15th century where joan 's story begins .
joan is a peasant girl who encounters the first eric trent ( reid again ) in her village when he and his troops arrive to pillage her village .
she saves his life after a french deserter knocks him out .
an attraction between the two begins .
joan hears voices she believes come from god that ask her to take up arms and lead the french army against the english .
she goes to the deposed king charles ( raymond hatton ) to gain his support .
she demonstrates that she in fact does possess extraordinary powers to gain the confidence of the king and his court .
joan leads the french army to a resounding victory at orleans capturing trent in the process .
several more victories follow and the people begin to worship her as a queen .
king charles becomes worried when he hears of this from the `` mad monk `` ( tully marshall ) , however he grants joan two wishes as a reward for her service , status for her village and the freeing of eric trent .
trent professes his love for joan but she replies that she can love only ... france .
later against his wishes , trent is ordered to capture joan and he reluctantly does so .
the mad monk convinces the bishop , cauchon ( theodore roberts ) that joan is a witch bent on taking over the throne .
in the end , cauchon convicts her of witchcraft and orders her execution .
de mille with his proverbial cast of thousands stages some impressive action sequences .
the siege at orleans is spectacular as is joan 's burning at the stake .
and not to forget his opening shot of joan standing before the `` fleur de lis `` first with hands raised in victory and second as a crucified martyr .
geraldine farrar , though a little old for the part , makes an excellent joan nonetheless .
a famous opera singer of the day , she brings all the emotion and vulnerability necessary for the role .
she would appear in several other films for de mille during her short five year film career .
wallace reid was emerging as one of the first matinã©e idols at this time however , his role here is secondary to that of farrar .
raymond hatton whose career spanned 60 years or so , is probably best remembered as the grizzled old sidekick in scores of `` b `` westerns of the 30s and 40s .
oddly enough , theodore roberts who plays joan 's evil adversary , bishop cauchon , would soon play the biblical figure moses in de mille 's `` the ten commandments `` ( 1923 ) .
one of de mille 's best and most ambitious productions of his early career .

1
report from 2006 : a mormon maid ( **** ) mae murray and parents are taken in after an indian attack by a mormon community by a lustful noah beery , who has eyes on making mae the fifth or sixth mrs. beery .
in a long career that included the likes of the great ziegfeld and esther williams , robert z. leonard was never accused of an excess of personal style .
yet even he had enough skill and instinct to take full advantage of the visual opportunities provided by an army of ominously hooded religious zealots , lined up at night in gleaming white , or marching in lockstep with a defenseless young girl as their prisoner .
the variety review quoted in the program guide inexplicably suggests that a short running time kept this 1917 film from achieving all it could .
to modern eyes it 's the fact that it races along at such a ferocious clip that is its greatest strength , along with the effective use of visuals which make the religious zealots more ominous and convincing villains than the usual rake lusting after the virginal heroine .
in fact , for a change , the big strapping father is as much a victim trying to protect his chastity as the girl is , since he 's ordered , to his horror , to take a second wife -- a sequence you have n't seen before in a silent movie , and one that 's played for all it 's worth .

1
director : john emerson .
screenplay : john emerson , anita loos .
story : horace b. carpenter .
photography : victor fleming .
film editor : william shea .
art director and construction manager : bob fairbanks .
assistant director : william henabery .
production manager : jack fairbanks .
producer : doug fairbanks .
copyright 16 june 1917 by pictures corp. .
u.s. release : 24 june 1917 .
los angeles opening : 4 july 1917 .
5 reels .
72 minutes .
alpha 's nice kodascope cutdown runs 60 minutes .
synopsis : a new york railroad magnate 's spoiled , twenty-year-old son is a mad western freak who fondly imagines that america 's west is still wild and woolly -- and he wants to be part of the action !
comment : a movie that pokes fun at itself even way back in 1917 ?
fortunately , alpha have a very good print of this one -- even if it is a nice kodascope black and white cutdown .
it would be great to see a tinted original , but i think prospects there are dim .
be thankful that oldies have unearthed such a good print !
most of kodak 's cuts seem to have been made in the new york scenes .
anyway , the movie itself as we now have it , is a viewer 's delight from go to whoa .
the direction is brisk , the script witty , the actors most capable , and fairbanks himself comes across in fine form .
if you 've never seen a fairbanks movie of this vintage , you 'll be surprised at how sophisticated it is , both in the making and the telling .
in fact it 's hard to decide which is the more amusing -- the on screen action or the titles that wryly comment upon it all .

1
here are lubitsch , pola negri and emil jannings back in the year 1918 at the start and before they achieved their huge fame .
of course , this is a low budget movie .
the egyptian desert scenes were filmed in a berlin quarry and the egyptian tomb is of absurdly cheap quality .
however we can see the evident skill of lubitsch when working with his lead actors .
the fascinating personality of pola negri shines .
i certainly wish that we had more such real women in today , s modern movies .
so please enjoy this nostalgic movie .
consider that if it was remade today with millions of dollars , special effects and huge publicity , that it might be a box-office bonanza

1
i was very moved by this film .
norma talmadge plays the role of , a mandarin 's daughter , who risks all for love of thomas meighan 's character , an american diplomat named worden .
she is very believable as an oriental girl who is longing for love .
norma also plays the love child of and worden , as a young adult , trying to escape from her brutal life in the emperor 's palace .
this type of story has been done before , but perhaps never so tenderly and sweetly as in this old , old film .
this is a haunting movie , with great performances from all the cast .
it is not to be missed .

1
for almost an hour , mabel normand carries this film with delicious little bits of comedy .
my two favorite scenes were mabel getting a donkey to eat a strap , so her father does n't beat her with it and her eating cherries off a cake and then denying it with her mouth full .
we see why mabel was called the queen of comedy .
the last fifteen minutes slips into melodrama .
mabel did want desperately to be taken as a serious actress and so she was showing that she could do serious stuff too .
anybody who has seen her in d.w. griffith 's `` of nets `` knows that she was great at that too .
i found the transition from comedy to melodrama rather abrupt .
i kept thinking of the irony that lew cody , the villain , in the film , turned out to be the man she married in real life .
i have heard rumors that this was a marriage of convenience .
given the fact that their is so little chemistry between cody and mabel here , i now believe it .
there is also unfortunately little chemistry between the lead actor and mabel .
she had far more chemistry with charlie chaplin and roscoe arbuckle as her leading men .
george nichols is quite good as her fathers .
nichols directed four of chaplin 's earliest films at keystone and mabel directed at least three of them .
add mack sennett and you have the three people who are probably most responsible for chaplin becoming a movie star .
this film is a must for any movie buff interested in silent cinema .
some other reviewer noted that it is the first feature comedy with a single star .
mabel beat keaton `` the saphead `` ( 1920 ) , by two years , and chaplin `` the kid `` ( 1921 ) and harold lloyd `` a sailor made man `` ( 1921 ) by three years to feature films .
this film is one more reason we have to speak of the `` five `` great silent film clowns ( and maybe six if we want to include roscoe arbuckle ) .

1
animation historians must view this film immediately , but i suppose if you can find one mccay cartoon you can find them all - they 're compiled on the ` animation legend ' video and dvd .
` lusitania ' is the film where mccay tries to escape the caricatural confines of the animated picture to produce a serious and moving film , and damn , he succeeds .
the meticulous care which he put into the thousands of drawings necessary for this short cartoon meant that by the time it was finished , it was barely topical and wwi was over , leaving its calls for vengeance somewhat stranded .
however , as a study of technique it is perhaps unsurpassed .
mccay 's animation has a dimensionality which is worlds apart from the character animation of koko the klown or felix the cat , perhaps a deliberate differentiation from such gentle entertainments .
the grim monochrome images of the lusitania 's stern raised in the air while hundreds of people leap to their deaths while remind most audiences of shots from james cameron 's ` titanic ' .
while the rage and maudlin tributes to the famous noblemen who died in the sinking ( as opposed the penniless plebs who we can afford to forget ) now appear heavy-handed , the elegant curls of smoke from the stricken vessel are simply powerful cinematic touches which seal mccay 's reputation as one of the great film artists of the silent era .
if only he , and not disney , had become the template for the future of american animation ...

1
if someone watches this film and starts looking for shortcomings , they 'll probably find a reasonable amount .
however , considering the film was made in 1918 , it 's an amazingly good film -- even with its few mistakes and cheesy touches -- which , relative to other films of the day , were few .
this original tarzan film was made in louisiana .
i live in florida and i could tell by looking at the plants that it was filmed in this part of the usa , but considering that many later tarzan films were filmed with all over the set , the backwoods of louisiana ( with all its spanish moss ) was a good choice for a domestic production .
as far as the wild animals go , it was a mixed bag .
unfortunately , the elephant was an asian elephant but i ca n't blame the film makers too much -- the african variety are a lot nastier and dangerous .
what i can blame them for , a bit , are the apes that adopt tarzan .
they are clearly people in cheap ape costumes -- that look neither like gorillas or chimps -- just people in ape costumes !
but once again , given the technology of the era , it is n't that bad -- plus , stanley kubrick did the same thing in `` 2001 `` and it 's considered a masterpiece ! !
as for the plot , aside from the addition of a character and a few other small changes , it is essentially edgar rice burroughs ' book come to life .
it 's actually much more accurate than many of the later versions and because it stays closer to the book , it is more interesting and watchable ... and less silly .
in fact , as far as the writing , direction and acting go , it was all very , very good for such an early full-length film -- and a lot better than the gobs of tarzan films from the 1950s and 60s .
overall , very good and very interesting .

1
this original silent version of the lord of the apes is perhaps the truest screen representation of the way tarzan is envisioned in the books by edgar rice burroughs .
it is seems very crude but really is n't .
it follows the first story ( in as much as it can in the limited time of the feature ) very closely .
elmo lincoln , while no adonis , is very adequate in the role .
he 's not johnny weissmuller ... but then johnny did n't really look all too much like tarzan should have either .

1
caligari is up there with citizen kane as one of the most influential films in history .
it played a huge part in establishing the horror genre ( along with ` nosferatu ) , and the unique language of silent film in general .
most of all , this is pure film art .
the distorted , painted sets , strange camera angles and even stranger plot contribute to caligari 's reputation as a true classic .
if you want to try and pinpoint a time when film met art , look no further .
this is a visual spectacular , a film that will leave you dizzy in it 's aftermath .
of course it has faults .
most silent films do .
but these are by the true originality of the work , and the hallucinatory , spooky atmosphere created .
a film that is an essential , ` see before you die ' type .
it 's not the greatest ever produced , but it sure is one of the most important .
9/10 .

1
in the history of difficult and influential films , i think the cabinet of dr. caligari may be one of the best .
first of all , it 's a silent film made in 1919 , with a dramatic music score used to prompt emotions and inter-title cards to provide dialog and story points ( remember , alfred hitchcock got his start in the movie business by designing title cards for silent films ) .
there is no synchronized sound ; combine that with heavy stage-like acting and a bizarre production design where it is almost impossible to find a right angle in the settings and when you do , they seem totally perverse in the world as presented in the story .
the cabinet of dr. caligari can be a challenge for modern audiences .
so , tough nuts !
who told you liking films or learning film history would be easy ?
there are just some things you have to get through .
the cabinet of dr. caligari was a challenge to audiences in its own day and is a classic in world cinema and should be known by anyone who even remotely prides themselves on film knowledge .
this film opened so many doors and inspired so many people over the years as the quintessential psychological horror film .
like it or not , had not director robert wiene and his cast and extraordinary crew of designers made this film , we would not have the halloween series , the friday the thirteenth series , or for that matter the alien series , most of alfred hitchcock including psycho ; all of stephen king especially the shining and many other milestones .
these films might not be your cup of tea and their artistic merit is often questionable , but horror is a viable film genre and that mighty oak mostly sprang from this little silent german film .
the last time i saw the cabinet of dr. caligari was when i was at temple film school in 1978 and that was on a scratchy black and white print which was all that was available at the time .
since then , the criterion collection have put together as good a restoration of the original in the hand tinted version as you 're going to find .
it is available on dvd with some interesting extras .
i highly recommend renting it .
so , how does a story of a murdering somnambulist ( `` sleepwalker `` ) from the 19th century translate into the 21st century ?
very well , i would say .
i had to watch the film recently for this essay and i was astounded at how well it held up , and this is a silent film from 1919 !
it was exciting , thrilling , twisted and conveyed on the screen what remembered nightmares are like .
they haunt you , but you are still afraid to talk about them , lest you be thought weird .
well , director robert wiene and stars werner krauss and conrad veidt ( who would later play major strasser in casablanca ) did n't worry about coming off as weird .
krauss plays the titular dr. caligari with such menace that in the scene where he applies to the town clerk for a permit to display his somnambulist cesare ( conrad veidt ) at the town fair , the head clerk laughs before giving permission , krauss gives him a look of such pure venom , that when the clerk is later found murdered , it really comes as no surprise .
plus it 's interesting to note that the black streaks in caligari 's hair appear to have been made by the same grease paint that dominates the set .
the basic story of the cabinet of dr. cabinet is that dr. caligari apparently travels from town to town with his somnambulist cesare and while in those towns he lets loose cesare , ( perhaps his id ?
) and kills anyone who gets on his nerves .
nice work if you can get it .
there does not appear to be any financial , romantic or vengeful motive for the mayhem .
this lack of motive may be why the film has resonated so deeply for almost a century .
this is why the film may have to be relegated to the level of a terrible dream wherein rationality and logic are thrown out the door and all we have are our dream friends and dream enemies and at least for me ( somewhat repressed as i am , but i 'm getting better ) they generally stay pretty well contained .
but , if ever i were to lose control and they were to become manifest ; it would be a bad day for a lot of people .

1
the cabinet of dr. caligari is based on a delusion of a madman .
whole film occurs in the studio , which is designed in an expressionistic way .
there are roads that go up to the sky , chairs with no sitting places , buildings which combine with unrealistic angles ... shooting the film outside the studio would have completely destroyed the film 's atmosphere .
it would have been weird to find out that a madman 's delusion is just like our reality .
because he is not expected to perceive things in the same ` normal ' way like we do , shooting the film in the studio and creating the madman 's own world was the only way to show the wickedness of his reality .
the cabinet of dr. caligari uses costumes in a functional way as well .
we see dr. caligari dressed in complete black colors and wearing an overcoat as if he is trying to inform us from the beginning that he is the villain of the movie .
on the other hand jane , francis ' love ( narrator ) , who is symbolizing purity and grace in his mind , is always seen in white dresses .
however , as the ending draws closer , when dr. caligari is seen sleeping in his bed , he is wearing a white costume .
as he was regarded as an innocent doctor by most people , his outlook changes to white as well .
at the same time the audience is implicitly warned that seeing a person dressed in white ( acting innocently ) does not mean that he/she is actually innocent .
also when dr. caligari comes to get a permit to exhibit at the fair he has a very bad posture .
he is leaning downwards and he is in one corner of the scene .
this makes us interpret that he is a sly person who is different from ` normal ' people .
lighting was one of the crucial points in caligari .
because of the financial problems of germany at that time , lights were painted .
there were also lots of contrast in terms of black and white as if trying to make a clear-cut distinction between the good and the evil .
when cesare comes to kill mr. alan ( francis ' friend ) , we see the murder from the shadows of both men .
also when cesare is on his way to kill jane , we see his shadow on the wall .
as he is wearing a black costume as well , there seems to be no difference of himself from his shadow probably meaning that he is a part of the night with his diseased soul .
however there 's hardly any camera movement in the film .
in caligari there is hardly any movement .
everything is stage-like and different angles are not usually used in one scene .
close-ups are usually done by narrowing the iris .
there was only one panning and it was in the police station when the wrong suspect was arrested .
camera made a slight pan movement in attempt to show the small crowd 's faces .
it seems that this movement does not hold an artistic importance in the film .
while caligari can be regarded as representing the complete authority of the government over its citizens , cesare seems to represent the obeying people .
in the film , caligari says that cesare has slept for 23 years meaning that people are made to do things and that they are not complaining while doing them .
on the whole , cabinet of dr. caligari is a masterful piece of german expressionism which every cinema lover should see at least twice in his life .

1
the cabinet of dr. caligari is an early german expressionist film in which the main character , francis , recounts his experiences with dr. caligari and his pet somnambulist , cesare .
a series of murders occurs after dr. caligari and cesare arrive at the village .
an investigation seeks to discover the murderer , while francis attempts to understand dr. caligari 's history .
the set design is excellent .
although all the unnatural sharp edges and distortions were awkward at first , they give the film an authentic comic book style .
it also imbues a unique flavor that is responsible for much of its timelessness .
the costume work is also great , especially on cesare .
his appearance reflects that of a puppet , which perfectly fits his role as a tool of dr. caligari .
dr. caligari definitely the image of a mad scientist , which grows as the film develops .
the protagonist , francis , has an basic image similar to cesare , but smaller and more human .
this sets up some interesting comparisons between the three central characters ( although you could argue that jane is a fourth major character ) .
in short , each character is distinct and likable , and of course well acted .
i would give the cabinet of dr. caligari a nod over the obvious film to compare it to , nosferatu .
both are excellent and should be seen by any movie buff , but dr. caligari offers more innovation and has a more satisfying conclusion .
if your interested in film noir or older horror films , do n't pass this one up !

1
apart from `` der golem , `` this is the original freak-out - `` the exorcist `` of its day .
produced under the oppressive weight of german expressionism , it has become a hallmark in cinema history .
it 's a real sight , and obvious inspiration for artists such as david lynch , jeunet & caro , and tim burton .
german actor conrad veidt plays the horrific somnambulist - he would later flee nazi germany to come to hollywood , where he found much work playing villains , most notably as ` major strasser ' in `` casablanca . ``

1
robert 's film is one of the most influential films ever made .
when i first started getting into film heavily , i wanted to know more about german expressionism .
i rented caligari and found out everything i needed to know .
when you consider the time in which this film was made , it is a cinematic achievement of great proportions .
if you are an average movie fan you probably wo n't care much for this silent classic .
if you love films however , caligari is breath-taking .

1
one of the first true horror films , the story features the sinister dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) and his sidekick , cesare ( conrad veidt ) , who sleepwalks a lot .
the general consensus among early critics was that the film anticipated the rise of hitler and fascism , with caligari as a stand-in for hitler , and the german people as sleepwalkers under his spell .
the plot is traditional in construct with its narrative continuity , to keep audiences engaged .
yet , characters are placed in a distorted world of angular shapes , tilted lines , and forms that are anything but traditional .
these jarring expressionistic visuals are wonderfully exaggerated , suggesting that story characters live in a nightmarish world of insanity from which they can not escape .
though the cinematography is in b & w , the copy i watched had a slight tint .
shadows combine with the visual angularity to magnify a sense of terror .
the film 's director uses the iris camera shot , which opens like an eye into a scene , then closes , then opens again to the next scene .
prod design and costumes are super drab and shabby , reflecting the extreme poverty of the era .
makeup is exaggerated .
casting is fine .
acting is what one would expect for the silent film era ... overly animated gestures and facial features ; and caligari walks around bug-eyed a lot , which to audiences , then , emphasized his evilness .
`` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` is a complex silent film that pulls together story traditionalism with the distorted visual forms of avant-garde art .
consistent with this intellectual and artistic vision , the film reflects deep cultural themes and implicitly projects societal trends .
viewers may find the story a tad slow .
i certainly could not identify with any of the strange characters .
yet it 's a must-see film for anyone interested in film history .
and those distorted visuals are mesmerizing .

1
i have watched this movie 3 times ; the first 2 times i was sort of in a flux about , you know , getting in the field of it and its set pieces ; everything was chiaroscuro and the shadows accompanied the mood of ambient lighting and it cast it through the dawn with a great amount of weight ; the 2nd time i watched it i was hooked to the mystique of caligari and how he operated the somnambulist to his own better advantage ; his science attire and the scoffing and spiteful look cemented him as a great archetype of that particular sage scientist .
now the third time watching it , i am able to truly appreciate everything - now understanding the distortions of an out of body world , the movie was made for people who can accept the escape into a journey ; you wo n't feel the experience jolt you but you do feel the static track intervening and forcing you to .
the unconventional way caligari presents his circus act was really the way the movie was drawn out - you can tell that with all the animation that feels in the background , this was a blueprint for the character .
the plot centers around circus ; werner krauss plays dr caligari , the owner of a mystery and a clerk .
he is a with this mystery .
the narrative starts off on a wall where they talk about the 1100 's of the myth of that time ; story is to be viewed from a different period in our own minds - and god what a wonderful and joyous period is represented !
his mystery is cesare , the somnambulist , played by conrad ( who was also in `` casablanca `` ) .
a prophesy is he , he predicts death for allen , a person who asked for his future to be told , and as opposed to telling him , he makes it .
it 's a brooding story , with shadows covering explicit death , and the culprit being the biggest twist of all time !
the etymology of the word `` twist `` was slowly changed after this movie .
the prestidigitation is staged in a slightly boring but as to deceive you in the later parts of the story that only stimulates caligari 's thirst for death .
the shadows truly do the saturnine characters ( if you mean everybody ) who are barely developed , but all in all , shocking .
it 's all thespian and it must be looked at as a theater in production value ; the isolated colour on caligari ( when it 's all black and it isolates him in one part ) is exciting and binding , keeping your attention on this very weird and disturbed individual .
my favourite part is when cesare conflicts with his love for a woman or subservience to his master ; he is instructed to kill her , but he is in a state of love for her as a victim .
of course , she frets and he nearly has no choice but to capture her .
the way he comes out of the coffin is really like how dracula would come out of his coffin ( the christopher lee version ) .
bits can be dragged out , like when they nearly arrest a culprit who nearly ends up not being it ; and the ending is threatening but it leaves nothing to the imagination .
however , in a positive light , the startling effects of the walls , rule of thirds of the people and the objectifying feeling give it wonderful charm .
there is not many movies like this and while it has influenced parts in metropolis ( 1927 ) and certainly opened the bar for new ideas , there is definitely never going to be a movie ( except metropolis ) that will ever quite match it ( there are more majestic movie , but in the sense that anything will ever fully imitate , it remains inimitable ) .
i 'm aware that there is 2005 remake that i have yet to see ; interestingly , i have heard that the backdrop to it is used but there is actually talking in it .
this may be detrimental to it , though .
but still the craftsmanship and the ghoulish mood make this a must for movie buffs .

1
this film , as is understood by anybody who takes even a second to research it , is basically the height of german expressionism .
it is the base of the psyche , an insanity so removed one begins to wonder if the movie is about insanity or if the makers were just insane .
a man tells his friend about the story of dr. caligari , a demented stranger who enters his town during a carnival with a somnambulist who can the future .
the story traces a murder mystery that treads down familiar paths , but the sheer audacity of the sets , costuming , music , and acting makes every moment unpredictable and confusing .
the only problem with this german silent great is that a few of the absolutely astounding sets are obviously stages .
otherwise this movie is perfect .
and creepy .
boy is it creepy .
the characters do n't even look real in their shapes and contortions sometimes , more like ventriloquist dummies or marionettes , though who would ever make such marionettes would probably need to be hospitalized .
the music itself is so creepy it could honestly stand alone without the image and some would n't even tell the difference .
actually , it 's mostly through the music that we 're able to even comprehend what 's going on , such is the twisted reality of the world we see .
this movie is right on the edge , and it seems any more added to it would have made it topple over .
it 's its own fine line between the abyss and security .
a must for fans of the absurd .
-- polarisdib

1
`` cabinet of dr. caligari `` is arguably the most popular and renowned example of german expressionism ; it outweighs `` nosferatu `` as the most prominent , well-known and influential film of its kind and its translation into the american audience has been greeted warmly , to say the least .
i 'm not so sure if , as a motion picture , it could really be graded against others .
this is a very early movie and as such it 's not altogether coherent and does n't feature a brilliant plot , to say the least .
of course technically speaking it is inferior to some other movies made nowadays ( as others on imdb have been pointing out in their reviews ) but so what !
the quality of the craftmanship on the awkward sets and wiene 's direction more than compensate for its story 's flaws .
yes , this is a very dated film in the sense that i do n't think any teenaged audiences would be able to sit through it , and even many adults would be put off by it .
it 's definitely for film buffs , so i do n't advise you to start playing it at your next get-together .
however , if you are enthusiastic about film , i 'm sure you 'll find plenty of things to appreciate and even cherish here , and there 's simply no arguing that the craft of the product is superb , rich and well-detailed -- forget cgi , this is true film-making .

1
i saw the newly restored version of this old classic and my hats off to the preservation folks for an excellent job .
i 'm a tremendous fan of german expressionist films and had never seen this , the granddaddy of them all .
what a treat ... the sets alone are worth the viewing .
it also has a spooky little story to tell with a nifty twist ending .
the cabinet of dr. caligari is on every cinemaphile 's `` must see `` checklist , and is well worth the rental even with its short running time of 67 minutes .
make certain that when you rent it you get the national film registry restoration copy , then sit back and enjoy .

1
i 've always been a fan of edward scissorhands , but after watching this film , i realized where tim burton may have gotten the idea for his film .
one of the great displays of german expressionism , i especially felt the score ( though added years later ) was quite moody , bringing out all of the emotions one should experience in a film like this .
the sets were so unusual , so strange , that the film felt more like a stage production coming to life on the screen .
a milestone in film , and one which should be continued to examined even after all of these years .

1
to watch `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` will mean more than just sitting do with some popcorn , a beer , and relaxing on the comfy chair .
it is an experience .
for a film that is old , it will mentally challenge , visually stun , and grossly entertain you for the mere 70-ish minutes that it lasts .
the version watched , the `` special collector 's edition `` streamed , also provided with flash cards that gave us this silent film 's voice .
yet , with all this strength , the film is n't without its flaws .
the brevity means quick segments , underdeveloped plot , and a twist that seems to come from left field .
watched within the availability of a group , there was decidedly a mixed feel about this film .
many enjoyed , and applauded , the german expressionism used to create the world , as it has been eerily used time and time again in modern cinema ( i.e . tim burton 's `` batman `` ) , yet others seemed to mock the unknown .
they followed the film throughout the course , confused as to when it was going to wrap up , and when it did -- the ending seemed more rushed than surprising .
while there were both applause and within the group , the one element that stood out -- which demonstrates the cinematic power of `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` `` -- is that they all wanted to see it again .
`` caligari `` introduces a new viewer to the world of german expressionism , and the creativity does n't stop there .
with bold , `` pee-wee 's playhouse `` - like doors , burton-esquire buildings , and a dream-like town , director robert wiene ( along with his set designer and cinematographer ) was well beyond the 1900s .
their vision proved that dark can be fun , that the unknown will still scare , and the mind , well , it is a terrible thing to waste .
imagine watching this film in 1920 , when the cinema was still an infant .
the sheer horror that audiences would have felt ooze from the screen , it is dark , it is disturbing , and - even with standards today - it is scary .
audiences beware , this is no `` saw `` or `` hostel `` , but the creativity behind this feature is stronger than these modern `` classics `` .
the argument could even be presented that if it were n't for this film , the horror genre would n't exist today .
`` caligari `` is that impressive .
for those that have n't seen , be prepared .
this film worked because of what our group was considerably mixed on , the unknown .
for me , the uniqueness of the story allowed for depth and the macabre to soak through .
couple this with the visuals , and `` caligari `` transforms into more than just pioneering cinema - it becomes a grandiose story that requires several viewings in darkened rooms .
the cerebral nature keeps conversation flowing and that `` unknown `` that i have spoken of , strong .
yet , there is a fault with this film .
while i praise the story , cinematography , and the twist ; the development was a bit slow at times .
perhaps it is the fast-paced nature of today 's movies , but the center of this film seemed to drag and push nowhere .
the pacing begins strong , with an introduction into two stranded unknowns , but as the reveal occurs , one can find themselves dozing off - questioning the reason for one scene over the other ( i.e . the entire wrong murder suspect ) .
yes , the value of those scenes do sense , but for a 70-ish minute long film , there were moments that were difficult to enjoy .
also , perhaps it is just this special edition , but the dialogue seemed a bit too uplifting for this film .
yes , they were easy to read , yes , the first couple were fun to see , but overall , the choice of these over your typical ones created a missing sense of dread .
the dark elements seemed lighter , while the light elements seemed more positive than they should have been .
if there were a fault with this film , it would be these small issues .
i believe that the kino edition perhaps does a stronger job with the issues .
due to the brevity of this film , i do n't want to sound repetitive with the elements that i loved vs. those that i could have done without , so - to wrap this review up - here are two breathtaking , and innovative , scenes from this film that will go down in cinematic infamy .
the use of `` special effects `` to show the insanity of the word `` caligari `` thus into a surprising transformation .
unique for its time , it also showed that this film not only was bold visually , but also technically .
the second scene that was favored was when our suspected murder walks away with our quintessential damsel in distress .
the camera work , the artwork , the way the body looks real , but obviously is n't was planned precisely .
these are two strong scenes from an already great film .
overall , despite my minor setbacks when watching this , i loved `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` .
the visuals ( again ) were stunning , the story was breathtaking , and the originality of everyone involved far surpasses that of which is released today .
the closest i could come to would be terry gilliam , old tim burton , or fritz lang ( who was originally asked to direct this film ) .
i suggest this to everyone , horror fanatics or not - this is just a great film and a strong piece of cinematic history .
grade : ***** out of *****

1
the cabinet of dr. caligari is one of the films that is often mentioned when it comes to german expressionism , and the reason for that is simple - it 's one of the best .
robert wiene 's horror classic epitomises the style of the era that it stems from , and takes in all of the classic elements including surreal sets , thick make-up for the actors and melodramatic performances all round .
i wont be pretentious and say that this film has n't aged , or that it can stand up against modern horror films on the same virtues ; but in it 's own way , the cabinet of dr. caligari has survived the test of time because the talent that it took to make it is still recognised today , and that is the reason that the film is still so highly revered .
the plot follows a travelling fair man , dr caligari , and his somnambulist , caesar .
after asking caesar how long he will live and being replied with ` until dawn ' , alan is murdered and the somnambulist finds himself at the wrong end of the .
taking alan 's wife jane and running away , the somnambulist dies of exhaustion ... but the story is n't over there , as the mystery of the doctor himself is still to be discovered !
the sets used in the cabinet of dr. caligari are absolutely fabulous .
their lopsided appearance helps to give the film a dreamlike atmosphere , and this in turn helps the audience to buy into the movie because it allows the film to create it 's own reality .
i do n't usually go into silent films expecting a story that will rival modern day films when it comes to plot twists or intricacies ; but this film delivers even on that front !
the twist to the story is really surprising , especially for the fact that variants of it are still being used today !
this is where the brilliance of the film really shines through , as writers hans janowitz and carl mayer created a story capable of today 's audience all those years ago .
it 's really difficult to rate acting in silent films , as it 's completely different to modern day acting ; but it does n't take a genius to work out that werner krauss ' performance in the title role is worthy of praise .
his screen presence is extraordinary , and he makes every scene that he 's in .
on the whole , this is one of the benchmarks of silent cinema - and if you 're a film fan , you need to see the cabinet of dr. caligari .

1
this film is a must-see for lovers of silent cinema and is the first great film of the horror genre .
that does not mean it was the first .
while among the earliest horror tales , i say it is the first `` great `` one because it is a full-length film and has excellent production values .
in fact , in many ways it 's a wonderful film because it has such strange and over-the-top scenery representing the german expressionist movement -- with very surreal scenery and fantastic geometric designs .
you just have to see it to believe it -- it 's that weird and original , plus it really adds to the dream-like quality of the film .
also , it rises to the level of greatness due to the fact that the film is not just a horror film but goes much deeper .
i have always felt that great sci-fi or horror always has this greater depth and is usually a metaphor for modern life .
the story is about the evil dr. caligari who is a traveling showman who uses his `` somnambulist `` ( i.e . , guy in a permanent sleepwalking state ) to do his evil bidding .
the account is given by a man who is trying to warn everyone about the doctor 's evil plans .
but , what more plot there is i will leave up to you so as not to spoil it .
the only negative about the film at all is that it is a bit plodding here and there and the emotion is a little over-the-top even for the silent era .
but , you also must understand that when the movie was being made in , this film still represented an improvement over the standard drama of the day and over-acting was more tolerable then than it is now .

1
all cinema is artificial , and there is no getting away from this no matter how much of a realist you try to be .
and while authenticity and naturalistic performances are a necessity for drama , there are some types of picture in which a deliberate flaunting of artificiality is not only acceptable , it is a positive benefit .
by this point in his career , german comedy director ernst lubitsch had developed a unique brand of slapstick , the hallmark of which was absurdity and exaggeration .
in lubitsch 's world , almost anything can happen , and often does .
the stories he dreamed up with his regular collaborator hanns were always whimsical and fairy , but the doll is perhaps their most fantastical of all .
in it we have a lifelike mechanical doll , and a flesh-and-blood woman pretending to be the doll .
rather than go overboard trying to make this look as convincing as possible , lubitsch takes things the other way , and stages the whole thing in a phoney and theatrical land , complete with wooden sets , painted backdrops and pantomime horses .
in such a setting , the premise of the picture becomes workable .
aside from this , the comic stylings of the early lubitsch farces were becoming increasingly refined .
as usual there are lots of jokes based around ridiculous numbers of people doing the same thing in unison , or the expressions of characters in reaction .
here lubitsch shows the confidence to have many of these gags play out in long , unbroken takes , with hilarious results , such as the long shot of lancelot being chased round the town by a huge gang of women , followed by his elderly uncle , followed by a servant with the uncle 's medication .
often the careful placement of actors means our attention is drawn to the right spot at the right time , as oppose to overdoing a gag with a jolting cut .
an example of this is the uncle 's servant 's very funny reaction to lancelot 's suggestion that the uncle get married .
lubitsch has the servant to one side of the screen , where it seems natural for him to be , but closest to the camera so his face is clear and we instantly notice when his expression begins to change .
as the eponymous doll , we have here another triumphant performance from ossi .
while individual actors were used almost like cogs in lubitsch 's machine , there is no denying that was surely a great comedienne in her own right .
here she shows impeccable control and timing , as she is forced to instantaneously snap in and out of being herself and acting as the doll .
she also has a lot of fun pulling faces in this one .
honourable mentions go to hermann thimig , who is clownish enough to make a lead man in this silly setting , and gerhard , who despite being a youngster manages to steal every scene he is in .
it 's a shame these two did not have more distinguished screen careers , but of course it 's worth bearing in mind that many of these players were more successful on the stage .
speaking of which , it 's possible that some viewers might be put off by the theatrical artifice of this picture .
there is a rather depressingly naã¯ve school of thought among some cineastes that film is film and theatre is theatre , and for film to make itself like theatre is to somehow straitjacket itself .
but as we have seen , lubitsch 's creation of a self-confessed unreal world has given him greater freedom in staging his bizarre humour .
another german director , fritz lang , used a similar approach in his films of the 20s and early 30s albeit for a very different effect , whereby he created macabre and stylised art deco cities in which all kinds of comic-book adventures could take place .
and in the doll , when we see characters sleepwalking over rooftops or being carried away by a bunch of helium balloons , it is reminds me more than anything of the world of cartoons , in which the only limitation is the skills and imagination of the animators .
with pictures like this , lubitsch was really setting his genius free .

1
the early 21st century has witnessed increasing debate about the world 's energy resources ; the production , control and distribution of oil and electricity carries not only political and financial implications , but ethical ones as well .
hans werckmeister 's algol , made shortly after the first world war , when coal shortages and rising energy costs were crippling the already weimar republic ( germany ) , is a mirror of contemporary concerns surrounding the technology of the modern age .
the algol 's `` gift `` to robert herne , the hard-working ( played by emil jannings ) , is the secret to building a perpetual energy source powerful enough to light the whole world .
yet robert herne ultimately is seduced by the power this device brings him as the `` ruler of the world `` , and refuses to surrender the secrets of the machine for the good of mankind .
robert 's ideological counterpart is maria ( hanna ralph ) , his one-time girlfriend and co-worker in the coal mine , who disapproves of his greed and retreats to a neighboring agrarian country to live off the land .
this contrast between industrialized modernity ( typically represented by decadent , stylized expressionist sets ) and traditional agrarian society ( represented by naturalism , scenes shot outdoors , and use of realistic sets ) is a striking aspect of werckmeister 's film .
the construction of the narrative ( consisting of a prologue and four acts ) is carefully balanced , with effective character development .
direction , photography , and performances are all uniformly excellent .
the ( perhaps too abrupt ) ending brings about an epiphany for robert herne , who comments ironically on his fate .

1
tin lizzie , that is , a model t .
this is a beautifully constructed silent comedy of a man and his car .
lloyd lloyd was the model for later hal roach comedians , and his plots and situations were recycled for later comedians .
here , it is done in its pure form .

1
harold lloyd 's most famous movies really were n't slapstick films , as they were n't nearly violent enough and had way too much plot to be considered `` slapstick `` .
the slapstick films originally had the barest of plots and most consisted of people hitting or kicking each other , pie fights and lots of falls and accidents .
while some of these are seen in lloyd 's films in the 20s and 30s , he really made films that were a little deeper and generally more enjoyable .
this being said , this film is a great example of slapstick and what lloyd 's films were like up until he matured as an actor .
it is also very similar to the films done in the by keystone and roach studios .
in fact , arbuckle , chaplin and keaton did many slapstick style films during this time .
it 's nice to see lloyd 's take on this style of film -- especially because despite having a weaker plot , the action and silliness of this film are first-rate and the film deserves a rating of 9 .
for what it is , it is exceptional .

1
funny lloyd short is plenty on laughs as lloyd goes to great limits to win the heart of a girl .
is n't that the basic plot of all the silent shorts from all the screen comics .
there is the girl you have to the get and the laughs come from the approach .
today 's comic have women in the movies but they are prizes that are given to the comic , not chased or earned in today 's movies , id est the female love interest does not function as the macguffin which is the case in all the good silent comedies .
that said , there are cops following harold as he is acting very suspiciously for he is trying to dispose of a purse that he did not steal .
as he tries to do this , making phone calls with a crying child , scenes on a rollercoaster all combine to deliver the laughs and finally , a bitter-sweet ending is the perfect coda to the of the female hunt .

1
just watched this harold lloyd short on the dvd `` the cook and other treasures `` .
it takes place in an amusement park in orange park , california .
plenty of gags involving a girl ( mildred 's future wife ) , rival roy brooks ( who 'd become lloyd 's assistant later on ) , telephone booths , a dog , a purse , a merry-go-round , and a little black boy who 'd later become a member of the original `` our gang `` ( ernie morrison ) .
producer/director hal roach appears in silhouette early on .
also early on is a gag involving a roller coaster and hats that provides the start of consistent laughs that i give through most of this entertaining short .
the scene with the telephone booths and operators mixing up various calls was also one of the most hilarious in the short .
i think i 've said enough so on that note , i highly recommend number , please ?

1
harold lloyd wants back the girl , mildred davis , she has new boyfriend , roy brooks , does n't want to lose the girl.the girl has lost her dog in an amusement park , so the boys try to find the dog and the way to her heart.the girl has a uncle and he gives her a pass for two in his balloon , but there must be her mother 's approval said than , please ?
( 1920 ) is directed by hal roach and fred c. is also seen in the movie playing a is a great short comedy with many 's funny when the dog is caught in the merry-go-round .
the sequence where harold tries to make a call at the telephone booth is most lady gives him her baby who wo n't stop 's a lot of fun to watch harold with the is a treat for all the harold lloyd fans .

1
`` the parson 's widow `` is one of the best silent films that i have ever seen .
its images , its pace , and its themes all blend together into one fine production from the young director carl theodor dreyer .
since the plot of the film is well-covered by other reviewers , i will focus on other elements of the film .
the photography of the film is rich and subtle , just what one would expect of the film 's director .
the opening scene of a waterfall is one of the many refreshing norwegian country images that enliven this film .
in some cases , the photography also reveals the characters ' inner states of mind .
the scene where the young minister gets drunk is photographed through a diffuser ; the images look fuzzy and indistinct .
this diffuser is removed and the image becomes clear again when the minister sobers up .
again , the photography of the film is quite clever and contributes greatly to experience of watching the `` the parson 's widow `` .
the period flavor is also excellent .
the film was produced in the historical village of lillehammer , norway .
the film exudes the feeling of life in seventeenth century europe .
churchgoers are herded into pews , and the elders are instructed to tap them on the shoulder with a stick when they fall asleep during the sermons .
one can almost feel the environment where the drama plays itself out .
perhaps the only flaw in `` the parson 's widow `` is its performances .
the performances are pretty good , but the fast pace of the film ( it is about seventy minutes long ) makes it difficult for any of the performers to shine brightly .
`` the parson 's widow `` is definitely ; little time is allowed for the actors and actresses to establish bits of business that might deepen their characterizations .
all the same , `` the parson 's widow `` is a small masterpiece and i recommend its viewing to all persons interested in the themes of love , death or religion .
enthusiasts of carl theodor dreyer should be doubly pleased by this remarkable drama .

1
... that 's what a reviewer stated in the `` moving picture world `` in 1920 .
he also went on to say that it was a better quality production than some of hart 's more recent movies and even though i have only seen a handful , this is definitely a superior hart film .
william s. hart was trying to strive for a greater variety in his films - movies that featured him in more urban settings and playing men of different occupations .
he was also determined to try to recapture the simple days when his only concern was his little western company and he did n't have to get involved with business and who owned what asset ( he and ince had already been to court with a series of lawsuits and at 55 he had had enough of wrangling ! !
) .
unlike what another reviewer said `` sand `` did n't refer to hart 's horse ( he was called `` the boss `` ) but was another name for grit and dan ( hart ) , after years in the wilderness , needed plenty of that .
he is on his way to condor to replace an old station agent who is being forced to retire but when he realises that the old timer is his sweetheart 's father he refuses the job .
pop assures him he has another job but it is all part of joseph 's plan to have both pop and margaret working at his shop so he can be free to romance margaret without interference .
this was a chance for hart to make a more contemporary film and he seized the opportunity .
the first thing i noticed was the absence of the flowery and overly poetic titles that were a hart trademark , in their place were shorter conversational titles that forwarded the narrative .
when dan meets up with peter , margaret overhears him excitedly asking about an old and dear friend and immediately assumes it is another woman .
it is really his horse and the love that hart exhibits toward `` the boss `` has much power and emotion .
there is another girl , peppy josie kirkwood ( patricia palmer ) , but she has long loved dan 's friend peter .
the villain is joseph and after a leisurely 20 minutes things get started .
the safe is broken into , conveniently when dan is otherwise engaged , but the robbers get nothing because dan has forgotten to deposit the money .
dan is also hot on the trail of a desperate `` mexican `` gang who rob trains then mysteriously disappear while crossing the river but the information he receives allows him to surprise them just before their next hold up ! ! !
patricia palmer had a very colourful history .
that was just one of the many aliases she used to escape notoriety , her real name being margaret gibson and on her death bed she made the confession that she was the murderer of william desmond taylor .
it all seemed to tie in with events at the time as from the beginning of her hollywood career there were arrests for vagrancy and opium dealing .
she then returned to hollywood as patricia palmer but not long after taylor 's death she disappeared , resurfacing with yet another alias before she eventually left the country .
highly recommended .

1
from a bare description of the toll gate 's major plot elements , one might think it 's a revisionist western of the 60s or 70s .
* our hero is a robber , killer , and arsonist ; * the love interest is a single mother whose shiftless husband abandoned her and their child ; * twice our criminal hero is `` unofficially `` released by authorities in return for some good deed , and this is presented as a praiseworthy act ; * the only acts which are presented as truly evil are the betrayal of one 's family and the betrayal of a criminal associate ; * the hero tries to go straight , but turns back to a life of crime after he ca n't get a job ; * the hero is on the run from both a sheriff 's posse and a criminal gang ; * the hero 's final redemption is accomplished by strangling a man with his bare hands and tossing his body over a cliff ; * and the `` good bad man `` ends the film by sending the young mother and her child back to civilization and riding off alone into the mexican desert , never ( presumably ) to pay for his life of crime .
just goes to show you that there is nothing new under the sun .
of course , the toll gate does n't display quite the cynicism or moral nihilism of its successors : the hero 's redemption is set up when he surrenders to the posse after reading a passage from the bible .
ca n't quite imagine clint eastwood doing that .
the toll gate an excellent movie by any standard , and hart was a very fine actor , not given to the broad histrionics often used to convey emotion in the days before sound .
9/10 .

1
by 1920 the pace was beginning to tell on william s. hart .
gone were the free and easy but busy days when he had called the shots over his little western company .
he was now over 50 and had just finished two strenuous speaking tours in between films .
he had also become involved in a number of lawsuits , one involving triangle films , another with thomas h. ince .
in addition he was looking to settle down to marriage with dreams of a large and loving family but unfortunately that was n't to be .
he had already proposed to a number of actresses and anna q. nilsson , his co-star in `` the toll gate `` was one of them but maybe because of his `` victorian `` type of manner he was always disappointed .
`` the toll gate `` is an allegorical term for the barrier that keeps desperate outlaw black deering ( hart ) from the natural joys of family life .
the gang has never been captured all thanks to deering and his many devious ploys including water trails and having their headquarters in a hard to reach cave .
deering wants to disband , he feels they should quit before they 're caught but there is dissension in the ranks as jordan , a shifty outsider wants them to pull one last job which will net them over $ 40,000 .
that 's because he has betrayed them to the local sheriff and instead of a straightforward train robbery they ride into a blood bath .
the captain recognises the captured deering as the man who rode 80 miles to warn the fort of an approaching indian attack and the guards , who remember what might have happened to their wives and children if not for deering , help him escape ! !
he finds himself in which just happens to be where jordan has bought himself a saloon with his `` blood money `` and is the real villain of the town according to the sheriff , him and his band of mexican riders .
there is a blazing gun battle - deering fires at jordan but hits a townsman but in his effort to get to the border is waylaid when he saves a cute little tyke who has fallen in the river .
the mother mary returns the favour by helping him pose as her deserted husband , hopefully to send the police on a false trail but they are suspicious of the pair and settle around the homestead for the night .
the critics of the day were full of praise for the realism of hart 's depiction of the west .
hart had announced in another paper that it was the best western he had produced but `` `` ( 25 , 1920 ) felt that statement was `` a little strong `` .
with `` the toll gate `` hart turned more and more to domestic happiness and richard , the cute little boy whose cries of `` `` were the catalyst for hart 's surrender , often featured in his films .
the climax comes when deering , realising that the missing husband is really jordan and again that mary has never really known a good man , prepares to do the `` white `` thing ( that phrase abounds in this movie ) by giving himself up - a very unconventional ending and why hart 's westerns are so far above the average .
there is also a chance to see hart 's legendary pony fritz being put through his paces .
highly recommended .

1
skilled early film makers , like d. w. griffith , made the most of the technology available at the time .
way down east , produced in 1920 , is an exciting visual experience with dramatic views of natural hazards like snow storms and ice strewn rivers .
there are also romanticized pastoral settings that serve , in one way , to evoke the past , and , in another , to make the harsh environment scenes seem even harsher .
a title tells us that the film occurs in the recent past , but most of the film looks like 20 to 30 years before 1920 , or about 1890 or 1900 .
lillian gish 's costumes are deliberately old-fashioned , and richard barthelmess 's character seems based on the ideal 1900 's man : strong but sensitive .
cars , telephones , and electricity are kept to a minimum .
in the united states in 1920 many rural areas were 30 years behind , but griffith 's intention is not accuracy as much as mood .
setting the story in the vague past suggests a nobler , more romantic era .
griffith does not seem to be an actor 's director .
a few of the supporting performances are hideously exaggerated , while some of the stronger performances , like that of mary hay , give the impression of originating from the artist .
lillian gish 's naturalness and inherent screen magnetism are well-suited for such a directorial environment .
she gives a believable , appealing performance .
this was a popular , culturally influential film .
it is easy to understand how thrilling it must have been to 1920 audiences .

1
an old stage melodrama , written by lottie blair parker and first performed around 1895 , the story was old fashioned even in 1920 .
d. w. griffith paid $ 175,000 for the film rights and a lot of people thought he was mad .
as a film for his `` muse `` , lillian gish , griffith knew exactly what he was doing .
he made the story seem so fresh and new and the `` last minute rescue `` on the ice was n't found in the original play at all .
`` a simple story of plain people `` was set in new england and lillian gish plays anna moore - the first scene she plays only with her expressive eyes and they show her every thought .
it was truly wonderful acting .
anna is going to stay at her cousins , the , in the hope that they will help her mother financially .
she is allowed to dress for the ball , although not invited to attend .
an eccentric aunt ( florence short ) has other ideas and with a more alluring dress makes anna the belle of the ball .
anna makes the acquaintance of lennox sanderson ( a very dapper lowell sherman ) , a wealthy womanizer , who determines to seduce anna .
he persuades her to agree to a secret marriage performed by a friend that he has paid , to impersonate a clergyman .
lillian gish is so poignant and moving as anna - at first so wide eyed and fluttering as an innocent country girl , then as the grieving young mother forced to her own baby before it dies , she gives an spellbinding performance ! ! !
she is forced to leave the lodgings because of gossip and the scene where she is trudging up the road , alone and forlorn , leaves a lump in your throat .
she finds work at squire bartlett 's ( burr mcintosh ) residence , where she meets david ( richard barthelmess ) .
it seems sanderson lives nearby and warns her to leave .
david sees that she is upset and begs her to stay .
she soon becomes a beloved member of the family , although the stern puritans know nothing of her past .
the land lady from the lodging house visits the local sewing circle group , sees anna passing and then tells all she knows about her which is quickly passed on to the squire .
he promptly turns anna out into a raging snow storm and what a storm it was ! ! !
the ice scene looked so real because it was .
seymour , originally given the role mary hay inherited , supposedly died from exposure to the almost artic conditions of the location .
lillian gish recalls suggesting letting her arm and hair fall over the ice floe for dramatic effect and three weeks later she claimed her arm still felt like an icicle .
it did n't originally receive praise from everyone - alexander from `` the screen `` seemed to think the ice was papier mache and robert benchley from `` life `` gave a slightly satirical review .
they were both from 1920 .
i gave it 9 out of 10 .
i also agree it was slightly too long and there was a bit too much `` unfunny `` humour as well .
highly recommended .

1
: way down east ( 1920 ) - released ; viewed .
the war breaks out .
joan of arc is canonized as a saint by pope benedict xv .
the first commercial radio station in america opens in detroit .
the 19th amendment is passed , guaranteeing women 's suffrage .
births : james doohan , hank ketcham , toshiro mifune , jack webb , pope john paul ii , shelley winters , ray bradbury , charlie parker .
doug : although i did nod off for a bit of this one ( a 15-minute nap cured me ) , we managed to get through this 2-hour 30-minute show without any fast-forwarding .
i must say , i 'm starting to get used to lillian gish 's face .
those doe-eyes , that cute little mouth , that little bob haircut she wears so well .
this was also the most genuinely compelling silent movie we 've watched so far .
i was really sucked into her character 's plight , having to deal with the slimy lowell sherman , the callous old-world polygamist you just love to hate .
the final sequence on the ice was truly riveting .
i found myself wondering how they filmed the scene , and then when i could n't , i just got sucked in further .
i had heard about this sequence ( gish got permanent nerve damage in her left hand from having it drenched in the cold water for hours on end ) , but i did n't know it was in this movie .
and hey , richard barthelmess is back , this time playing a real white guy .
i also noticed that this movie seemed to have what could be called `` sound effects , `` of people getting slapped or things getting hit .
( i realize now that this is just a product of the soundtrack ; most silent films released today come with soundtracks that were recorded decades later that include appropriate music and sound effects .
) kevin : on september 3 , 1920 , hotshot motion picture director d.w. griffith released yet another film masterpiece , way down east , yet again with the wonderful lillian gish .
now this was a really good movie .
we had trouble dozing off in the middle , as often happens watching movies regardless of quality , so we paused it and rested for fifteen minutes .
that seemed to do the trick .
some new things happening with this film .
now the characters have names , anna and sanderson , instead of `` dear one `` and `` mountain girl . ``
i 'm sure that had been done before , but it 's the first time we 've seen it here .
there were also sound effects .
not much , just a few knocks and slaps .
anyway , i liked this film a lot .
the romance was great , very compelling , with very rich characters .
that final sequence on the ice was perfect .
i was really on the edge of my seat .
i remembered an afi special where they mentioned the business about lillian gish 's hand being in the frozen cold water for hours .
about two thirds into this movie , i was reminded of that sequence , and wondered if this was the movie that had it .
seeing it made me feel very confidant about the list we 've compiled .
mom kept asking why we were watching these old movies , and we tried to answer her as best we could .
after seeing this movie and liking it so much , i think we just want to watch lots of really good movies .
last film viewed : broken blossoms ( 1919 ) .
last film chronologically : the cabinet of dr. caligari ( 1920 ) .
next film viewed : the kid ( 1920 ) .
next film chronologically : the mark of zorro ( 1920 ) .
the movie odyssey is an exhaustive , chronological project where we watch as many milestone films as possible , starting with d.w. griffith 's intolerance in 1916 and working our way through , year by year , one film at a time .
we also write a short review for each and every film .
in this project , we hope to gain a deeper understanding of the time period , the films of the era , and each film in context , while at the same time just watching a lot of great movies , most of which we never would have watched otherwise .

1
way down east is a great film , a classic of the silent era .
other reviewers have brought out the main characteristics of the film and its plot , so i wo n't bother , but i must add that i found myself shaking my head and smiling incredulously at d.w. griffith 's preaching via the title cards about the hurt and pain that unfaithfulness can bring .
no one can refute that fact , but in this particular movie d.w. 's moralizing was completely hypocritical , since at the time the film was made ( 1920 ) he was having an affair with the actress carol dempster , and his own wife was estranged from him .
the film would have worked out just as well , and indeed have been better and smoother , without the in his title cards warning against infidelity .
if you are a director who lives a moral life , by all means , preach to the audience .
but hold the lectures if you yourself are not practicing the morality you preach .
i give way down east a 9 out of 10 .
without the moralizing in the title cards i would have given it a straight 10 .

1
if way down east has been newly restored since the kino vhs , then my initial disappointment is obsolete .
one much watch silent films with a sympathetic view , understanding that much of the editing , jarring grain changes , and nitrate deterioration are not the fault of the filmmakers - who had , by 1920 , locked down the basics of film grammar still used today - but subject to the laws of nature , and must be imagined in their original state as one must do while walking through the ruins of the roman forum .
one reel into this so-called `` victorian melodrama , `` and every jerky cut and washed out sky are hidden behind the remarkable acting talents of gish as anna moore .
`` the gish close-up , `` is often used in to illustrate the subtle nuances of emotion rippling across a lusciously lit face .
gish was blessed with a blowin ' - beauty that translates soliloquies to rival shakespeare ; her presence and skill alone is worth the epic three hours .
also remarkable , and a must-see for film and editing students everywhere , is the thrilling rescue sequence across an icy connecticut river .
though logic tells us many of the scenes must have been faked , it is impossible to tell and one is doubly chilled at the thought of not only the characters in such a desperate position , but the actors as well ... and before the age of stunt doubles .
for those interested in griffith , it is arguably his last masterpiece before his slow decline in the twenties ( unless one counts `` america `` ) , and his last blockbuster .
the `` victorian `` values griffith expounded in positive , creative - if sometimes ignorant - ways were simply not in keeping with the hedonistic tendencies of the jazz age .
the melodrama of `` way down east , `` is surrounded by so much humor , character , and scenery that one is swept away from modern cynicism ... for a while .

1
it 's hard to believe that back in the early 1920s , larry semon was one of the top movie comics -- as he is practically unheard of today .
in fact , i think the only reason i found this short on dvd was because like many of semon 's films , his co-star was oliver hardy and this film was part of passport video 's `` the laurel or hardy collection `` -- films featuring one or the other before they were permanently teamed in 1927 .
while i have never been a huge larry semon fan , i have seen a few dozen of his films and appreciate that he can be exceptionally funny and his stunts amazing to watch .
unfortunately , this is not the norm , as most of semon 's films are rather mediocre for the genre .
however , i was very , very happy to see that this was not a typical semon film but one where all the action and plotting worked perfectly -- producing one of the funnier comedy shorts of the 1920s i have seen .
while it lacks the sophistication and polish of the best of keaton and lloyd , for laughs it 's hard to beat this film .
i particularly loved the scene where he tried to get the mouse off the customer -- you 'd have to see it to believe it .
plus , in this film the stunt-work is very high energy and amazing -- particularly the huge falls through the trapdoor from one floor to another .
i do n't know how they did this dangerous work without someone being killed ! !
funny , high-paced , and coming together like a true work of art , this is larry semon at his absolute finest .

1
` how do i love keaton ?
let me count the ways ... ' as i watch more and more of buster keaton 's films , i find myself reduced to a state of abject adoration that i am at an almost complete loss to convey ; it 's easier by far to comment on the individual elements that may disappoint in any given film , but this totally fails to reflect the sheer degree of enthusiasm that they create .
yet again i 'm struggling to find words -- the shorts are funnier , the features are more touching , and i would n't have missed any one of them .
the landscapes of my mind 's eye have become peopled by a positive kaleidoscope of busters , tumbling , leaping , hapless or inspired , resigned to the inevitable but endlessly alert to the passing balletic chance .
i 've roared with laughter and gasped in surprise and had my heart melted in sympathy ; i 've marvelled at his athletics and been astounded at the range of his acting .
in short , in the space of twenty-odd films and the passage of a month , i have simply become an utter buster keaton addict .
`` haunted house `` i particularly liked -- better , in fact , than `` the electric house `` with which it is unfavourably compared , merely because the structure of the latter is comic-strip predictable : gadgets introduced , gadgets go wrong .
`` haunted house `` has the lunatic juxtapositions that are keaton 's craft at its best , as his hero gets mixed up with bank robbers , opera singers and a counterfeiters ' conspiracy -- the sheer ingenuity and variety of the jokes that can be based around a single staircase had the audience in stitches , as every time we thought we knew what was going to happen , buster came up with a fresh approach to the problem !
the film has been dismissed as consisting merely of two disjointed halves , but `` sherlock jr `` -- where the famous dream sequence is almost totally without effect on the main plot -- demonstrates that this is no drawback .
certainly in the case of `` haunted house `` one would not wish to lose either part .
the introductory sequence , where buster inadvertently finds himself in a position to save the day , only to become a scapegoat , is classic keaton comedy .
the second part takes the place of the extended chase to which such a plot line would normally lead , with all the parties converging on the same booby-trapped building to terrify the wits out of each other ... until , that is , buster 's `` little idiot `` , dismissed by the villains as harmless , is the one to work out what 's going on .
this development , of course , enables keaton to have the best of both worlds , milking the comic possibilities first of his character 's horror and then of his blasã© scepticism -- one sequence is where he steps in to take control of the spook ` traffic ' !
even self-possession and preparation , however , are n't necessarily going to help him with that staircase ... in the space of its brief twenty minutes , this surreal short film features an amazing trick photography shot , some classic sticky mime , deadpan titles , long-running gags with a multiple twist , the cloak of mephistopheles , a celestial fantasy , plus a bonus ten-second seduction of buster -- what 's not to love ?
; - )

1
a clumsy bank employee , the bank manager and his daughter , some bank robbers , some police and the daredevil theatrical troupe , who 've just been booed off stage during their production of faust , all collide in a haunted house which the bank robbers use as their hideout .
so many priceless moments , some good , and 100 % great fun .
another really great short comedy from buster keaton .
highlights : as usual , the ending !
buster running past camera , looking directly into it , the whole glue sequence , the self-referential theatrical production and more i ca n't remember right now ... not that i 've ever seen a keaton movie i did n't like , but i recommend this one too !

1
some people -- to paraphrase mel brooks -- call buster keaton a genius .
but that 's both too little and too much to give him credit ; einstein was a genius , keaton ... is incredible .
in the fatty arbuckle films he 's amusing in what we tend to put down as a ` ' way , a -lcb- by and large -rcb- straight-faced clown in a world of food fights , cross-dressing , clumsy cops and general anarchy .
after exposure to a few hours of these i was , frankly , ready to write keaton off as simply another slapstick act -- in the arbuckle shorts he 's reasonably funny but nothing to rave over .
and then , suddenly , in the middle of the programme , came `` the high sign `` ... and it knocked me for six here , there , and into the middle of next week .
as a solo debut it 's nothing short of astounding .
it 's the spectacle of a great talent emerging fully-formed and all at once into unique existence , like athena from the head of zeus .
from the opening scene , the style , the humour , the devices , the sheer * intelligence * are instantly , blazingly original : this is n't just ` silent comedy ' to be laughed at and over by the modern public with an air of faint condescension , it 's surreal and hilarious and utterly gifted to side-splitting effect by anyone 's standard .
it was like nothing i 'd ever seen before .
and the audience reaction -- from the former good-natured ` 's - ' laughter to the sudden roar of genuine surprise and delight -- was instant and electric .
suddenly , it was we who were eighty years behind the times , belated recipients of a moment of magic .
director , acrobat , actor , , cinematographer , stuntman ... for the first time buster keaton was set free into the universe of his own imagination , with confidence , grace and meticulous inventive brilliance , and before our eyes -- how could we not know it ?
-- a star was born .
even more incredible to learn , and yet true , is the fact that keaton himself rejected and suppressed this first film as insufficiently original , holding up release for a year : no-one ever saw it at the time .
he knew he could do better and , unbelievably , he was right .
but that 's another story ...

1
although `` the high sign `` is a short film and not very well known , in many ways it is one of keaton 's best .
it is non-stop entertainment , especially because the plot is very nearly irrelevant and the gags are so constant .
what makes this so special in the development of movie comedy are the shooting gallery scene and the trapdoor house .
these are examples of quintessential american slapstick , and they have been copied hundreds of time since 1921 .
there is also one small special effect in the midst of all the comedy that really caught my eye : someone spikes keaton 's drink with either ( we are not told ) and keaton sips it .
he can tell it is spiked , and looks into the cup , and we see in the drink the image of the rear of a horse kicking it 's hind legs .
this obvious allusion to the ` drink with a kick ' is not only funny , but it is the essence of cinema : show not tell .
i highly recommend this one for anyone looking for a short , innovative , hilarious comedy .

1
max fleischer keeps losing the tip of his fountain pen in the inkwell .
it seems koko 's been removing those tips from inside .
max does n't want to play with him on the drawing board so he draws an exit door for him to go through .
koko just dances around so max draws chains on him and uses a sticker to keep him in one place .
thinking of a better idea , max then uses invisible ink to draw a bike and some gymnastic equipment so when koko is set free those items disappear .
koko does , however , ride the invisible bike !
he then draws a line off the drawing board and on to various buildings which max follows to the letter .
the clown then finds other drawing boards where he copies himself hundreds of times .
just as fleischer finds the real koko , koko dives in the invisible ink and disappears ... another funny hybrid from the early days of max fleischer that were real steps forward in the silent days of films .
well worth seeing for any animation buff .

1
if you have read my previous comments for harold lloyd films then you know that recently the box set `` the definitive collection : harold lloyd `` became finally mine .
i wanted to watch in order the films and i do watched the first two short films however yesterday i wanted to watch something of the box set and it was quite late and the two following stuff were feature films ( the cat 's - paw and welcome danger ) and anyway in the box set the films are not in chronological order so i decided to watch another short film that eventually was this one , now or never .
i liked it a lot and certainly it is just another recommendable short of harold lloyd and in my opinion very underrated here in imdb .
lloyd is not on the screen during the first minutes however is really funny to watch the younger version of his character .
the girl ( mildred davis ) clearly remembers lloyd ' s character and now is time to see him again .
but is the companion of the girl who will bring the laughs .
i 'm not going to be very specific but for some reasons the boy , that lloyd plays , has to take care of a little girl but not before we watch how the boy is .
for me is really funny to watch the boy destroying almost all the town and latter wanting to repair the damages just by giving some money to a tramp who a little later will share the screen with lloyd in a great scene under a train in movement !
after this is when the boy finally sees again the girl of his childhood to finally be together but before this the boy will have a little adventure inside the train .
before dealing with the problems for not having two tickets , the boy will have some little problems with the child .
he tries to make her laugh however she ends saying to him something like `` you look silly `` , the boy will not have an easy ride .
we also watch a couple of drunks that starts with a very funny joke one says `` what time is it ? ``
and the other look to his clock and says `` thursday `` ) and i thought they will have a bigger part however we only see them when they go to sleep and nothing more .
but anyway , the boy will make us laugh a little more ( particularly i loved the scene when he ca n't dress the child and when he , with the help of other men , finally can he still has in his hand one of the child 's clothes so he puts it in his pocket !
) and in the end he finally stays with his lady .
oh and watch lloyd running in the top of the train !

1
set at the time of the french revolution this film follows two women , henriette and louise who have been raised as sisters .
a plague has killed their parents and left louise blind so the head to paris hoping to find a doctor who may cure her .
unfortunately things do n't go according to plan ; henriette is snatched by people working for a lecherous aristocrat then louise falls into the clutches of a spiteful hag who forces her to beg on the streets .
luckily for henriette she is saved by the kind aristocrat chevalier de vaudrey ; they set off to find louise but they have made powerful enemies .
when the revolution comes it looks as though life in france will get better but it is n't long before the callous aristocracy has been replaced by a new more brutal regime and it looks as if henriette and chevalier may fall victim to the guillotine !
this film by g. w. griffiths probably wo n't be watched by too many people as it is both monochromatic and silent ; which is a pity as it really is rather good .
i say monochromatic rather than black and white as the scenes are shown through different coloured filters ; this serves to emphasise the atmosphere of each scene .
i was surprised just how quickly i got used to the fact that i could n't hear what the characters were saying ; occasional inter-titles explained key points and the casts emoting was good enough to convey the meaning of what was being said .
the way the story is told may seem a little melodramatic to modern viewers and it is n't subtle about telling us just who is good and who is bad ... in one scene an aristocrats carriage runs over and kills a peasant and he is more concerned about his horses and robespierre could n't have been more villainous if he 'd t been depicted stroking a white cat like blofeld in a bond film !
this was n't a problem though as the story moves along at a cracking pace .
there is plenty of drama as well as a romantic subplot involving henriette and chevalier all of which leads to a fine ending ; right up until the last moment i was n't sure whether or not that couple would survive .
the cast did a fine job ; especially real life sisters lillian and dorothy gish who play henriette and louise .
overall i 'd certainly recommend this and not just to people fascinated by early cinema ; the two and a half hour run time goes by faster than plenty of modern films !

1
from director d.w. griffith ( the birth of a nation ) , this silent film featured near the beginning of the book 1001 movies you must see before you die , and i was looking forward to seeing what it was about .
basically stepsisters henriette girard ( lillian gish ) and louise girard ( dorothy gish ) were less alone after the loss of the parents who looked after them , louise being abandoned by her true birth mother and found on a staircase , and the sisters have grown up as orphans .
it is the time before the french revolution , and louise has become blind , henriette vows to take care of her , until the possibility that somewhere in paris there may be a cure .
marquis de ( morgan wallace ) is the lusting aristocrat , who kills the child of ( leslie king ) , and he has henriette abducted as he is besotted with her virginal beauty .
while louise is left helpless and alone , she is kidnapped by mother frochard ( lucille la verne ) and forced to help make the old hag the money that she lusts for , the old woman is using her blindness and vulnerability for profit .
chevalier de vaudrey ( joseph schildkraut ) is the honourable aristocrat who helps henriette escape her abduction , and he kills de in a duel , but together the two of them can not seem to find her stepsister .
while renting in the house of the aristocrat , she meets danton ( monte blue ) , a politician she allows to stay with her after he got away from an attack by royalist spies , and he falls for her , which his revolutionary friend robespierre ( sidney herbert ) is n't approving of .
while louise continues having to beg , henriette is proposed to by de vaudrey , which she turns down , but he promises her that her sister will be found , and when king louis xvi ( lee ) finds out about his choice of wife , he orders that she be arrested .
while chevalier is sent away , and before the police come for her , henriette is visited by 's aunt , who remembers from henriette 's discussion of her missing sister that she is the baby that she abandoned on a staircase .
at the same moment louise is singing and begging blindly down the street near the house , with frochard nearby , and henriette overhears and calls from the balcony to her sister , and that is when the blind sister is dragged away , and the other is arrested .
at the same time as louise being forced to continue begging , the french revolution starts , with cannons firing and men charging with swords , with many people dying in the battle , and prisoners , including henriette , being freed from captivity .
henriette and chevalier , with louise listening , are sentenced to be executed on the guillotine by robespierre and , but they are saved by danton after getting them a pardon , saying that only louise 's sister can look after her .
in the end the two orphans are finally reunited , louise is happy to have her eye sight restored and see her sister henriette , and the france has a better republic formed .
also starring frank as count de , katherine emmet as countess de , sheldon lewis as jacques frochard and frank puglia as pierre frochard .
having seen the artist i was keen to see many more great silent films , and i do n't know why this film is n't considered more of a masterpiece , i.e . five stars out of five , because it does really draw you in with its absorbing material and a magnificently emotional story , it is a fantastic silent period melodrama .
very good !

1
d.w. griffith loved epic stories full of dangerous situations and damsels in distress .
with the beautiful and talented gish sisters , he got two damsels for the price of one .
`` orphans of the storm `` is probably the most beautiful of all griffith features .
the lavish detailing of the sets is much better than `` intolerance `` or `` broken blossoms `` and the costumes are magnificent .
by this time in griffith 's career , his direction was already beginning to become stale and his plots too old-fashioned , but somehow he makes `` orphans `` work to his advantage .
lillian gish is henriette girard and her sister dorothy plays her `` sister `` louise .
the amazing joseph schildkraut plays de vaudrey , a nobleman who truly is noble .
the `` storm `` in the title refers to the french revolution , which is the background this story of family and romantic love plays itself upon .
as usual , lillian gish is wonderful in her role as the devoted sister henriette ; but it is dorothy gish as blind sister louise who is truly the star of the film .
her performance drips with the pathos , pain , and longing that most people associate with her older sister .
schildkraut shines in this , his first hollywood film role .
the frequent ridiculous scenes ( danton running to save henriette from the executioner 's blade ?
) and length of the film will turn most modern viewers off ; but those who have a love of history , epic spectacle , and the timeless beauty of the gish sisters will enjoy `` orphans of the storm `` .

1
story takes place in france before and after the revolution .
louise ( dorothy gish ) and henriette ( lillian gish ) are brought up together but are not really sisters -- louise was left on church steps as a baby and henriette 's parents took her in .
both are orphaned when their parents die and louise is struck blind .
henriette takes her to paris in hope of finding a cure .
there they are separated -- louise is forced to work with villainous beggars and henriette falls in love with chevalier de vaudrey ( drop dead handsome joseph schildkraut ) .
the story is wildly implausible with some twists that had me smirking .
it 's also overlong and very melodramatic ... but it still works .
it was made on a large scale with beautiful settings , costumes and a cast of hundreds .
d.w. griffith did a wonderful job of directing -- especially when the peasants revolt and overthrow the government .
i usually hate historical movies but i loved this one !
the cast overacts wildly ( especially monte blue as danton ) except for schildkraut who underplays -- and it works .
engrossing and highly recommended .
also , on a personal note , my birthday is on july 14 which is bastille day and is recreated in this movie .
i guess i have to like this !
i saw the two hour version ( this supposedly runs 2â 1/2 hours ) but did n't notice any gaps .

1
i have not seen many buster keaton shorts yet , but i think i really like this guy .
where chaplin makes me smile a lot , keaton really makes me laugh .
with ` the paleface ' i kept laughing from start to finish , a little less in the middle though .
in the middle part no one tries to catch keaton , and that is exactly when he is at his best .
at first he is chased by indians .
they are mad because they are cheated and have to leave their land .
they swear to kill the first white man that enters their property and of course keaton enters , trying to catch a butterfly .
when the indians have caught him the best moments of this short arrive .
they tie him to a pole and he lifts the pole from the ground and changes his position from time to time .
it 's hilarious .
then he befriends the same indians and he is not chased .
i have to admit the short becomes a little less funny here .
but soon enough he finds himself into trouble again when they all go to the authorities to claim their land .
a new chase , that also includes another indian tribe , is what follows .
like i said , the chases and the parts where he is caught are hilarious .
maybe the middle part less funny , that does not make it boring .
overall this short is terrific with a buster keaton who makes sure his shorts still work today .

1
the sky pilot was an important film for director king vidor in 1921 ( along with love never dies , which also survives ) .
i was asked for a copy of this film and barely remembered it so i re-watched yesterday .
vidor had been directing films left and right from the mid-teens but by 1921 he had started to develop his own pace and visual style .
he was also well enough established that he started getting good stories and good actors .
the sky pilot ( slang for preacher ) arrives from montreal in the canadian rockies where he attempts to set up a parish .
the greenhorn ( john bowers ) is befriended by a local ranch foreman ( david butler ) who tries to help him set up shop in the local saloon .
it 's a disaster and bowers is run out of town .
but the men reconcile and butler gets bowers a job on the ranch where both men are rivals for colleen moore .
there 's lots of trouble from a local bandit and his men , but after bowers is rescued from a spectacular fall off a gorge bridge , things settle down until moore falls off her horse during a stampede and is crippled .
the winter scenes are quite stunning so that when bowers opens his church ( apparently built by butler but is burned down ) , the flaming church against the fresh snowfall is memorable .
as is the redemptive ending .
the use of location shooting is terrific here for vidor .
this is also the only time moore worked for vidor although they were lifelong friends .
indeed , moore was part of vidor 's quest to solve the murder mystery surrounding william desmond taylor .
vidor and moore planned to produce a film about this famous murder but it never happened .
bowers is very good here .
he was a fairly big star in silents , but flopped in a few talkie attempts .
his final film was a western in 1931 .
he committed suicide by walking into the pacific in 1936 , an event that supposedly influence the ending of a star is born in 1937 .
he could n't find work in hollywood despite having appeared in more than 90 films .
moore has a smallish role here but just a few years from her career-making role in flaming youth it 's easy to see why she became one of the biggest stars of the silent era .
the real surprise here is david butler , an actor i 'm not familiar with .
never really a star , he made his last film in 1929 and then turned to directing full time .
he directed until the late 60s .
he 's excellent here as the caring cowboy and is in many ways the center of this film .
my one gripe is that this film , released on vhs by critics video contains an annoying music track by david on which he hums and sings several times .
the music is ok in and of itself , but there 's something innately wrong with a silent film accompanied by singing .

1
what a delightful actor that john bowers was !
he shines in his role as the gentle minister who finds that sermons and hymns alone can not convert an unruly , godless populace to christianity in the cold wilderness of the canadian rockies .
he finds he has to lead by example .
david butler , who starts off fighting with him , but who eventually respects him , is super as the friend who encourages him .
for some reason he reminded me of the goofy soldier in the big parade with john gilbert .
do n't know why , they really did n't look much alike .
the print of the sky pilot that i saw was kind of jumpy and the musical accompaniment was n't appropriate for the action , but these two faults aside , the film itself was dramatic and moving .
colleen moore was ok , but she 's never been a favorite of mine .
this is the second john bowers film i have seen and in both this one and lorna doone a year later john has scenes where he is braving rapids , trying not to drown !
once more i got the willies , since he died by self-imposed drowning in real life .
i am sure he would have made an excellent character actor in talkies if only the studios had given him half a chance .
cruel hollywood .

1
in many ways this silent classic reminded me of what i liked -- and did n't like -- about a much more recent film , sling blade .
both are sensitively observed movies that not only depict but genuinely seem to embody the simpler rhythms of country life .
and both ultimately end in a way that may satisfy an audience 's bloodlust -- but left me somewhat dismayed that the story had taken that turn .
( the violence makes the movie seem much more modern than most films of its time .
) that said , there 's no denying that this was one of the most accomplished movies of its time ; barthelmess 's portrait of eager juvenility is beautifully observed and completely charming , and king 's handling is quite sophisticated in the way it tells a story through the eyes of a character who is really secondary to the action through the first half or so .

1
this lovely and poignant silent film is almost lyrical and poetic in its construction .
the cinematography is wonderful , since it was actually filmed on location in a little town in virginia , and the cast is perfect , with the two leads , richard barthelmess and gladys hulette , simply breathtakingly beautiful to watch .
one can easily see why lillian gish stated that richard had the most beautiful male face in the movies .
the plot revolves around the coming of age of the lead male character , and how evil circumstances creep up on a simple country family , which force the youngest son ( barthelmess ) to grow up quickly .
the only negative in my experience of watching the film came from the robert israel soundtrack .
on the dvd version i watched much of the soundtrack sounds like it was recorded at 100 % volume and a grating , blasting hum can be heard through many scenes , in the beginning especially .
i do n't know if the video version has the same fault .
whenever the piano played solo this was n't a problem .
i had to keep the volume really low so i would n't notice the blasts .
a lovely film otherwise .
i rated it 9 out of 10 .

1
i just adored this homespun little movie with a rural twist on the david and goliath story .
it reminded me a lot of a mary pickford movie , it was sweet , entertaining and left you feeling good afterward !
the family are a loving , religious and close-knit family who really find out through a series of tragedies what it means to pull together !
and tol ` able david is forced to grow up fast and find out to his delight that he 's more than just tol ` able !
there are some funny scenes in this movie .
one of my favorites being when richard barthelmess 's david is sitting on a fence imagining that he 's driving the mail cart complete with a fancy top hat and whip and then he wakes up and the fence breaks and he falls !
there 's another cute scene where his dog steals his pants and david 's running around in a barrel .
but the movie has plenty of tragedy too !
one of the most poignant scenes is when david is going off to revenge the crippling of his older brother and the death of his father , and his mother literally grabs him by the legs to stop him .
the look on his face !
what a wonderful actor richard was !
if the academy awards had been around then , he surely would 've won !
this movie is not for people who do n't like early , sentimental silent cinema .
they might find it trite and some of the story for the wonderful ernest torrence playing the creepiest villain ever !

1
this pastoral melodrama still packs a punch after nearly a century , mostly thanks to a lovingly produced scenario concocted by director henry king with screenwriter ( and future director ) edmund goulding , from a joseph short story , and featuring a nearly flawless cast led by the charismatic richard barthelmess .
there is nothing fancy here except perhaps some overdone editing flourishes at the climax which artificially prolong the action , stretching its essential slam-bang quality into something resembling the slow motion stylization that caught on in the sixties ( bonnie & clyde 's ending , for instance ) .
generally , the pacing , setup and unfolding of the story are smooth and sure ; the characters are authentically embodied and intelligently cast ; the acting is subtle and for the most part realistic ; the photography reveals all of the necessary information without ever calling attention to itself .
the full spectrum of human emotional and spiritual states are covered .
the themes are as old as the virginia hills in which the story takes place : god , family , home , good vs evil , kindness vs cruelty , mother love , personal responsibility , coming of age , the cycle of birth , aging and death .
ernest torrence , in real life as civilized and cultivated a man as one could hope to encounter , plays a despicable criminal , who with his father and younger brother comprise a trio of sociopaths .
the way he is photographed and choreographed heavily underscores his wickedness , but this kind of heightened presentation was a staple of silent cinema both in the us and abroad .
the height and body language of the three bad-guy actors is in marked contrast to the families they afflict , adding a visual dimension to their essential natures .
the least satisfying acting comes from warner richmond , who too often substitutes stupid grinning for characterization as the title character 's strapping older brother .
but marion abbott never as the emotionally ravaged mother , and gladys hulette is the perfect country girl next door .
is the soul of the film and perhaps never equaled this performance .

1
this famous 1921 movie is skillfully directed by henry king .
richard barthelmess is energetic , complex , and completely likable as the title character .
there are a number of other fine performances as well which contributes greatly to the success of the film , the reality of the portrayals drawing us into the simple , mildly interesting story .
the action takes place in a rural setting in a romanticized america of the past .
filmed in the state of virginia , the natural locations and produced sets evoke a twilight zone between the uncivilized old west and -- what may have been considered in 1921 - the too civilized modern world of the roaring 20 's .
splendid , sometimes exciting images and heart-felt performances make the story come alive on the screen .
it is easy to identify with the character 's joys and sorrows and , in turn , to find satisfaction in their achievements .

1
( contains possible spoilers ) i just loved this movie .
part of the excitement is watching a resurrected film , lost after over 80 years .
it 's like finding buried treasure .
this movie , however , would interest almost everybody , except experts who 're jaded by years of cinematic criticism .
some points : 1 .
swanson and valentino are both beautiful to look at ; valentino is miscast , however .
swanson ages in concert with the screenplay , while valentino does n't ; he photographs too young next to swanson , especially in the later parts of the movie .
2 .
the costumes will make you wonder .
some are ridiculously elaborate .
this is high regalia .
i wonder if they 'd even be possible to make today ?
this is the best movie i 've ever seen for parading 20s fashion .
3 .
performances are subtle , nuanced , and believable throughout .
4 .
all the various stages of nitrate composition are evident here -- first , the blurring , then the `` freckles `` , then the `` moldy cheese `` look , then , finally , the disappearance of the image .
on the other hand , some of the scenes are so crystal clear that you can see the details on the costumes .
if you want to learn about nitrate decomposition , this film is a good teacher .
5 .
swanson 's tango dance , and the dress that was `` talked about for a year `` , did not survive nitrate decomposition .
contrary to many reviewers ' opinions , stills exist for the tango dance .
the dress in question is probably the one she wears on stage , for less than a minute , during the pageant sequence .
unfortunately , because it 's a long shot , we do n't get to see it in any great detail .
6 .
the modern soundtrack is often off-putting , but during the second decomposing sequence ( during the pageant ) , the somber , dramatic , heart-beating tune matches the action on the screen , while at the same time , dramatically draws attention to the decomposition itself .
was this purposeful ?
it 's as if the composer was saying , `` listen , you fools !
these films are disappearing .
just watch this sequence and see for yourself ! ``
7 .
while the plot is ridiculous today , it was the norm in 20s society .
elinor glyn sold millions of books .
what entertainment do we have today , that will be laughed at 80 years from now ?
( rap music is a possibility .
) it 's too easy to look at films like this through the lens of today 's sensibilities , and lose perspective .
8 .
about four minutes of film is missing ; it 's easy to pick out where , because the plot continuity reveals it .
9 .
close attention to the sets will reveal that the same room , redecorated several ways , is used several times .
for example , valentino 's library , and swanson 's husband 's library , in the scenes after the pageant where the letters have been switched , is the same room redecorated .
for all these reasons , see the movie .
if you 're not enthralled by something in the film , you 're jaded .
all the rest of us little folks will love it -- it 's just plain fun .

1
gloria swanson looks lovely and young here as theodora , an ingã©nue with no money who marries businessman josiah brown so she may help her dear father .
for the era , the film is remarkably effective , the rice throwing scene as she departs , to go to europe with her new husband .
even while black and white and digitally restored yet bruised film , the visuals are quite interesting .
rudolph valentino as lord bracondale is quite attractive .
it is subtle , he meets her through the tyrolean honeymoon , the smell of narcissus on her handkerchief reminds him of ... something ... of course all is above board and nothing happens for quite some that is untoward .
what is lovely about this film is the visual sense of eroticism and romance .
we do not see this today .
it is subtle , no screaming , psycho-drama or histrionics .
it is , in a sense the way some real romance and infidelity may be played out .
theodora loves lord bracondale but remains faithful to elderly and infirm duffer josiah brown .
eventually we see josiah financing a safari to algeria as he chooses to do so to rid his wife of the stigma of being married to an older , less virile man .
he acquires a small legion of algerian soldiers on an archaeological mission , but there is danger and theodora decides to follow him .
there are some innovative scenes of the algerian desert and an archaeological site which several explorers note was a `` torture site for an unfaithful woman , as from the bible `` .
it is stark and desolate desert , evoking barren emotions , barren marriage .
i found this film charming and visual .
romantic comedies today are saccharine and trite .
while some of the cinematography is rudimentary it far surpasses what passes for romantic interlude watch and gloria swanson looks lovely .
8/10 .

1
why is this movie one of my favorite silent movies ?
for a start , it was one of rudolph valentino 's best performances !
i consider his other best performances to be in `` the four horsemen of the apocalypse `` and `` the eagle `` , although , of the movies in which i have seen him , he never gave a bad were just better than others !
as the doomed bullfighter , he is perfect !
then there were the two leading ladies , both very good in their lee , as the suffering wife , and nita naldi , as the seductress .
finally , there was walter long , memorable as a bandit friend of the bullfighter .
i do n't know if sound affected his career , but , in the silent movies in which i have seen him , he was very good !
the only flaw in this movie was a ridiculous seduction scene , but , if one can overlook it , this movie will prove to be a very worthwhile movie !

1
rudolph valentino ( ) plays a bullfighter juan gallardo ` ' , who is really good at what he falls in love with carmen , played by lila lee ( ) , a girl he 's known since then an other woman shows interest on him , a true vamp who goes by the name of doã±a sol , played by nita naldi ( ) .
and of course juan becomes interested of her , his loving feelings turn into woman just wo n't let carmen finds out what has been going on between juan and this the end , juan is dying after a bullfight and carmen is there by his side , doã±a would n't care niblo 's blood and sand from 1922 is a brilliant silent movie with some drama , romance and actors do a perfect valentino is was a teen idol of his time , who was idolized by half the world.he died tragically awfully young in 1926 to blood was only 31 and half the world naldi and lila lee are both very beautiful and they also could act very well.in the silent days the eyes had a big part , and in this one they all handle the eye work the dramatic music makes it all and sand is a thrill for all the valentino fans and for those who do n't require any dialog in the movie .

1
i can imagine andrã© breton , max ernst , yves , man ray , luis buã±uel , and salvador dali enjoying this keaton short .
a subway station in the frozen north , an attempted holdup of a gambling hall ( a gag that only makes sense in the context of a film ) , the radiator of a sled overheating , golf clubs , a keep off the grass sign sticking up through the snow , etc . .
the surrealist movement was influenced by the theories of sigmund freud and free association and his interpretation of dreams .
considering that the surrealist manifesto was n't written until 1924 , so it 's very possible that this could have influenced the european surrealists .
i realize that this may seem like a lot of extra information , but having some knowledge of surrealism helps make this keaton short more understandable and enjoyable .
even though this might seem disjointed , there is some logic behind all of this .
if you do n't believe me , just ask your analyst ...

1
i seem to have enjoyed this film a great deal more than most of the other reviewers ; perhaps context helps .
in the darkness of a warm cinema on a bright frosty afternoon , surrounded by laughter from a full house of hundreds of people , from those too old to have hair to those too young to read , watching a pristine print on the big screen to the musical improvisation of one of the top silent film accompanists in the country , i found it absolutely hilarious , and buster himself is obviously having a ball acting the villain for a change .
all he lacks is a pair of to twirl .
you do n't need to be familiar with specific target material to get the spoof -- at least , i was n't .
all you need is a passing acquaintance with the conventions of melodrama 's modern descendant , the great british pantomime .
buster 's incompetent dedication to his own ends and his domineering over his clumsy but loyal minion could be drawn straight from the seasonal boards of `` puss in boots `` or `` dick whittington `` , as king rat boasts and cowers ; and his rolling tears and avid seduction would n't disgrace the false eyelashes of a dame .
plus it 's almost worth the price of admission alone to watch him launch a evil snarl up at the outraged husband ... the setting of `` the frozen north `` provides an almost inexhaustible series of sight gags , juxtaposing the icy surroundings with incongruous everyday objects -- the in the igloo , the policeman 's harley-davidson -- as well as the obvious slapstick opportunities afforded by deep , falls from the roof and frozen lakes .
but there 's plenty of keaton 's own unmistakable brand of surreal logic here as well , from the opening hold-up to the final shoot-out and its twist .
provided you 're not completely affronted by the concept of watching buster throw himself with zest into the role of `` curses !
foiled again `` -- for back in 1922 he was n't exclusively identified with the part of the underdog who wins through -- and provided you do realise that you 're * supposed * to laugh at overacting , the film is brimful with hilarity .
not what would later be thought of as typical for buster keaton , perhaps -- but nonetheless this picture bears the undeniable hallmarks of his authorship all over it , and is frequently extremely funny .

1
silent clown harold lloyd 's first full-length feature ( and personal favorite of all his own films ) is a still charming comedy about a timid small town boy fooled by his wily grandma into thinking a magic talisman ( actually an umbrella handle ) will give him courage .
lloyd was perhaps the least remarkable ( if without a doubt the most prolific and successful ) member of the silent comedy pantheon ; lacking buster keaton 's timeless artistry and charlie chaplin 's extraordinary range of talent , he nevertheless provided enough honest , uncomplicated belly laughs to secure himself an uncontested spot among the small handful of classic screen comedians .
seen today , his films show a genuine sense of nostalgia that modern audiences might find difficult to respond to , and nowhere is this more evident than in this quaint relic from a gentler age : proof that lloyd did much more than just dangle from skyscrapers .

1
grandma 's boy is a harold lloyd as the boy and mildred davis as the girl 56 minutes film so at the end these two will be together as a couple .
one of the many things that i really liked is that the film begins and it seems that we are going to watch a film about two guys with an interest for the same girl .
and it is funny but later begins the real thing , a film about a guy who will try to forget his fears to do what he wants .
lloyd 's character is of course that guy , a guy that has being suffering with bullies since he was very little and this time we will watch two bullies that our protagonist must deal with .
one of them is his rival and who with our protagonist shares that interest for that beautiful girl that mildred davis plays .
but even that both are rivals they will share some very uncomfortable moments that are truly funny .
the other bully is a tramp and a real danger , he is known as the rolling stone and before being known for the whole town as a real menace for their security he had an encounter with our protagonist .
for the boy 's fortune his grandmother is always ready to help him and the rolling stone will not touch the grandma 's boy .
but of course the boy sooner or later will want to get things by himself and when the rolling stone becomes a big menace for the town the people will need a hero and even with his insignia of deputy sheriff the boy will not be capable of control his fears of course , the hero is not in the boy 's shoes yet .
and is again his grandmother the one who will give him new hopes , she gave him the good luck charm that once belong to his grandfather and that made his grandfather a brave man to finally become a true hero .
and we watch this , lloyd is also the grandfather in a really memorable sequence .
when the grandfather begins to defeat rival soldiers practically unintentionally you will remember buster keaton in the marvelous film the general .
later the grandfather ends as a hero defeating all the enemies with a very ingenious plan that will make you laugh .
so in the present of this film we watch the boy with that good luck charm full of trust in himself and soon will be the only hope to stop the rolling stone .
finally when the people of the town were thinking that they would need bloodhounds to stop the rolling stone , who maybe `` chew up a half dozen o ' them `` , our protagonist arrives with the rolling stone inside a baby carriage to be finally the hero to later once and for all of his bullies , well just that annoying rival .
oh and did i mention that the grandmother invented all about that good luck charm ?
to end , grandma 's boy is a very funny and marvelously simple film that i really enjoyed ( like all the other stuff i have seen from harold lloyd ) and that you really should watch .

1
although the similarity of this plot to several other lloyd films is obvious ( thus preventing it from getting a rating of 10 ) , this is still one of harold lloyd 's best .
what sets this apart from many comedies of the same era is that it is not jam-packed with laughs but takes a more leisurely pace and tells a sweet story .
our hero , lloyd , is a wimp with little self-confidence .
his loving grandmother gives him grandpa 's good luck charm -- saying it will give him strength and courage .
as a result he is able to help the town look for a dangerous desperado and in the process prove to his girl that he is indeed a man .
great cinematography , pacing and excellent laughs all work together to make this his best film up until that time .
plus , unlike most comedies of the time , this one is quite artistic and sweet .

1
with a title like this you 'd have to expect some lighting effects , but the sheer beauty of the lighting and cinematography in this film will amaze you .
sunlight in the heroine 's hair , the glow of the holy grail and its reflection on faces , even the light of god - all are realized with great care .
it certainly anticipates clarence brown 's later work , especially with garbo .
the version of the film that i saw was a 30 minute edit re-titled `` the light of faith `` ( and beautifully restored by kino video ) .
i do n't know if a longer version exists , but i 'd love to see it .
as it is the film works beautifully .
it is a simple tale of a rough petty criminal , played with great delicacy by the genius actor lon chaney , who is trying to help a young woman who has run away from her wealthy family .
she tells him the story of the holy grail - and brown recreates it for us with great beauty .
chaney then attempts to steal the newly discovered grail to restore the girl 's health .
it builds to a moving and visually stunning climax .
do n't miss this exquisite film .

1
i am not a huge fan of shakespeare , but i have seen a couple dozen different silent versions of his films and i must say that this film is definitely the best .
unlike some of the earliest versions that only lasted a few minutes ( way too short to do any justice to the plays ) , this one was a lengthy film -- allowing for a reasonable treatment .
now you still ca n't compare this to a sound version of the film because since it 's a silent , the lyrical quality of the play is missing .
some purists might hate this ( after all , they do n't recite the play verbatim like many sound versions ) , but i liked how the play was changed to a pantomime piece with an emphasis on action and characterization .
for someone who does n't get excited about hearing all the original words of shakespeare yet loves silent films , this is a wonderful film .
the sets for 1922 were exceptional and the acting was fortunately not over the top -- which is sometimes a problem with othello .
you do not see a crazed caricature of a man , as emil jannings plays the lead role very well -- with humanity and not relying too much on gesticulations or campiness .
he was an amazing silent actor -- hence his winning the first oscar for best actor just a few years later .
unfortunately , he was also a devoted nazi and wasted his talent from the mid-1930s onward !

1
silent german film about a meek , mild man who seems to have no life or goals .
then he meets a blond-haired girl riding a chariot .
he immediately falls in love with her .
it leads to his downfall ending in murder .
but there is redemption .
this silent film was long believed to be lost .
thankfully it 's been rediscovered which is great -- this is a wonderful drama .
my synopsis may sound a little strange but this is a hard film to describe -- you have to see it to understand .
it 's beautifully directed by f.w . -- many elaborate camera tricks and fade ins and outs .
also it deals with some touchy subjects such as prostitution ( never called that but it 's there ) .
the acting is a little over the top but that 's to be expected in silent movies .
but there is a wonderful ( if frightening ) performance by grete berger as mrs. .
my only complaint is that this film is shown in flashback which somewhat dilutes the drama ( that 's why i 'm only giving it a 9 ) .
still , this is a great silent film .
it 's not up to 's `` nosferatu `` or `` sunrise `` -- but then what is ?
well worth seeing .

1
i viewed an incomplete print of ` the wife of the pharaoh ' that was reconstructed ( from several sources ) by stephan of the film museum in munich .
even in remnant form , this is a phenomenal film : an epic piece of film-making , with 6,000 extras and elaborate sets .
` the wife of the pharaoh ' is the nearest ernst lubitsch came to making a film like ` metropolis ' .
` the wife of the pharaoh ' was released in 1922 , the same year that englishman howard carter unsealed tutankhamen 's tomb ... but at this time , much of the most important work in egyptology was being done by germans , and german interest in ancient egypt was high indeed .
this film is set in dynastic egypt ( middle kingdom , by the look of it ) ... and the sets , costumes and props are vastly more convincing than anything done by hollywood in this same era in films such as ` king of kings ' , `` noah 's ark `` and the babylonian sequences of ` intolerance ' .
there are of course a few errors in this movie : the elaborate double crown symbolising the two kingdoms of egypt is the proper size and shape , yet the actors heft it about so easily that it 's clearly a prop made from some improbably light substance .
the pharaoh receives papyrus scrolls bearing messages written in hieroglyphics ; this is wrong ( the messages would have been written in hieratic , and the king would probably require a scribe to read them on his behalf ) , yet somebody made a commendable effort to use the proper hieroglyphics ... which is more than universal studios bothered to do in any of those 1930s mummy flicks .
emil jannings gives an operatic performance as the ( fictional ) king amenes .
the king of the ethiopians ( paul wegener ) , hoping to make peace with egypt , offers his daughter theonis to become the wife of amenes .
but theonis falls in love with ramphis , the handsome son of the king 's adviser .
( ramphis wears a hairdo stolen from prince valiant : one of the few really ludicrous errors in this film .
) amenes sentences the lovers to death , then offers to spare ramphis from execution ( sentencing him to hard labour for life ) if theonis will consent to love only amenes .
there are some truly spectacular scenes in this film , very impressive even in the partial form which i viewed .
paul wegener gives a fine performance as , king of the ethiopians , but he looks like he escaped from a minstrel show : to portray an ethiopian , wegener wears blackface and body make-up , and a truly terrible afro wig .
and since his daughter theonis is presumably also an ethiopian , why is she white ?
there are fine performances by lyda as a ( white ) ethiopian ( the nearest equivalent to aida in this operatic story ) and by albert bassermann as the adviser who is spitefully blinded at the pharaoh 's order .
theodor sparkuhl 's camera work is superlative , as always , and the art direction is brilliant .
although i viewed only an incomplete version of this film , i 've read a surviving screenplay ; the script ( with some lapses in logic ) is definitely the most ridiculous part of this film .
but the favourable aspects of this movie very definitely outweigh its flaws .
i 'll rate ` the wife of the pharaoh ' 9 out of 10 .

1
massive and brilliant restoration of this film is cause to celebrate .
this 1922 epic directed by ernst lubitsch boasts massive egyptian sets , great costumes , a brilliant music score and several great performances .
twisting plot entwines the lives of pharoah amenes ( emil jannings ) , a greek slave girl theonis ( dagny servaes ) , a hero ramphis ( harry liedtke ) , and a vicious ethiopian king ( paul wegener ) .
after ramphis steals theonis from the ethiopian princess ( lyda ) and returns to egypt , the pharaoh spies her and instantly falls in love .
but he 's already promised to return the slave girl to the ethiopian king .
pharaoh takes the woman , but she loves ramphis .
after the lovers are caught in the treasury , pharaoh condemns ramphis to slave work in the quarries .
but pharaoh does not return theonis , so the ethiopians start a war .
before he goes off to war , pharaoh walls up theonis in the treasury and blinds the architect ( albert bassermann ) so no one will find the entrance .
amenes is presumed killed in battle and theonis , technically queen of egypt gets to pick a new pharaoh and she picks ramphis .
but amenes is not dead and soon returns to egypt to find a new pharaoh installed .
serpentine plot keeps the viewer guessing as the main characters are all bound up in various promises and oaths and star-crossed loves , and no one gets what he wants .
emil jannings and dagny servaes are terrific .
while the rest of the cast overacts , it seems fitting for such a sprawling story set against massive egyptian sets .
the restoration of this film ranks among the great restoration projects , and the final result , despite some missing sections , is absolutely amazing .
well worth looking for .

1
i like all of man ray 's films , but this is the only one that i absolutely love .
it was his first and is basically a series of experiments with light , shadows , and some innovative approaches to tampering with the actual film stock that precedes the films of stan brakhage .
if you 're a fan of his photography , this film is really little more than what you would expect - haunting black & white motion photography featuring nails , nude women and abstract objects .
i highly recommend watching this film to ambient music , especially some of the early aphex twin pieces .
if you watch it in silence , you 're going to deprive your senses and not really appreciate it as much .
the film needs strange music to be enjoyed and as long as you 're not expecting a story or characters , you should be pretty engaged .
it 's a great length , knowing to end before it gets too monotonous , unlike a lot of his later films .

1
director : cecil b. demille , script : macpherson , cast : theodore roberts ( moses ) , charles de ( rameses ) , estelle taylor ( miriam , sister of moses ) , julia faye ( wife of pharaoh ) , james neill ( aaron ) , edythe chapman ( mrs. martha mc ) , richard dix ( john , son ) , rod la ( dan , son ) , nita naldi ( sally lung , eurasian ) most people today have probably never seen this film .
it is now available on the 50th anniversary set with the 1956 version .
the 1956 version was an amazing movie but in many ways i prefer this one , cecil b demille 's 1923 original .
many people will be surprised upon first viewing of this film .
demille uses a different approach thin in his 1956 remake .
this film has two parts .
the first part is set during the time of the exodus in the old testament .
the hebrew nation is enslaved by the egyptians under the ruthless rule of the pharaoh rameses .
moses as the chosen leader of the jews frees his people from the egyptians .
god gives him the power to inflict plagues upon the egyptians .
he then leads his people on the great exodus across the desert to the red sea .
god gives him the power to part the sea so the jewish people can cross .
orders his army to go after the jews across the parted red sea but god had the sea ` return to normal ' so the army drowns .
make no mistake , this film was a major production in its day and very high budget for its time .
demille uses very elaborate sets for this production .
the exterior wall of the great egyptian city is just like the one used in the 1956 version .
many extras were used in the making of this film .
during the great exodus , there appears to be people for as far as the eye can see .
you can see this great line of people spread out across the desert .
camels were seen during the exodus but as it turns out , camels were not in the middle east during that time period .
the parting of the red sea in the 1956 version was considered an amazing special effect for its time .
i was very curious as to how they would be able to pull this off in 1923 !
i was quite amazed ! !
the special effects used for the parting of the sea is just as good as the 56 perhaps better .
one thing i really like about the special effects of this film is the wall of fire that moses creates to keep the egyptian army at bay .
in the 56 version animation was used for the fire .
in this version real fire was used using a double exposure technique that i thought was more impressive .
mr demille was very loyal to his actors .
he would use many of the same actors in a number of his films .
the women who plays the part of pharaoh 's wife and the boy that played his son are both involved in the 56 version as well as the film editor .
the film switches gears totally for the second half .
we are now in modern times .
it starts with a mother reading passages from the book of exodus to her two sons .
all the drama from the first half was simply her reading being acted out .
the rest of the film is a morality tale between two sons .
the mother and one son are deeply religious while the other son is a nonbeliever .
he makes fun of his brother 's silly beliefs so the mother kicks him out of the house for being a heathen .
the believing son lives a modest life while the unbelieving son becomes very wealthy .
he even gets the women they both like !
he becomes a wealthy contractor employing his brother as a worker .
however , the unbelieving brother 's life will be filed with misfortune eventually leading to his death .
the twist in the second half of the film makes for a interesting viewing experience .
i like the contrast between ancient and modern times .
katherine orrison in her commentary states that the modern sequence will probably seem more dated to the average viewer .
i tend to agree .
it is interesting to see how people lived and dressed during those times .
the modern sequence is filmed mostly on location in san francisco .
it is cool to see how san fran looked back then .
the generation gap between the mother and her sons is very evident .
this was the roaring 20 's !
katherine orrison gives an insightful commentary on both films but see seems to have a special fondness for this one .
i can understand why .

1
at the beginning of this film , rin-tin-tin 's fictional back-story is explained -- evidently , he emerged during world war i in germany and had a sister , but the sister got tb and died .
however , rinty was taken from the germans by allied forces and brought back ... to the great white north ... as a mascot .
he gets lost when his cage falls off a sled , and he winds up being raised by wolves .
some time later , he finds a human ( the human star of the piece , walter mcgrail , who `` speaks `` in the inter-title cards with the kind of bogus french accent often found in `` northwest `` outdoor dramas , whether they be set in canada or alaska ) , nurses him back to health , and goes after his attacker .
we then enter one of those archetypal western melodrama plots , here transferred to the `` northwest `` genre , where a young lady is coveted by the successful business owner who tries to sabotage her poor , hard-working , honest beau .
director chester m. franklin returned to working with dogs both in the silent era ( wild justice ) and the early sound era ( his last directorial credit is tough guy with rin tin tin jr. and jackie cooper ) , and his last credit of any kind is the 1951 lassie classic the painted hills , which he produced .
i 've seen two other silent rin-tin-tin epics , and this one , running a full 75 minutes , is the most complex and the most satisfying .
i watched it with my teenage daughter ( her brother went out to the multiplex and saw the ring 2 , which is his loss !
) , and she sat through the whole thing , enjoying watching the wheels of melodrama plot development turning ( and finding the depiction of women as weak , dependent figures who faint at important moments to be quite interesting !
) and surrendering to rinty 's undoubted charisma .
this may have been made 82 years ago , but it 's still an exciting family-friendly adventure , and the `` northwest `` setting gives it a little local ( if imprecise !
) color .
highly recommended !
the print quality and transfer on the grapevine dvd are fantastic .
there are a number of beautifully framed shots of dogs and wolves in the wilderness , some of which could be framed and hung on a wall , and they look like they were filmed yesterday ( just turn up the brightness and sharpness settings on your television ) .

1
a remarkable film from 1924 , of immense historical interest .
see the turbulence of russia as it was just a few years after the 1917 revolution and the subsequent war against the white army .
but see it all in the context of a most amazing futurist film , at least the equal of the other two equivalent futurist greats from germany and britain - metropolis ( 1927 ) and high treason ( 1928 ) , respectively .
arguably it is the best of the three , with avant garde sets and costumes that could have come straight out of the bauhaus ' choreography workshop .
the version shown on australian tv had a presumably later added music score that was just so perfect and integrated to the film 's plot and visuals that it could not possibly have been better had it been original .
it had a mesmerising robotic , minimalist , mechanical and repetitive character that was simply made for a futurist and surreal film like this .
the cyrillic characters of the silent narration only add ( for us westerners , at least ) to the mystery and surreality of the whole story , and one can only feel sorry for those who , after all this tour-de-force , feel shortchanged from an unfulfilled need for a more banal storyline .
or aggrieved by the perception of the film as mere propaganda .
there 's always reruns of rambo and the green berets for you , fellers !
it 's a pity most cinephiles are oblivious to the existence of this film , as wider availability and screening would ensure its fame as one of the greatest silent , futurist and early modern films .

1
science fiction is a genre just as old as film itself and its history extends to the year of 1902 when georges melies made the first fantasy film , a trip to the moon .
he 's often considered as the father of fantasy but not necessarily of science fiction .
the first actual sci-fi pictures were made in 1920 's , and aelita was the very first one .
yakov protazanov was one of the many soviet artists who returned to their home country after the new economic policy , which gave more freedom to them and entrepreneurs .
his first film on this `` emigrant `` era was aelita .
a science fiction which might seem like a dull fantasy film on the surface but from which many depths and layers can be found .
it 's an excellent satirical depiction of the world in 1924 .
a film strictly tied to its own time is also paradoxically extremely timeless : the thought of escaping one 's marital problems to mars is n't a distant idea for many of us .
an engineer , living in moscow , is dissatisfied with his life and starts planning a machine that would take him to mars -- inspired by a series of mysterious radio signals from outer space .
he suspects his wife for having an affair , shoots her , travels to mars with a jolly red army soldier and followed by a policeman .
in mars the engineer falls in love with aelita , a beauty , who decides to join them .
they succeed in stirring up a socialistic revolt but get betrayed and thrown into jail .
in the end everything turns out to be just a dream and a reflection of the engineer 's family problems -- the also had a machine through which they could observe the earth .
even his wife turns out to be unharmed and loyal .
the film is based on a science fiction by aleksei tolstoy , and according to the soviet film foundation the film 's disloyalty for the original novel reduces its artistic value .
aelita 's visual luminosity of cubist setting entitled it for its huge international success which the film received more than any earlier soviet film , before the enormous appreciation of battleship potemkin .
the film attains a gorgeous picture of soviet union , and the world , and how it was like in the year of 1924 .
the , which equals most of the film , builds a great picture of the soviet society : full trains , a decadent night club , and the new culture ; posters , agitprop ( department for agitation and propaganda ) elements and the orphanage in which the engineer 's wife works at .
references of things to come are a part of it which already foreshadow fritz lang 's metropolis ( 1927 ) : workers oppressed to the status of slaves beneath the ground , the destruction mechanism in which bodies are dropped down from a conveyor belt .
the most interesting thing in aelita is its satirical grip of modern time , the film 's own time : the .
it was an economic policy proposed by vladimir lenin , who called it state capitalism .
it tried to give more freedom to entrepreneurs in order to revive the country , but just as usually it led to relentless incontinence .
aelita summarizes what life was like during the , about which ian christie has written so brilliantly that i do n't even bother trying my luck : `` idealism and opportunism were blooming , a political situation turns into the dramatic and ideological central of the film . ``
the portrayal of soviet everyday life and the world in general is extremely fascinating in aelita ; socialism is just a dream , an unreachable utopia ?
the new , noble and not-so-great , world was just as stirring and confusing to protazanov as the .
the film also shows the earth seen from another planet and conducts a dialogue between these two worlds .
the mysterious radio messages and fantasies of an alien planet were just as weird and fantasy-like , for a soviet viewer , as the outside world -- soviet union was incredibly isolated during the 1920 's .
this is why a director , who had just returned to his home country , was entitled to depict and research this outside world .
he had the qualifications to create a futuristic world from whose perspective our 's was enchanting -- pure science fiction .

1
although it resembles traditional melodrama in many ways , it 's actually quite easy to spot the influence of impressionism and naturalism in jean renoir 's ( solo ) debut feature whirlpool of fate .
from naturalism renoir inherits a sense of determinism , which is there in the lack of control that the hapless waif protagonist has over her own life , the sense that she 's the victim of larger ( in this case societal ) forces working against her .
thus , we begin with the mysterious accidental death of her father that shatters her happy life and leaves her reliant on a lousy ne'er - do-well of an abusive uncle , who she flees only to get herself caught in various other bad situations , including a conflict between gypsies and townsfolk and even an encounter with a literal whirlpool .
even her eventual shot at salvation comes about due to more or less random occurrences and coincidences .
from the impressionist school we get some nice cinematic techniques that add a lot of interest to an otherwise depressing story .
an early scene in which the uncle attacks our heroine includes some camera tricks that suggest confusion and anger via rapid movements and blurring .
later on there are some rapid montages that call eisenstein and the russian formalist school to mind .
most importantly , there is a scene that gives a sense of the delirium brought on by the girl 's confusion and sickness .
in one shot , the character simultaneously appears stricken against a tree and running , fleeing form the jeering enemies that surround her as she mentally is still stuck in the situation that caused her disorientation .
in spite of the conventionality of certain plot elements and certain aspects which suffer a slight bit due to renoir 's obvious inexperience , this is a surprisingly well put together film which reflects two of the most important artistic movements of the day .
altogether , whirlpool of fate is truly a hidden gem and a worthy start to a distinguished career .

1
i did not enjoy `` girl shy `` quite as much as harold lloyd 's most famous feature length film , `` safety last ! ``
, but i still had a good time with it .
lloyd plays a hapless tailor 's assistant who stutters terribly whenever around women ( watching lloyd stutter in silence , by the way , is hilarious ) .
to make up for in fantasy what he lacks in reality , he writes a book about the conquest of his many ( fictional ) women , and travels to the big city with the dream of having it published to tremendous success .
the publisher takes it as a big joke and thinks it will be a hit as a piece of comedy .
lloyd is , of course , crushed that no one will take him seriously , but the joke 's on everyone else when he manages in true lloyd style to win the girl of his dreams .
i 'm only a very recent harold lloyd convert , but now that i 've seen a few of his films , i have to say that i like his brand of silent humour much more than charlie chaplin 's .
lloyd 's physical stunts are stunning , and `` girl shy `` builds to a tremendously fun and exciting climax as lloyd rushes to claim the girl before she 's wed to another , braving every manner of transportation imaginable in ever-increasing outrageous set pieces .
but lloyd 's acting impresses too -- he 's not just a silly clown with a knack for physical comedy .
lloyd does as much with his face as he does with his rubber limbs .
another harold lloyd winner .
grade : a

1
long live harold !
this is a charming silent comedy where my hero plays a shy boy writing a book about the ways to seduce a woman .
he wants to publish it , but the editor thinks this is a funny book .
in his way , harold fells in love with a beautiful young woman .
this love helps him to stop being girl shy .
very funny gags , and also a sensitive way to illustrate love ( such beautiful scenes are frequents in harold 's movie ) .
this is also a great opportunity to see the beauty and the talent of the wonderful jobyna ralston .
see it !
and see all the harold lloyd movies of the 1920 's !
he was and still is one of the best comic actors in hollywood history .

1
i really liked this film a lot .
in particular , the cinematography was absolutely lovely -- very artistic and it set the mood for romance between the leads .
harold is a very shy guy who has zero luck with girls .
much of this is due to the fact he is painfully shy and tends to stutter around women !
however , he has created an alter-ego who has written a manuscript for a book on dating and details his many , many `` conquests `` .
he 's sure the book will be published and allow him to quit his job as an apprentice tailor .
a little later , a very sweet and unspoiled rich girl , by chance , meets harold and they are both smitten .
their romance is really pretty sweet and , perhaps , does border on being a little syrupy -- but i still liked it .
however , through a misunderstanding concerning his book ( he thinks it wo n't be published and can not afford to marry ) , he breaks off his engagement to this lovely girl -- only to have her accept the offer from a bigamist !
well , harold finds out later that his book will be published and that she is to web this scoundrel , so with no time to lose , he races to stop the wedding .
much of the last portion of the film is devoted to this incredibly long but funny mad dash to save her .
about the only negatives , and they are minor , are that the chase at the end has been done before ( though rarely as well ) and the whole stuttering thing seems like a cheap way to get a laugh .
really -- these are n't terrible complaints -- it still is a nearly perfect film .

1
i must admit that i completely underestimated this film .
though i had enjoyed the harold lloyd features that i 'd seen previously , somehow i expected ` girl shy ( 1924 ) ' to be a rather tame slapstick comedy .
never would i have anticipated a film of such staggering comedic brilliance , a romantic tale with enough emotional pangs to please chaplin , and yet an astonishing climactic action sequence that would make keaton proud .
harold lloyd , the genius of 1920s comedy , here justifies his incredible popularity with silent cinema audiences -lcb- in fact , he enjoyed more commercial success than both of his famous contemporaries -rcb- .
the film was the first to be produced under lloyd 's production company , the harold lloyd corporation , but both fred c. newmeyer and sam taylor -lcb- who had previously collaborated to direct the legendary ` safety last !
( 1923 ) ' -rcb- returned to helm this latest production .
` girl shy ' is what lloyd liked to call a `` character story , `` as opposed to a `` gag film , `` though the plot does an exceptional job of retaining room for significant elements of both .
` girl shy ' tells the story of harold meadows , a bespectacled young apprentice at a tailor shop who stutters uncontrollably at the sight of a beautiful woman , and yet , ironically , fancies himself experienced enough to write a best-selling instructional manual on how to `` make love `` with the opposite sex .
when harold unexpectedly meets the girl of his dreams , a modest beauty from a wealthy family , his views on woman suddenly do a somersault , and it 's going to take every ounce of his energy to prevent his newfound sweetheart from marrying a coarse and arrogant bigamist .
the first half of ` girl shy ' plays out like a typical silent romantic comedy , with the harold boarding a train at his hometown of little bend to present his completed book to a city publisher .
a pretty girl , mary ( jobyna ralston ) , despairs at not being allowed to bring her pet dog aboard , but harold selflessly aids her in concealing the pooch , even barking frantically and devouring dog biscuits in order to maintain the deception .
after the publishers laugh at the ineptitude of his work , harold dejectedly decides that he 's not worthy of such a lovely woman , and , in the film 's most heartbreaking sequence , pretends that their entire romance had been nothing but a callous experiment .
mary reluctantly agrees to marry her long-time suitor ( carlton griffin ) , a rich and conceited man , and so harold , upon hearing the announcement , frantically attempts to prevent the wedding .
it is then that the film truly kicks into full stride , temporarily forgetting any notions of romance and embarking on a frenetic cross-country excursion that is , without a doubt , one of the most exhilarating sequences of the silent era .
hijacking every known means of locomotion -- a car , a horse , a tram , a motorcycle , a -- harold storms towards the wedding ceremony with all his might , confronted by every misfortune imaginable and then defeating it with his incredible resourcefulness and quick-thinking .
storming into the wedding like benjamin braddock in ` the graduate ( 1967 ) , ' harold lifts the bride over his shoulder and escorts her towards a lifetime of happiness .
he 's certainly earned it .

1
before i saw `` he who get 's slapped `` my 3 favorite movies were the empire strikes back , evil dead 2 , and star trek ii .
this movie is 180 degrees from any of those movies , in fact , it 's in a whole other universe .
this silent film that opened in 1924 changed my movie tastes so much that it 's amazing .
i was just channels one night after studying for a final for 3 hours and stopped on tcm for a second because robert osborne said that it starred lon chaney .
in my , i thought he was talking about the guy who played the wolf man , but this is in fact lon chaney sr. .
junior is the guy who had played wolfie .
so i started watching it and was about to change it when i found out it was a silent film .
but i stayed with it for a few minutes , and soon i was enraptured .
2 hours later , i was riveted to the edge of my seat as he 's struggle came to a climax .
well , the next day , i failed the test .
but i learned more watching that movie than i could ever learn in 320 .
since then , i have watched tcm religiously ( when i 'm not studying of course ) and now i realize that 99 % of movies made in modern times are vastly inferior to the old classic movies .
black and white rules if you have n't seen he who gets slapped .
track it down and watch it .
it is way better than the phantom menace .

1
considered the very first mgm production ( which featured the well known lion amidst its emblem ) , this is not a horror story despite the presence of lon chaney ( who starred in a number of successful grand films ) , but something of a love story , even if chaney loves from afar and goes to extreme lengths to protect the object of his affection .
he plays paul beaumont , a failed scientist who has been slapped -- literally -- by the science community , his wife maria ( ruth king ) , and her , the baron ( mark mcdermott ) .
defeated , he has retreated to the underbelly of society : the world of the circus freaks .
as the clown he , beaumont is the man with the main attraction , a routine in which he gets slapped hundreds of times by other clowns -- a repetition of his humiliation inciting uproarious laughter from the audience .
the only thing which lights him up is the ingã©nue consuelo ( norma shearer in an early role ) whom he loves in silence .
she in turn loves bezano ( john ) , but is about to be forced into marriage to the baron .
here is when he concocts a terrible revenge to protect consuelo .
a classic romantic setup with eerie undertones , he who gets slapped is an excellent film which makes us feel pity for this mistreated man , portrayed by lon chaney like no one could .
the quintessential wronged man , he plays the crying clown to the extreme , and while we know and accept he will not get the girl -- chaney rarely did -- the element of pathos is there .
his performance in this movie is one of the most moving of all cinema history , and it takes a special type of talent to embrace the grotesque and delve so deep into human pain .
even the inter-cuts in which he spins a massive globe have a frenetic tragic quality about them : he is effectively spinning the law of fate .
as a footnote , this was not norma shearer 's first performance ( her first recorded appearance dates from 1920 as an extra ) but it is the first she did for mgm , playing an ingã©nue although she was 24 years old at the time .
as the object of the love consuelo ignores , she is apt but pales in comparison to her co-star .
chaney is the life , the soul , the very reason of this story 's existence .

1
it 's somewhat strange that mgm 's first film contains three people who each achieved superstardom : lon chaney , whose following is immense , both then and now ; john gilbert , an overlooked and maligned sex symbol who has his own band of followers , of which i am one ; and norma shearer , an actress unfairly dismissed as the product of clever packaging and promotion by her fiance and , later , husband , irving thalberg .
i 've always liked her , and in this film , she gives a hint of her future charisma on the screen .
the story of he who gets slapped is quite melodramatic and is handled with european eccentricity ( director sjostrom ) , but it is still head a shoulders above most of the movies made today .
the circus scene when ford sterling rips chaney 's heart from his costume and buries it in the sand of the center ring is simply bizarre in its darkness .

1
paul beaumont is a scientist living in the villa of baron wants to prove his theories on the origin of day he is ready to go before the academy of the find out his wife marie has an affair with the is the baron presenting paul 's theories and is praised by all the tries to shout those are his theories but the baron calls him insane and slaps him.they all laugh at him.then he finds out about their affair and is called a clown by his years have passed , paul has become a clown by the name of he who gets comedy routine is to get slapped by all the other clowns in the people love him.but he hates in the circus joins a bareback rider called consuelo , the daughter of baron clown falls in love with the she loves the daredevil rider one day the clown sees the baron in the girl 's father wants her to marry the clown has to safe the girl she loves , safe her from a fate worse than director victor sjã¶strã¶m is the behind he who gets slapped ( 1924 ) .
it 's a wonderful movie showing the tears of a chaney , the star of the silent era shines in the lead.he really pulls off the part of the sad shearer is amazing as gilbert is great as marshall does great job as count mcdermott is terrific as baron sterling is magnificent as king does very good job as marie a certain bela lugosi is there as clown this is n't very sure , it 's based on the resemblance of a particular actor to is a very good film of the silent feel for the feel for him when he tells about his feelings for consuelo and she does n't take him seriously because he is a even slaps him ending sequence is quite amazing.he tries to prevent the baron from marrying gets stabbed by the count , but there is an angry lion he has count and the baron go into the room where he has released the both get killed by the collapses on the stage and dies in her 's the end of this clown 's story .

1
most of his films find harold lloyd struggling for success against impossible odds in order to make good and win the girl .
hot water is atypical , for here we find that lloyd has already made good and won the girl -- but now he has to put up with his in-laws , and his wife 's family is enough to the bravest man : a nasty baby brother , a older brother , and a mother who has `` a natural gift for destruction . ``
this short film -- which finds lloyd dismayed when he wins a live turkey at a raffle , the victim of some truly savage , and then convinced that he has accidentally killed his hateful mother-in-law -- abounds with one sight gag after another , and easily equals any of the longer and better known films lloyd made later in his career .
with his signature straw hat , round glasses , and innocent enthusiasm , lloyd personifies the go-getter spirit of the 1920s , and he is generally regarded as one of the three great male silent comics ; sadly , however , his films have been somewhat neglected over the years and seldom receive the attention showered on the films of charlie chaplin and buster keaton .
if you 've never been exposed to lloyd beyond his famous safety last , you 'll find hot water an excellent place to begin -- a film sure to make you want to see more and more .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

1
less profound than keaton , less versatile than chaplin , harold lloyd was still closer , on a literal level , than either of them to his intended , middle-class audience .
when we think of the 1920s , we usually conjure up images of flappers and fitzgerald , paris and prohibition , the jazz age , but for most bourgeoisie , the decade was an of conservative , conformist , almost victorian values , that we most readily associate with the 1950s - family , suburbia , of new contraptions , keeping up with the neighbours .
although dismissed as , hot water is an hilarious , benevolent satire on precisely the same traumas - domestic entrapment , emasculated masculinity , dehumanising dominance of technology - that would haunt the likes of sirk , minnelli or ray .
the film begins with disruption , rupture , misunderstanding and absence as a furious father at a wedding wonders where the bridegroom is .
we cut to said absentee , who through a series of disasters ended up at the wrong church , and his harold , who thinks him an idiot for giving up the joys of bachelorhood he 'll never forsake .
as he swears this , he bumps into a beautiful woman he immediately falls in love with .
he should have listened to his own advice .
henpecked from the start , he has the additional problem of in-laws - an , a layabout elder brother , and a brattish younger one - who are always dropping in .
harold has just bought a car on hire purchase , and the family invite themselves on a ride that sees harold breaking numerous laws , barely escaping life-threatening mishaps , and eventually crashing into an .
at home , spurred on by a sympathetic neighbour and drink , he decides to confront his mother-in-law .
i have no idea why even lloyd fans do n't rate this film .
on a simple entertainment level , the set-pieces are superbly inventive and funny .
forced to purchase a babel of groceries by his wife , harold also has the misfortune to win a live turkey .
on a tram home , harold annoys the other passengers by dropping his groceries , having his turkey peck at neighbours , kick an uncharitable commuter as he tries to shake out a large spider up his trousers .
the scene climaxes with the subversive fowl exposing the undergarments of a priggish matron , and harold being kicked off the tram .
this scene is superbly choreographed , but also supremely satirical , revealing at once the consumer craze of lloyd 's ( and our 's ) society , the need to accumulate to acquire status , and yet the way such zeal can against that status , because of the way it disrupts less modern forms of ` gentility ' .
the expulsion from the tram of harold by a gang of is equally chilling .
this lack of power in the public realm extends to the private also , in which a man 's home is not his castle .
it 's nice to see mother-in-law jokes are not confined to dodgy old english comics , and harold 's is a real monster , as well as a leading light of the community , bulky , , campaigner , dabbler in the occult and ( in a brilliant sequence , she rises slowly from her bed ) .
her threat to harold is both gendered - in that she , a woman , makes him ridiculous and subservient , not a man who dominates his own home - and generational , as harold , with his new gadgets , is constantly bedevilled by mother 's matronly , insistent , old-world advice .
the clash is quite subversive , especially in the car sequence , which leaves a policeman driven into a lake , and a wake of destruction .
the tension between modern capitalism and older conservatism is again brilliantly visualised .
the car itself is fetishised as the spanking image of modernity , totem of freedom and progress .
lloyd exposes the myth of this - the bright black contraption not only takes him right back to where he started ( in vast debt too ) , but is absolutely destroyed .
this is a technology , a progress , a capitalism , that is running too fast for a society to catch up with .

1
i saw this film last night at a special movie theater showing in , and it was superb .
i do have to admit that the original music composition of the cello player and player influenced the mood of the film , but the film itself also had force in its portrayal of the tragic nibelungen saga .
if you are interested in silent films or in the , i highly recommend this film .
the costumes were fantastic and creative , the sets were opulent and exotic , and the acting was dramatic and breathtaking ( as is typical of silent film `` tragedies `` ) unfortunately , i have not seen the first part of this film duo that concerns siegfried .
the story of this second film begins after siegfried 's death , when ( gudrun in the norse versions of the story ) begins to plan her revenge against her brothers .
also , i watched this film in german ; i am a native english speaker and have a basic german knowledge .
it was difficult to read the ?
subtitles ( what do you call that in silent films ?
) at first because of the old style german script , so i advise that if you watch it in german that you make sure you can differentiate your `` k 's `` , `` f 's `` , and `` s 's `` in the old script .
: )

1
this is a silent film from the same director ( renã© clair ) who later made the highly original `` ã nous la libertã© ! ``
.
oddly , despite being a terrific film and me being a huge fan of silents , i have never heard about it .
it certainly deserves to be better remembered .
the film begins with a man coming home from his job at the top of the eiffel tower .
he is amazed to see that everyone has stopped dead in their tracks and are immobile .
for a while he thinks he 's the only living and moving person , but soon an airplane lands with some others just like himself -- mobile and alert .
for days the small group cavorts , though after a while tempers flair -- after all , they are hour guys and only one woman !
just before they can kill each other , they receive a wireless communication from another woman in paris , so they run to her address .
according to the new lady , her crazy father is an inventor and made a `` ray `` that has literally stopped everyone in their tracks .
the guy in the tower and people in the airplane were not effected because the ray had a limited height .
the new girl was unaffected because the scientist made the house !
while there is more to this story , i need to point out for a silent it was well written , acted and directed and has aged very well as a result .
this fantasy/sci-fi film is so unique and charming , i encourage all lovers of the silents to look for it -- you wo n't be sorry .

1
when it comes to pure entertainment , there are very few silent movies that come close to peter pan .
this whimsical story is also exceptional because i think that adults would enjoy the film at least as much as kids .
why does the film deserve such praise ?
well , the biggest reason is that for a movie made in 1924 , it was amazingly modern for its time and it appears as if paramount studios spared little expense in bringing this j. m. barrie story to the screen .
one example are the flying sequences .
in almost every instance , you could see no wires and the kids really looked like they were flying !
second , when they showed the home of peter and the lost boys , it was a magical and wonderful place with giant mushrooms for chairs , glowing jack-o-lanterns as lights and the coolest beds i 've ever seen .
the place was a magical lair in every sense .
another example was when hook 's boat began to fly -- it was a great scene .
in fact , the more i think about it , there were many more wonderful scenes -- too many to list here .
the story just looked wonderful and had among the best set designs and stunts of any silent films and i would rank it among best best of the age , such as the cabinet of dr. caligari , faust or wings .
this was a top production in every sense -- well , every sense but one .
while i liked it , it was kind of silly to make nana the dog and the crocodile people in costumes .
some might really think this is cheesy , but i really thought it was charming .
as for the story itself , it was super entertaining .
the only problem i noticed and reason the movie does not earn a 10 were the embarrassing and unnecessary comments throughout the film .
while i am very happy and proud to be an american , this film was inappropriate in making everyone gung ho americans -- even though in the original , they were english .
four different times in the movie they made reference to this -- such as the lost boys singing patriotic american songs when they were caught and another time when wendy told her brothers to `` act like proper american gentlemen `` .
you would almost think the movie had been made during the war due to all these references , but it was n't .
still , apart from this minor problem , it was a heck of a wonderful film .
this video was released by kino international .
the print was absolutely pristine and the accompanying music exceptional .

1
one of the first versions of this in film that i know of .
and still magical and charming to this day .
i own this on dvd .
it 's a must own for any fan of barrie 's children 's classic and for anyone who loves silent movies .
i love both .
this film is funny and amusing both intentionally and , often , unintentionally .
many of the effects are impressive even by todays standards .
illusions , like the close ups of the fairy tinkerbell , are sort of breath-taking .
other effects like people in furry animal suits and clumsy mermaid tales seeming tortured and uncomfortable , are pretty funny .
that is n't to say that circus clown george ali was n't freaky running around on all fours in a big , , hot , furry dog suit .
i 've never seen anyone on all fours move and jump around like that .
kinda freaky , but i was definitely impressed .
todays audience are bound to crack a few snide jokes about the numerous scenes of actress betty bronson as peter , kissing and snuggling the other female performers .
i know on stage that peter is traditionally played by a woman , but these scenes do make you smirk a little and think , `` be gay `` .
it 's also fun to get a chance to view the legendary , but seldom known these days , ana may wong as tiger lilly .
the only real problem with this delightful classic is the americanization of it .
jeez .
i thought disney americanized this material but this film actually changes the country from england to the united states .
no offense to america , but this is a english story and to americanize it and have the children sing `` my country ` tis a thee .
. ``
, is all wrong for the english ` peter pan ' .
still , this is a wonderful adaptation and even for a silent movie , amusingly quaint .
it might seem too outdated for the average kid these days , but who wants to be average anyway .
there 's plenty here for any adult viewer who is sentimental and nostalgic about barrie 's ` peter pan ' and loves old , archival cinema .
merry christmas .

1
a film projectionist ( buster keaton ) longs to be a detective , and puts his meager skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend 's father 's pocket watch .
when i first saw this film , i had not had much experience with the works of buster keaton or charlie chaplin , though i planned to change that .
regardless , i knew right away that `` sherlock jr `` was a marvel to behold , impressive in general and even more noteworthy given the fact many of the camera tricks were likely cutting edge at the time of the filming .
seeing it again confirmed and heightened my view of keaton and `` sherlock jr `` .
this could possibly be the greatest silent film ever made .
with all due respect to `` sunrise `` and the other greats , how do you beat these skills ?
at the very least , i would have to argue this is the greatest silent comedy of all time .
keaton 's comedic style is incredible , in this case relying on situations for him to show off his skills -- an amazing pool trick , a magician 's escape , a tumble and disguise ... and all of this capturing my attention without the aid of sound .
you can only tell a story with what you have , and keaton pushed his acting and directing abilities to the limit .
even if you do not like `` old `` films , you have to see this one .
at least give it a chance .

1
keaton 's first feature-length masterpiece may not be as coherent and emotionally bittersweet as some of his later work , but scene for scene it 's filled with ingenious gags and wonderful directorial touches .
the masterfully realized cinema dream sequence alone - showing buster entering a movie screen and becoming the helpless victim of the film-within-the-film 's narrative structure - renders this playful fantasy an outstanding silent comedy with well-nigh self-reflexive modernist underpinnings .
not a single second is wasted and the sheer amount of brilliant visual jokes puts today 's comedies to shame .
9 out of 10 explosive billiard games

1
i love how great silent films have the ability to carry you away into the story .
this movie is by far one of my favorites .
the plot , the characters , the actors , the mise-en-scene , the music , allll flowed together so well .
the costumes were on point .
i adored the hair , make-up and overall style the actors portrayed .
the camera work was so intriguing !
especially the parts where a movie was being filmed inside this movie .
i thought that was awesome .
the lighting in this film was not as dramatic as some of the later films in hollywood .
i believe this gave it more of a realistic view .
the mise-en-scene is another thing that really played up on the realistic view of this film .
the music went perfectly with the story-line and overall motions of the actors .
when exciting music played and scenes were playing faster ... you could n't help but become excited too .

1
this movie really did amaze me , i really enjoyed the premise , and at first i was n't sure how the story would go , at the start i was a bit worried it would get boring but i was so wrong .
i loved the magic tricks ; jumping through the case , and the window , the train scene , and especially the movie theater scene as buster keaton 's dream self acts through the movie screen and the scenery keeps changing .
it was just so creative , unique , and entertaining .
the story was simple but it played out so well .
i thought the emotions were expressed wonderfully and it really drew my attention .
this is a movie i think anyone of any age , especially movie buffs , would enjoy .
this movie has given me a brand new appreciation for silent films .

1
before seeing this film , i had no idea who buster keaton was .
now i know !
what an amazing film .
i have only seen a few silent films , but even against modern day films , the students , the wit , and the humor used in this film is incredible .
as someone who would like to work with film in the future as a profession , it is staggering to me that such an old film can be so good .
maybe sherlock jr. .
is proof that like with other arts , that film cinema can remain relevant despite being limited by technology .
what an funny film .
what great acting .
what cleaver humor .
what a cute and sweet story , and intense stunts and effects .
incredible !

1
after watching the general , i could n't wait to get my hands on another buster keaton film .
minute for minute , sherlock jr. packs in just as many stunts and laughs , all while exploring the boundaries of cinematic creativity .
the film follows keaton as sherlock jr. , a movie theater projectionist that wants to become a detective .
after his girlfriend 's watch is stolen , he attempts to solve the case .
unfortunately , he is set up by the thief and subsequently banished from the family .
this leads him to return to the theater and dream about being a real detective .
sherlock jr. explores the frontiers of special effects at the time .
the scene where keaton enters a movie screen and interacts with the things inside of it is simply incredible ( not to mention hilarious ) , even by today standards .
the stunt work by keaton is also priceless .
the acting is great across the board ( of course , keaton shines the most ) .
the pacing is flawless ; there are no unnecessary dialog cards .
with a short running time of 44 minutes , it is perfect for casual entertainment .
i would say the general is a more complete masterpiece , but sherlock jr. equals it in many regards .
if you like movies ( and do n't mind a bit of the silent stuff ) , then you will like sherlock jr. .
.

1
`` sherlock , jr. `` , a black and white silent comedy film starring the genius antics and directorial vision of buster keaton is a film definitely worth watching .
knowing that this film was made in 1924 , well before digital manipulation , makes the physical stunts and gags very impressive to watch throughout .
for all charlie chaplin fans out there , keaton is just as good as him in this slapstick performance if not better .
the movie opens with a theater projectionist , played by keaton , sitting reading his book , `` how to be a detective `` to the dismay of the theater manager .
later , the projectionist is wooing a girl at her house but is in competition with another suitor , the sheik .
the sheik steals the girl 's father 's watch , pawns it , and buys a deluxe candy box for the girl .
the father ( played by keaton 's real life father ) announces his stolen watch status to those in the household , which includes the father 's handyman .
the sheik sets up the projectionist to take the fall for the theft thereby thwarting the projectionist 's attempt to play detective .
the projectionist is told never to return .
back in the theater , the depressed projectionist falls asleep while manning the projector that is running a film .
a dream sequence follows where the projectionist inserts himself into the film .
the combination of scene changes from actual sets to film scenes where the projectionist stays in the same position between changes is cleverly done .
the sequence continues as the projectionist , his boss , the girl , the girl 's father , the father 's hired hand , and the sheik replace the characters in the theater film .
the sheik , now as the villain , steals the father 's pearls and the father phones sherlock jr. ( keaton ) to solve the crime .
worth watching are the billiard ball scene where sherlock jr. does n't hit the unlucky 13 ball , and the motorbike ride filled with jaw dropping stunts and sherlock jr. riding on the handlebars all the while thinking everything is in control .
keaton 's performance as the mild mannered projectionist contrasts perfectly with his performance as the sherlock jr. .
the projectionist is at the mercy of everyone while sherlock jr. defies all the odds .
the only two other performances worth mentioning are the father 's hired hand and the theater manager .
during the dream sequence both play parts opposite their characters seen in the first segment .
the trusted hired hand is the butler in on the pearl theft while the theater manager goes from being the annoyed boss to sherlock jr. 's quick costume changing assistant gillette much like artemus gordon in the ` wild wild west ' tv show .
one can rent this movie on dvd at , buy it cheaply online at , or obtain free at ones local public library ( if they have it ) .
one can also go online to to see if ones local blockbuster carries this dvd .
the dvd is titled `` our hospitality / sherlock jr. `` as it comes with another one of keaton 's classics `` our hospitality . ``
one should get this for their next hollywood silent movie era theme party and do as keaton - play detective and discover how delightful this comedy is .

1
this movie contains many many great stunts and effects beyond its day .
while making this move , buster keaton , being the person he is , broke his neck !
the stunts are completely terrific and so is the acting .
it is hard to apreciate some silent films , but this is a step above the rest ! ! !

1
one of the funniest films of the silent era and my personal favorite buster keaton film , sherlock jr. is an outstanding work of imagination , slapstick humor & technical craftsmanship by buster keaton .
although the beginning and end do n't do justice to what this movie is as a whole , the rest of the film is a rip-roaring , roller-coaster ride of laughter that everyone will find immensely satisfying & entertaining .
plus , the movie is only 45 minutes long and has the potential to do more good to you than many 2-hours plus disappointments .
therefore , do n't miss out this comedy classic .
one of the greatest silent films of all time , sherlock jr. is , in my opinion , buster keaton 's finest work .

1
`` the great comedian `` buster keaton , although a bit less popular than his counterpart charlie chaplin , is easily one of the most successful and famed comedic film - makers of all time , and along with the above mentioned movie icon , he pretty much dominated 1920 's comedy .
`` sherlock jr. `` is one of his most acclaimed and artistically successful films , in which he both stars and directs .
even today the film is a delight to watch , despite its old age , and has n't lost a bit of its playful charm .
it 's the brief story of a theatre projectionist who yearns to become a detective : he buys a box of chocolates for the girl he loves , but another man comes to his woman first , by giving her a pocket watch he secretly stole from the girl 's father .
when the father notices that his watch is gone , buster keaton 's rival slips the watch in his pocket , so that keaton is the one to blame .
humiliated and frustrated , he goes back to his job at the theatre , and dreams that he enters the movie that is being screened and solve the case of the stolen pocket watch .
even after 90 years , `` sherlock , jr. `` is just as charming to experience as back then in 1924 : the slapstick chase scenes are exquisite , just like the romantic moments .
but what makes this movie , and others of the same actor/director so wonderful to watch , is buster keaton himself , the most comical and successful fish-out-of-water persona in film history , the most sympathetic `` victim of the world `` ever seen on screen .
his influence on this sort of comical figure has inspired a lot of comedians in the years to come , making keaton one of the most influential figures in film history .
not only that , but he was also an artist aware of the power of film : `` sherlock , jr. `` is a strong statement of how movies can deeply affect our culture and our lifestyle , how they can transport us into another world : literally , that is what happens here .
balancing cinematic technical innovation with his vaudeville roots , buster keaton crafted one of the great masterpieces of the silent era , that is still remembered and praised by movie-goers and critics , considering both its influence and its value as an individual piece of work .

1
sherlock jr. has to be hands down one of my favorite silent films .
the whole film keeps you on your toes waiting to see what happens next .
buster keaton did an amazing job directing and starring in the film .
his energy and over exaggerating movements not only help explain what is going on but also are extremely hilarious .
also i have to give credit to the writers because the plot is very creative especially since this was one of the first films that there was a movie within a movie .
just the surrealism in that scene was great and not to mention buster 's acting with the different scene changes and stunts was phenomenal .
the photographer did a great job in picking the best compositions and shots that added to the film by bringing tension to some scenes and stunts .
this is a film that anyone who loves comedy and silent films definitely needs to see .

1
buster keaton 's most surreal movie sprang from his insistence on logic and realism .
his tribute to cinema was inspired by stage magic tricks he remembered from his vaudeville career .
his most dazzling and original movie is also one of his least formally perfect .
all these paradoxes belong naturally to this `` through the looking glass `` work , which examines the dream-like nature of film -- or is it the film-like nature of dreams ?
as buster told it , the origin of the film lay in his desire to use certain illusionary stunts , like the bewildering dive through a living assistant 's stomach , which he had learned the secret of as a child .
but he firmly believed that impossible or `` cartoon `` gags were not acceptable in feature films , so he could only include them by making them occur in a dream , which is also a film-within-a-film .
this is odd , when you think about it , since what he seems to be saying is that impossible things can happen in a film -- but this was the very rule he himself refused to break .
by creating an outer film that is `` real `` and an inner film that is `` not real , `` keaton shows that , while film enables illusions and distortions of reality , the filmmaker has a choice -- and a responsibility -- to clearly delineate fact from fantasy .
in one scene , keaton uses a camera trick ( dissolving a wall ) to prove that he 's not using a camera trick when he dives through a window and comes out disguised as an old woman .
because he was analytical , , and a stickler for authenticity , keaton took pleasure in revealing the processes of magic tricks , and camera tricks , rather than using them to fool the audience .
buster plays a hapless cinema projectionist who yearns to be a detective , but is so clueless that his romantic rival manages to frame him for stealing his girlfriend 's father 's watch .
in a dream , he enters the film he 's projecting and becomes a great detective who solves a similar crime .
while buster 's on-screen character is a schlemiel who can only achieve mastery in his celluloid fantasies , as a director keaton 's grasp of the mechanics of film-making enabled him to control the camera and its imagery as thoroughly and gracefully as he controlled his acrobatic body .
sherlock jr. is the most technically advanced film he ever made , including special effects ( as when buster steps through the screen and gets edited from park bench to street to mountain-top to lion 's den ) that can still leave audiences wondering , `` how in hell did he do that ? ``
it 's often said that keaton 's films inspire gasps rather than laughs .
well , i just saw sherlock jr. with an audience last night , and the laughter was loud and regular as fireworks on the fourth of july .
but it 's a particular kind of laughter : surprised , amazed , incredulous laughter .
the first half of the movie takes place in the `` real `` world ; it begins with some nice small-scale gags involving buster 's attempts to scrounge up money to buy candy for his girl , and his adorably awkward visit to her house .
after he has been thrown out due to his rival 's machinations , buster `` shadows `` the man ( literally , copying his every motion exactly ) , but is tricked again and trapped in a freight train .
there 's a beautiful shot where he runs along the top of the train , staying in the same spot on the screen while the cars zoom by under him in the opposite direction ; but i ca n't watch the stunt where he rides a down to the tracks without wincing , knowing he fractured his neck doing it .
the beginning of the dream sequence is one of the greatest self-reflexive scenes in the history of film , as buster 's ghostly double rises from his sleeping body , picks up his ghostly hat , marches down into the theater and steps into the screen .
have n't we all wanted to do this at some time ?
once over his turbulent introduction to the medium , buster becomes the elegant sherlock , jr. , investigating a theft of pearls from a mansion .
in a marvelous game of billiards , buster smoothly plays around an exploding 13 ball ; he escapes from the thieves ' den with one of the neatest tricks you 'll ever see ; he rides through busy streets on the handlebars of a motorcycle that no one is driving ; and he goes for a romantic sail in a floating car .
all this is packed into a mere 45 minutes .
significantly cut after poor previews , sherlock jr. has more in common with keaton 's short films than his features .
because of the fractured story-line , it does n't have the narrative coherence or trajectory of character development that most of keaton 's great features do .
his performance is split between the shy , inept projectionist and the suave , infallible detective .
he is totally convincing in both roles .
when he wakes from his dream , the projectionist finds that all is well : the girl has solved the mystery and come to apologize .
he is still timid as ever , so for a romantic denouement he looks to the screen : peeking out of his booth , he copies the actions of the movie hero wooing his leading lady .
this is keaton 's most trenchant bit of social satire : whose ideas of kissing and love-making have n't been influenced by what they see at the movies ?

1
this keaton classic is both funny and extremely clever in its construction .
our hero is a cleaner but dreams of becoming a detective , always with his nose buried in a book on the subject .
the first third of the film is much like any other comedy .
there are lost dollar bills , things sticking to other things , something stolen , mistaken identities .
our heroine is introduced in a charming scene where they seem terrified to hold hands .
her father is played by buster 's father joe keaton , who would appear in many of his son 's films .
there 's a mustachioed cad with slick hair and a sharp suit who is after the girl , a cartoon baddie who the audience instinctively knows deserves a hiss and not a cheer .
it is in junior 's other job as a cinema projectionist that the film comes alive .
we are watching the film he has set up and then , suddenly , he is part of the action .
in a sequence of great inventiveness , we see the film within a film changing scenes and watch with delight as the character adapts to each situation and surrounding .
sherlock jr is very funny but is also unusual and , in comparison with other comedies of the period , ahead of its time .
it includes some excellent stunts that are the equal of anything done by harold lloyd in the same period , and , although it has a very short running time , manages to develop a good storyline throughout .
justly feted as a masterpiece of silent comedy , sherlock jr represented one of the peaks of buster keaton 's cinematic career .
it is a film worth watching and has stood up well today .

1
monday september 12 , 2005 7:00 pm the seattle paramount theater `` say mr. detective , before you clean up any mysteries , clean up this theater . ``
in an age before computer generated effects sherlock jr 's out of control ride on the handlebars of a motorcycle is astonishing .
it is a sequence that could never be duplicated in the modern era .
buster plays a theater projectionist with dreams of becoming a master sleuth .
when he loses his girl to `` the local sheik `` buster retreats to a dream world where he literally steps into the movie he is screening and becomes the `` world 's greatest detective `` .
as `` sherlock jr. `` he dodges exploding billiards , falling blades and poisoned drinks , finally ending up on the motorcycle in what has to be keaton 's best and most unbelievable stunt .
as buster runs down a street he encounters a cop on a motorcycle .
the cop threatens to write him a speeding ticket and buster solicits his help .
jumping on the handlebars they speed along .
why is he running ?
it does n't matter .
the chase is central to most of keaton 's films .
the bike goes over a bump and the cop is bounced , leaving buster on his own but unaware no one is driving !
attempting to understand how keaton filmed this sequence is confounding .
there are shots in which we can assume he is in control and driving ( keaton 's coattails hide his position at one point ) .
there are other shots when the bike is obviously on a truck ( a wonderful shot shows buster racing a train to a crossing ) .
there are still other shots that seem impossible or at least extremely dangerous ( buster speeds along a road as ditch diggers fling dirt in his face ) .
years later , after an accident , x-rays of his neck revealed spinal fractures that may have been caused by the spills he took shooting this picture .
the brilliance and originality of visual gags throughout sherlock jr. make it one of keaton 's very best feature films alongside the cameraman and seven chances .
buster finds himself adrift `` three-and-a-half miles higher than a kite `` in the .
while he 's there he washes his socks !
when the balloon crash lands in the woods buster is menaced by bears and rescued by a stream fishing cutie in one of keaton 's simplest and most charming two-reelers

1
it 's hard to try and not chortle every time buster keaton 's face appears on the screen .
it 's even harder to not reveal the plot while appreciating this movie .
buster keaton has performed stupendous feats many a time in this movie that force you to pause the movie , seek back and watch it once more , if not twice .
he carries a ` deadpan face ' throughout the movie but does n't give the viewers a chance to keep their facial muscles straight and upright .
well , watch it for yourself if you feel the accolades were exaggerated .
watch it even otherwise , for this is a movie that deserves to be in everyone 's hard disks .

1
i 'll admit that i am still rather unacquainted with buster keaton 's greater body of work , but after having seen `` the general `` , i was a tad disappointed ; not that his stunts and staging were n't impressive , but i found the story uninteresting and the whole film not even as funny or entertaining as some of chaplin 's lesser works ( and i realize i 'm in the minority on this ) .
that being said , when i sat down to watch `` sherlock , jr. `` i was more than pleasantly surprised .
not only is the film ingeniously hilarious from beginning to end , it is also heartfelt and endearing , and the sequence where keaton actually walks into the silver screen is pure movie magic and is a perfect example of why cinema exists - because there 's no other way to appreciate such a moment .
i loved , it , and although i consider myself a die-hard chaplin aficionado , i think `` sherlock , jr. `` has made me a buster keaton fan , as well .

1
today was my off day from work so i decided to take advantage of that by going to the baton rouge gallery center for contemporary art to watch their first of their movies & music on the lawn monthly series of what is being referred to as `` `` which would devote the last weekend of each a silent comedy classic of various comedians of which this particular one was the first .
since i was n't a member of the , i had to pay $ 5 for the admission but the experience of sitting on a bench during a cool breeze at night while enjoying a $ 4 drink and seeing many other groups having their own picnic on the ground while viewing was well worth it .
and the live accompaniment of a local band called the ( new ) their electric guitar dominating much of the a fresh perspective to the happening .
before i review the movie proper , i have to admit to being a little self-conscious when i laughed loudly at many of the scenes since the audience did n't seem to laugh as much or at such a volume as i did but then maybe i would have been accused of doing it too much or too loud by some .
anyway , this was indeed mostly hilarious from beginning to end especially when buster keaton found himself in a movie as scenes keep changing .
other highlights include whenever he was on that motorcycle on the handlebars and he kept acting normally not knowing the driver had fallen down during the chase before narrowly avoiding many vehicles and disconnected bridges and especially that whole by the butler and keaton 's rival .
one more thing , if i had n't known about the ending by reading an earlier book that showed photos of that particular sequence , i probably would have been just as surprised as he was when that happened !
so on that note , sherlock jr. is highly recommended .
by the way , buster 's girlfriend 's father here is his actual dad , joe keaton .

1
just watched this early stan laurel comedy short produced by hal roach on the `` american slapstick `` dvd collection .
in this one , stan plays the title role as a discharged soldier looking for work .
so he gets a job in construction .
james finlayson plays his sergeant who later resurfaces as a co-worker in the building .
if you 're a laurel & hardy fan who 's also an admirer of finlayson 's work with them ( like me ) , you should find plenty to like here as stan botches several attempts at his new job with fin being hit several times as a result !
i especially liked the ladder bit when laurel keeps losing his hat and heavy roll he 's carrying with him .
not to mention a scene involving a wooden board , a saw , and wobbling board between the two frequent co-stars ( and another person holding said wobbling board ) that i thought was pretty hilarious .
i 've said enough so i 'll just recommend smithy .
p.s . i just watched the short again and the gag of a board staying on stan 's head after he turns around is nowhere to be found in the version i saw .
obviously , i 've been watching an edited version .

1
with this movie , eggeling found a new way of artistic expression that was followed later by hans richter , oskar , walter and norman mclaren .
eggeling was trying to explore new paths , new manners , and he really did it .
this new media , cinema , brought something that painters such as eggeling himself could never reach with their paintings : time .
including a new dimension in their artwork was something very challenging for them .
it was like mobile paintings .
and this is exactly what eggeling built up in this symphonie diagonale .
eggeling uses * only * images ( some geometrical animation ) to make music !
yes !
, that 's it !
i know it sound rare but he did it !
just try to imagine how , without any sound , just by showing us moving drawings , eggeling makes us feel rhythm , musical patterns and figures .
i would say that , even if the viewer is not a musical expert , he/she will surely discover , at least , the basics of music ( rhythm , for instance ) .
eggeling 's masterpiece is a trip into music , a magical illusion and a sensible picture of music through a different language .
something nobody should miss .

1
clean-shaven young john gilbert ( as james `` jim `` ) gets caught up in the patriotic fervor leading the peaceful united states into the great war ( aka world war i ) .
in joining `` the big parade `` of enlisted men , mr. gilbert leaves behind his pretty sweetheart and wealthy lifestyle - and ships out for war-ravaged france .
there , gilbert bonds with two lower-class soldier buddies : spitting laborer karl dane ( as `` slim `` jensen ) and rotund bartender tom o'brien ( as `` bull `` o'hara ) .
fortunately , france provides feminine distraction in the form of renã©e adorã©e ( as melisande ) .
gilbert takes ms. adorã©e for a walk , and falls in love ... king vidor 's `` the big parade `` is one of the most beautifully produced and directed silent epics of the 1920s .
mr. vidor gets the finest personnel at mgm - the studio certainly regarded , with the late 1925 release of this film and `` ben-hur `` , as the best in the business .
with these films , mgm had considerable evidence to back up boasting about having the biggest stars and the biggest pictures in the business ( for about two decades ) .
the film is also a personal triumph for silent idol gilbert , who was receiving , and handling , some of the best parts hollywood had to offer .
gilbert shaved off his suave moustache , and really does seem like the ordinary ( but wealthy ) looking soldier called for by the script .
gilbert manages both the comedy and drama scenes extraordinarily well .
the lengthy `` comic `` parts go on too long ; and , this is the film 's main weakness - but , the actors are not at fault .
and , gilbert 's `` `` scene is the most memorable comedy interlude .
contrastingly , the comic dane excels in his most dramatic moment .
there were no `` academy awards `` at the time - but , `` the big parade `` won `` best picture `` honors from `` photoplay `` , `` quigley publications `` , and `` the new york times `` ; it was released too late in the year to overtake chaplin 's `` the gold rush `` at `` film daily `` .
only quigley offered a `` best director `` honor , which went to vidor ; in hindsight , eisenstein 's `` potemkin `` would have to be considered better .
and , gilbert 's `` jim `` would have faced stiff `` best actor `` competition from chaplin 's `` tramp `` ( and gilbert 's own appearance in `` the merry widow `` ) .
john arnold 's photography should also be noted , as well as always dependable hobart bosworth and claire mcdowell .
do watch `` the big parade `` until the ending .
even if you guess ( or know ) what will happen , it 's beautifully done .
this is because vidor makes you think about gilbert 's american and french sweethearts , instead of the obvious ... ********* the big parade ( ) king vidor ~ john gilbert , renã©e adorã©e , karl dane , tom o'brien

1
king vidor , like descendant such as steven spielberg , became the biggest , most famous directors of their time both for their willingness and desire to give the people what they wanted , across as many genres as possible , to as many people as possible , and the big parade depicts that desire in plentiful spades .
the film is nominally a war film , taking place during world war i , where the wimpy , idle son of a rich businessman ( john gilbert ) is forced by expectations to join the army , and he is sent to the frontlines in france , where he befriends a few working-class soldiers , as well as finding a sweetheart , french cutie renee adoree .
their courtship features the second and third genres of the film , romance and comedy , as the sweet scenes where he teaches her how to chew gum is as charmingly endearing as the love scene where their attempts to whisper sweet nothings are hampered by their constant reliance on their separate translation books ; and what is romance without its cousin melodrama , who shows up in chunks to make you weep , lest you be too happy and not affected .
there 's tragedy and reunions in perfectly modulated chunks , and although i might have rolled my eyes once or twice , it 's mostly damn successful .
a grand , populist epic , the big parade delivers on everything it promises ( and it promises a lot ) , making it one of the better achievements of the entire silent era .
-lcb- grade : 8.5 / 10 ( b + ) / # 2 ( of 5 ) of 1925 -rcb-

1
what constitutes an `` anti-war `` movie is something i 've been discussing with friends for years .
i believe the words `` futility of war `` has to be included in the definition .
if ww1 was `` the war to end all wars `` it was an obvious failure , a failure of massive proportions .
and yet the carnage from that war was incredible .
this movie was the first to show the war from the point of view of the `` grunts `` fighting it .
but we do n't get that until the movie is half over , and that is what i think constitutes the film 's genius .
king vidor was a great director , one of the best of his time - others have already commented on his career .
but what he and the writer laurence stallings gave us in this film was the human dimension ; who were those people who fought the war ?
we meet john gilbert 's character jim and see him as a spoiled rich kid .
yes , it 's stereotypical , but when he watches a ` big parade ' he gets bitten with the patriotic bug and joins up .
i can relate to that - i joined the army in 1967 at age 19 , and so did a lot of my friends .
the middle section of the movie takes place in a french village where jim , his two buddies slim and bull , and the rest of the troops await activation .
i was actually a bit disappointed the film did n't show them going through training and becoming soldiers .
i think they could have done this and cut out a bit of the village sequences .
but nonetheless this is where the love story develops between jim and melisande .
it 's touching , a bit corny , and heart wrenching when jim finally has to leave for the front lines .
the battle scenes were revolutionary for cinema .
as snipers shoot at the advancing american troops , i 'm sure audiences were sweating it out .
i 'm also sure that ww1 veterans watching this movie in 1925 were probably flashing back to their experiences , and probably suffering some ptsd attacks , as vietnam combat veterans did when viewing oliver stone 's movie `` platoon `` more than 60 years later .
i personally believe that all quiet on the western front borrowed heavily from these scenes , particularly the scene where jim finds himself in a foxhole with a wounded german troop and finds that he ca n't kill him , though the wound he gave him earlier ultimately causes the german 's death .
yes , the ending is as corny as can be .
but jim 's coming home scene was riveting - and with today 's war in iraq bringing many young americans home without a limb or two , it is extremely relevant .
i did n't find jim 's rant in the foxhole to be over the top at all .
again , i think all quiet on the western front borrowed from it .
who is fighting the war ?
why is the war being fought ?
and who better to ask these questions than the troops on the ground .
given what 's transpired in the 82 years since the release of this movie , i find it a stirring anti-war film if for no other reason we know that the deaths of some of the film 's characters did not lead to an end to war , as they were promised .
and i think king vidor and laurence stallings knew that to be true when the movie was made , some dozen years before the outbreak of war in europe .

1
when we make our all-time lists , or discuss the history of cinema , appreciation of silent cinema generally extends to griffith , german expressionism , soviet montage and american comedy .
which leaves out that stunningly fertile grouping that provides some of the era 's richest pleasures , the american melodrama , exemplified in the work of king vidor and frank borzage .
these films may not offer visual strangeness , surrealist depth or technical innovation , but their pleasures are different and just as important , and it is no coincidence that the best anti-war films were made by these directors , freed from smart-alecky ` absurdist ' ` irony ' to truly depict the monstrous , stupid horrors of war .
` the big parade ' is so daring because it links this anti-war stance to a general critique of contemporary america , and the way capitalism fails its servants .
the film begins with massive vulgarities of construction and climaxes with blind destruction in a nightmare massacre in a foreign land in a war nobody knows the reasons for it being fought .
a true melodrama operates by its audience , lurching in tone , hurling one emotional crescendo after another until it becomes too much .
but the best melodramas are n't content to leave an audience reeling .
it might be excessive to call vidor a brechtian film-maker , but the way he sets up the metaphorical idea of the big parade is masterful .
there are three big parades in the film .
the first greets america 's entry into the war .
its effect is literally mindless ; the rich , shiftless , playboy idler james , who has no intention of risking his pretty skin at war , finds himself tapping along to the martial music and wild cheering in spite of himself .
already , the glorious image of american patriotism , is being undermined .
how much so is shown by the second parade , as a cortege of army trucks head for the front .
the war scenes in this film are , for me , the most vivid on film .
the first half of the movie was a richly satisfying mixture of romance and comedy , introducing the main characters in typical hollywood fashion .
.
it is supposed to be a war , but all we see the soldiers do is menial tasks , drinking , play-acting , lovemaking etc . .
we learn to enjoy these characters so much we hope the war never interrupts them .
of course , it does , and it 's horrifying .
the film becomes less hollywood , almost avant-garde .
personality and individuality are erased as vidor shoots these dumb , mechanistic shadows , seeming to obey a hypnotising deity , clearing a way through the forest , being picked off arbitrarily .
the fear becomes even worse when they put on their gas masks , their dehumanisation complete , our identification lost .
they become as faceless as their enemy in this abstract , inexplicable war .
what 's worse is the war 's setting , the distant trees reminding us of the natural idyll in which james and melisande ; although even here , when a private got stuck in the mud , reminding us of the nearby trenches , the signs were ominous .
the dragging out of our three heroes ' fates is intolerable , compelling , and finally , cruelly , elided .
the last big parade sees a convoy of ambulances returning from the front , to an ironically cathedral .
vidor 's quiet visual vocabulary in this film is extraordinary - from the surreal image of a walking barrel ; to the famous parting scene , comic and heartbreaking , melisande clutching the leg jim will soon lose ; the shelled farm to which an injured jim returns .
jim sees all this horror , and has to go home to the america that was extolled at the beginning , an america whose blue collars were massacred because they were plenty , while the cheated on their brother 's fiancee .
jim has seen too much , and thanks to the rich , novelistic , 19th century humanism of the film 's first have , giving onto the frighteningly anonymous 20th century slaughter , courtesy of vidor , so have we .
and as jim hobbles to meet a lost past , hollywood gives us one of its rare brave endings , with small comfort and a host of unresolved problems .

1
even though i have already heard a great deal about this film , i was surprised to see the strength of the movie .
it holds up very well , and it â´ s not very dated , except for some short comic scenes where john gilbert is with his friends .
there are several great and memorable moments , especially the one in which gilbert and reneã© are separated and the end of the movie , which is still very powerfull .
an almost perfect film .

1
stan laurel ( ) appeared in several short comedies that were parodies of big-budget hollywood dramas .
although most of these are quite funny , all ( with one exception ) are seriously weakened by extremely low budgets .
` dr pyckle and mr pryde ' is the exception ; not only is this movie hilarious , but it benefits from some elaborate exterior and interior sets evoking victorian london .
in the early 1980s , when i interviewed joe rock ( this movie 's producer ) , he recalled that he had obtained access to sets on the universal pictures lot , and costumes from universal 's wardrobe department .
by 1925 , there had already been several film versions of ` dr jekyll and mr hyde ' , including the bootleg ` der ' and at least one parody .
modern audiences , who know jekyll and hyde from films rather than from literature , usually miss an important point : in stevenson 's original novel , mr hyde is clearly much shorter and much younger than dr jekyll , making it truly a shock when we learn that they are the same man .
in film adaptations , jekyll is usually played as a comparatively youthful man , and nearly always portrayed by the same actor who also plays hyde ... so we find it implausible that the other characters fail to guess they 're the same person .
although stan laurel is playing for comedy here , his performance as mr pryde is a revelation .
rather than wearing elaborate make-up , he merely puffs out his expressive face , dons a wig and hunches his head into his shoulders .
there 's also some extremely subtle padding under laurel 's coat , making mr pryde a slightly bulkier man than dr pyckle .
at this point in his career , laurel was learning that he 'd get bigger laughs by underplaying rather than by chewing the scenery .
here , though , he still has a couple of moments ... acceptable because he 's a serious story .
there 's a dog here cried pete the pup , who may or may n't be the same canine who appeared as pete the dog in some our gang comedies .
i 've never understood why it 's allegedly so funny that a dog in the movies has a ring painted round one eye ... did any real dog ever have such a mark ?
still , i was intrigued here to see a packet labelled ` dog cakes ' , a phrase one does n't see very often these days .
i was delighted to spot the london-born syd in this film , under victorian .
two decades later , would be back in his native england and working with george formby and cicely courtneidge .
joe rock told me that had been his assistant in los angeles , and supplied entree to british film circles when he accompanied rock to england in the 1930s .
` dr pyckle and mr pryde ' is hilarious from start to finish .
if all of stan laurel 's early comedies had been this good , he would never have needed to team up with oliver hardy .
i 'm certainly glad it happened , though .
my rating for this one : 9 out of 10 .
i wonder if this hilarious movie influenced the classic two ronnies sketch ` the phantom raspberry blower of old london town ' .

1
stan laurel 's `` dr. pyckle and mr. pryde `` is flat-out hilarious .
it 's a perfect combination of concept , gags , and performance to create good comedy .
as a formerly lost film this also makes it a rare example of something sought-after and highly touted that lives up to ( and probably exceeds ) expectations .
this film was released five years after the john barrymore version of `` dr. jekyll and mr. hyde , `` which i watched the day before , but stan laurel interprets barrymore 's brilliant dramatic performance with a comic turn of equal quality .
presumably , though the direct source material was five years old , audiences would have been familiar enough with the jekyll-and-hyde story that there would not have been an actual need to have seen that particular version .
the gags are and well-chosen here , getting laughs equally with the stylistic butchering of the story .
what almost makes the film is the look of mischief of mr pryde 's face as he scurries about the town committing trivial acts of wrongdoing .
it 's a few different executions of a similar joke , but i cracked up every time .
the best moment of the short involves stan 's stealing a child 's ice cream cone with a look of triumphant evil glee on his face .
`` dr. pyckle and mr. pryde `` also boasts very funny title cards ; there 's a winning joke in virtually every one .
in brief , i was laughing constantly through my viewing of this two-reeler , and i 'm extremely glad it 's been recovered and restored so we can enjoy it today .

1
go west is a movie that you seldom hear about and even keaton did not consider it among his best .
however , every time i see it , i can not help but think that it is one of his funniest and most touching films .
in his independent work , keaton had an amazing ability to portray very unfortunate characters and yet not seem to be pandering to the audience for its pity .
in this film , keaton plays a character referred to as friendless .
the opening scenes of the film show him bouncing around from one unfortunate ( and hilarious ) situation to another .
yet rather than feel pity for him , the audience can root for this character and good-naturedly laugh at how friendless reacts to and deals with his misfortunes .
it 's difficult not to admire the way he overcomes all challenges .
when he finds a friend in a cow named brown eyes , his loyalty to her and the rancher that employed him precipitates an amazing sequence of events , culminating in an unbelievable cattle stampede through the streets of la .
.
although , the scene may drag on a bit , i 'll never forget the image of buster keaton running down a city street in a red devil 's outfit being pursued by a giant herd of cattle .
it is one of the most hilariously absurd scenes ever committed to film .
there are great gags from beginning to end and , as usual for keaton , the final sequence is very satisfying .
in addition , the kino release has an outstanding soundtrack which enhances the film considerably .
i would highly recommend go west to anyone as an introduction to keaton , silent films , or comedies in general .

1
what the axed hours of erich von 's epic masterpiece contained has been forever lost to the ravages of time and the ravages of an artistic medium controlled by commercial imperatives .
von is considered perhaps the most opulent director to have ever made movies and instead of converting some of the great american novel `` mcteague `` to film , he took all of it and added more .
what was created was a hour epic that is supposedly the greatest film ever made .
but even in its butchered form , is a fantastic movie , which gets across its take on the human condition in a simple and straight forward way .
we see mcteague and his stingy wife 's lives destroyed by the greed that consumes them and those around them after she wins $ 5000 in a lottery .
the ending in particular , brilliantly and explicitly conveys the cost of man 's greed and the emptiness material possessions ultimately bring .

1
i recently saw the 2.5-hour version on turner classic movies .
i understand the original was approx .
9 hours , and that tcm does have a 4-hour restored version .
i hope to catch the 4-hour version at some point .
the 2.5-hour version was hard to follow in spots , mainly because there was definitely a loss of continuity , especially in the relationship between the two main characters , mac and trina .
i was confused by mac 's character .
on the one hand , he is very kind to animals ( a character trait that i find attractive ) .
on the other hand , he was a mean sob .
perhaps the 9-hour version or the 4-hour restored version addresses these two sides of his personality better than the 2.5-hour version does ; i do n't know .
i enjoyed the symbolism of the canaries ( they were lovey-dovey when trina and mac were getting along ; they were fighting each other when trina and mac were fighting ; when mac was finally alone in the desert he had only one canary , which made me wonder what happened to the second `` trina `` canary ) .
also charming was the primitive , quaint `` special effects `` of certain portions of the film .
as a 21st-century viewer i was charmed by its simplicity , and wondered how the viewers in 1924 found these effects .
another aspect of the film that i enjoyed were the location shots !
i did n't even know they did location shots in 1924 !
having been born in san francisco and lived in the bay area all my life , it was fantastic to see the location shots of s.f . and oakland circa the early 1920s .
i wo n't give away the plot of the movie .
the reader can check out other imdb ` ers comments for plot summaries .
i will only say that , even though much of the movie was hard to follow due to the aforementioned continuity problems , i did still get the gist of the movie , and it was enough for me to fully appreciate the magnificent ending in the desert .
the symbolism and the irony were just beyond fantastic .
finally , for those ( me included ) who thought the first swear word in a movie was from gone with the wind ( `` frankly my dear i do n't give a damn `` ) , i 'm guessing that 's the first post-code swear word .
i 've heard `` damn `` in some pre-codes , and in the silent `` greed `` , there are `` damn `` s a ` plenty , as well as a couple of `` hell `` s. just a little piece of trivia !
even chopped up at 2.5 hours , i have to give this movie a 9/10 .
i loved the story , and i loved the tragic ending .
edited to add : i just saw the 4 hr restored version - it is magnificent and is head-and-shoulders above the 2.5 hr version .
the reconstruction is wonderfully accomplished with stills ( the camera moves fluidly over the stills , so that at many times i forgot i was looking at actual `` stills `` ) , and the missing story is filled in with excerpts from the book that the film is based on .
i finally understood mac and trina 's relationship with this version !
interestingly , there were two other couples in this movie with separate sub-plots of their own ( elderly mr. grannis and miss baker , and the brutal , maria and zerkow ) .
these couples were completely cut from the 2.5 hr version , but their stories were told in full via stills in the 4 hr version .
i do n't think their stories added anything particularly significant to the overall story of mac and trina and marcus .
hold out for the 4 hr version to get the full impact of this fantastic silent film !

1
the original cut of this film ran to nine hours , but was cut to death for its premiere to about three , and later to its current length of about two and a half .
at this length it 's plot , which covers decades , whips by like a fighter jet , with character development taking second place .
it is easy to see how the longer running time would help us understand how the female lead , played without a trace of sympathetic intent by zasu pitts , slowly developed from a generous and loving young woman to a miserly divorcee .
as it is , we only get to see glimpses of the process , and they pass by far too quickly .
the full nine hour version lasted until about 1960 , when it was sold for scrap .
one particularly good cinematic device is the metaphor using a pair of lovebirds to represent the couple .
the birds are allowed the free range of the emotions the characters feel , while the characters themselves are remarkably restrained - rare in a film of this era .
put aside 2â 1/2 hours to watch it someday .
it will go by like half an hour .

1
von stroheim is one of those rare directors who can make a long movie be engaging throughout its whole length ( i think modern should see this movie ) .
the way that the characters are portrayed in the movie feels astoundingly true-to-life , and the on-location shots really create a sense of authenticity .
i only wish that the full movie had been preserved ; i saw the version , and the editing does sometimes feel uneven , as if huge chunks of the story have been left out .
this could have been counted as one of the 20th century greatest movies , were it not for the idiot who edited the film .
this is really a movie that should have been longer , but what is here already is absolutely amazing , definitely worth watching for everybody .
the other gift that the director has is making the audience almost forget that they 're watching a silent film ; it seems completely unlimited by the lack of speech , and in fact makes it seem somewhat unnecessary .
speaking of sound , the score to this film is fantastic ; it perfectly complements the mood of each scene .
my only slight complaint would be that the movie 's beautiful main melody gets a slight bit tiresome by the end because it is repeated in so many variations .
overall , i give this movie 9/10 , although i 'm positive that had i seen stroheim 's original version it would have become one of my favourite movies .
perhaps the next best thing is the newly restored 3-hour version that is available on dvd .
i 'll have to watch it some time ...

1
when a stage play is turned into a movie the results can be dire , especially when the play is a dialog-driven comedy of manners , full of quips and epigrams .
unless it 's handled carefully even a great play might come off as ` canned ' and lifeless on screen , amounting to little more than what alfred hitchcock dismissed as `` photographs of people talking . ``
a few exceptions come to mind : the philadelphia story , the two versions of holiday made in the '30s , the rex rutherford blithe spirit , and a handful of other adaptations that manage to be lively and entertaining despite heavy reliance on dialog .
but these films are surpassed in achievement , in one sense at least , by an adaptation from 1925 which perfectly captures the spirit of the play it presents while scarcely quoting it !
before seeing ernst lubitsch 's silent version of lady windermere 's fan at the museum of modern art this summer i re-read oscar wilde 's play , which i enjoyed , but i did n't have high hopes for the movie , despite the involvement of a director i count among my favorites .
i imagined the movie would consist of actors standing around in tuxes and evening gowns pretending to mouth witty sayings , which would then be presented to us in numerous title cards ; but because i admire lubitsch 's sound films a great deal i thought i 'd give it a try .
plus , i thought it 'd be interesting to see ronald colman in a silent film , deprived of that wonderful voice .
what a pleasant surprise to find that this is one of the best sophisticated comedies of the silent screen .
the flavor of wilde 's play is distilled to its essence , and clearly conveyed without relying on a single one of his famous epigrams .
( interestingly , a recent biography of lubitsch says that the film quotes only two or three lines from the play , but if so i did n't catch them .
) how is this possible ?
lubitsch conveys wilde 's notions about high society swells and their prejudices cinematically , not verbally .
when the notorious mrs. erlynne ( irene rich ) appears at the ascot race track , the reaction of `` society `` is quickly made clear to us by the scandalized facial expressions of the ladies present ; who , nonetheless , ca n't stop looking at her or talking about her .
the tone of their remarks is obvious from their sour expressions .
naturally , the men are interested in mrs. erlynne , too .
she is shown , montage fashion , from many different angles , through and binoculars , long-shot , extreme long-shot and close-up , and while the horse race is reduced to mere background .
it 's a funny and informative sequence , yet it is n't in wilde 's play at all .
in another scene that more closely follows the text , lord darlington ( colman ) calls on lord and lady windermere at their home .
he is formally announced , and pretends briefly that he actually came to see lord windermere on some minor matter .
but when windermere conveniently leaves on business , darlington , shown in a stately long-shot , strides away from lady windermere ( may mcavoy ) , sits , shoots her a sly look , and announces that he is in love with her .
shocked , she crosses and drops into a chair next to him .
he rises , crosses away from her , and drops into a different chair .
they both look miserable .
fade-out .
it 's a beautifully staged scene , and no additional dialog is necessary .
another sequence that occurs late in the film perfectly epitomizes the famous lubitsch touch while deftly conveying the spirit of wilde 's play : a title card announces that `` the relations between a man and a woman can be told by the way he presses her doorbell . ``
various ways in which this is so are then demonstrated .
you would n't think that a close-up shot of a doorbell and a gentleman 's gloved hand could be so suggestive , but lubitsch manages to suggest a great deal .
the black & white cinematography of lady windermere 's fan positively shimmers ; happily , this is one silent film that has been well preserved .
the acting is quite restrained by the standards of the day , and even without his voice ronald colman has the presence of a star , while irene rich gives the performance of her career .
it 's a wonderful adaptation of a great play that can stand on its own as cinema ; and it may come as a surprise to those who believe silent film comedy begins and ends with ben turpin and the keystone cops .

1
norma shearer is terrific playing a dual role in this well-done silent film about two women - molly , the daughter of a convict and florence , the daughter of the judge who sentenced him .
molly of the heavily painted face , huge feather hat , and big beaded necklace , lives in a flat on the wrong side of the tracks and goes out with a little local named chunky .
but while out at the nearby dance hall she meets a handsome , crooked grinned lug named dave page , who she instantly falls in love with .
dave has invented , of all things , a device that can open any safe in the world - encouraged by molly to `` not go crooked `` , he sells the invention to the judge and a group of bank directors , and soon literally bumps into florence - and into a love of his own !
poor , poor molly .
norma shearer is so good in this , the characters of molly and florence completely seem like two different women , and excellent split screen photography is used here when they are both on screen at the same time .
i thought there would be something in this about the fact that the two are lookalikes , perhaps switching places or something - never happens .
the fact they look alike is just not part of the plot here .
the lighting is done in an interesting way in this - norma as florence seems to be shot in more filtered , subtle lighting and she looks very lovely - norma as molly is severely lit to make her look more sharp and , boy oh boy , does the thick makeup she wears as this character look really harsh - she looks almost like a prostitute here .
the print of this film looked gorgeous , full of sharp contrast , and brightly tinted in , pink , and blue shades .
the piano score for this , done by jon , is wonderful and matches the story well .

1
at his peak in the 1930s and 1940s , to watch frank borzage with pleasure , you have to believe in love as something more than a variety of lust .
it can be transformative when living ( as in the terrific and subtle a man 's castle ) and , in the hands of performers like janet gaynor and charles farrell , can even overcome death -- although i should caution the observant film watcher that the enormous power of those movies lies in the unequaled abilities of miss gaynor , who was a truly great film actor ; mr. farrell was a good one and gave many a fine performance , but it finally occurred to the people who made the movies that no one would go out of his way to see mr. farrell on his own .
although the influence of murnau on borzage is usually cited as key , looking at this movie , made three years before sunrise , we can see that the essence of borzage is already in place : the small figures against the enormous vistas , the seemingly inevitable of the plot but most especially the way people look at each other : buck jones never gave a better performance than as the title character of this piece .
as another reviewer has put it , it 's all in the eyes .
visually , borzage has not settled on his signature look , a gauzy effect achieved , according to legend , by filming through a pair of sheer white hose that softened the image and forced the audience to see what was in the viewer 's heart .
instead , the print that was used in the at fox set seems both a little flat -- perhaps from a print -- and possessed of a bit of dazzle on the right side of white objects .
perhaps this effect was intended .
perhaps not .
in either case , this is a most welcome addition to my collection of silent movies .

1
my fellow reviewers have done so much justice to this fine film that i hesitated to submit my own thoughts , since many of them would be quite redundant .
i therefore will not comment so much on the story itself in this review , but instead concentrate on some of the aesthetic qualities of the film .
the careful attention to period detail is one of the salient features of lazybones .
produced in 1925 , but telling a story that reaches back to the turn-of-the-century and advances to `` now , `` it genuinely captures the look of each era it portrays .
often films made in the 1920s but set , say , before the war ( wwi ) , look very different from actual films produced in 1914 -- we can see it in the clothes and the hairstyles .
in lazybones this is not the case .
even the characters age believably as the decades advance ( only kit is portrayed by different actresses as she grows up ) .
buck jones 's transformation from a teenager to an almost middle-aged man is especially noteworthy .
another strength of borzage 's direction is his strong evocation of place .
his rural america is steeped in romanticism -- so stylized and yet so personal as to exist both everywhere and nowhere simultaneously .
one is left with the feeling that these characters -- especially steve ( buck jones ) and his mother ( edythe chapman ) -- are inextricably linked with the languid atmosphere of their environment .
this quality is also reflected in borzage 's lingering , empathetic close-ups that seem to stretch time beyond its natural bounds .
the scene in which ruth ( zasu pitts ) passes by steve 's house in the carriage , catching a glimpse of her daughter , is one such example .
this moment -- consisting of only a few seconds in real time -- is frozen as borzage focuses on the emotions displayed in the expressions of ruth , steve , and kit ( virginia marshall ) .
the reunion scene when steve returns from the war is certainly every bit the equal of the one near the end of vidor 's the big parade , and is another prime example of `` stretching time `` for dramatic effect .
in contrast to such borzage silent masterpieces as 7th heaven , street angel , and lucky star , i would classify lazybones as a film fundamentally grounded in realism ( note the prominent use of real exteriors instead of studio back-lot sets ) .
at the same time , however , borzage flavors the whole work with a wistful romanticism that is never cloying but somehow manages to capture the dream-like qualities of our own nostalgic memories : snapshot moments , tinged at times with melancholy , at times with happiness .

1
even in this early lyrical rural romance , a charming reworking of `` silas marner `` , there are many borzage magical moments .
being at the same studio ( fox ) as murnau , borzage was often overshadowed by him and his movies were often dismissed as candy box romances by the critics .
a reassessment of borzage 's films has shown his harmony of narrative and emotional sincerity were carefully planned and not just accidental .
steve tuttle ( buck jones ) is the local `` lazybones `` - `` as slow as molasses in winter `` - ridiculed by all the town , except his mother .
he loves and is beloved by agnes ( eva novak ) but her mother ( emily fitzroy , always the villain ) is determined that he shall not be part of their family .
one day , while fishing , he rescues a young woman who has thrown herself off the bridge .
it is ruth ( zasu pitts ) , agnes 's sister - she is returning home , at her mother 's command , so she can marry the local `` beau `` , but she is bringing her baby , the result of her marriage to a seaman who has been drowned in an accident .
steve assures ruth he will take the child home and bring her up and ruth can return in a few days .
time marches on .
ruth marries elmer and agnes fades from the scene - she is just not emotionally and mentally strong enough to stand up to her mother and after telling steve that he should put the baby in a home , disappears until the very end of the movie .
zasu pitts gives the film some much needed intensity and her 's is easily the best performance in the movie .
there is a very poignant scene where ruth is going by steve 's house in a carriage , steve holds up baby kit and waves and ruth , hesitantly and secretly , waves back .
virginia marshall , who plays kit as a child also brings pathos to her role - especially in the tracking shot that follows kit on her way home from school , being taunted by the other children .
ruth escapes from her husband 's ceaseless humbug and comforts the child .
war comes and to everyone 's surprise , steve returns a hero .
i also found it disturbing and the one false note of the film , that steve should return with more than fatherly feelings for the now grown up kit .
fortunately kit ( played by the chocolate box pretty madge bellamy ) is able to dispel them before it causes embarrassment - she has found love already , with mechanic dick ritchie ( a young leslie fenton ) who has already fixed `` that darn gate `` ! ! !
i also thought it ended abruptly .
a small , harrowing scene where 's learns the truth about kit 's parentage but because she is completely under her mother 's domination , she will have to keep it a secret forever and a closing scene showing `` lazybones `` fishing - indicating that life goes on .
highly , highly recommended .

1
yes , i know , roscoe arbuckle did n't like to be called ` fatty ' , but i could n't resist the joke .
this is a fine lloyd hamilton short from his peak period , directed by roscoe .
the two work together with lots of good gags and roscoe 's usual attention to the details of shooting the picture in an interesting manner .
most comedians preferred flat lighting and a still camera to make them more interesting .
roscoe uses a couple of long tracking shots and some nice camera trickery to tell his story and to show ham as a fine actor , as well as a talented comedian .
this story plays with some interesting themes , like lloyd 's classic move along : here it 's about perceptions of reality and the confusion that movies make of them .
or you might choose to ignore such issues and laugh your head off .

1
... which was so hard on him , duvivier reigned over the french cinema during 40 years .
he made films in america , in england , in italy , in director of the new wavelet can say the same ?
in lille today , duvivier 's native town , there 's no duvivier street , no duvivier school , no duvivier they even mention his name when they teach cinema at the university ?
.
in rouen , one metro station is called franã§ois truffaut and that director was not even born here .
this is the silent version of jules renard 's classic , seven years before the talkie featuring harry baur and robert lynen .
once again all we have to do is stand and 's book , made of small vignettes , very short chapters , is very hard to transfer to the he would do in 1932 , duvivier - who was also a writer - selected several scenes he particularly liked in the novel ( the hens , the little girl ) and wrote a linear screenplay .
the storyline of the remake is more assured for the 1925 treatment includes a love affair between felix and a bad gal ( not from the book ) which sometimes gets in the way .
this is minor quibble : `` poil de carotte `` is duvivier at his best ; he 's second to none when it comes to depicting nastiness , and madame lepic epitomizes terrifying mustached shrew surpasses the histrionic strident missus of the second smile could kill , hers probably looks like a man with a wig : duvivier probably wanted to show the father 's weakness , his impossibility to be a man .
the young boy who portrays the miserable boy is as good as robert lynen .
his face covered in freckles is so desperate , so touching : he is literally begging to be loved .
the first time he 's wanted to commit suicide , he gives up , because `` it would sadden his friends `` ... the dog and the cat ... the second time , those sinister lines appear on the screen , twice : the barn ... the beam ... the rope ... as the precedent user , a duvivier specialist has pointed out , there are plenty of technical innovations , probably inspired by former experiments by abel gance : the specter in the sky when the brat goes to the hen house ; four or five boys are working around monsieur lepic who realizes that his son has really got a raw deal ; the merry-go-round and poil de carotte 's head .
the fair , duvivier already knew how to use it to startling effects : he would use it again , in an even more outstanding way in his 1945 masterpiece `` panique `` .
too bad duvivier did not treat the harrowing chapter `` la des `` ( = the leaves storm ) .
it would have fit a silent movie like a glove .
duvivier 's legendary pessimism is present , although there 's some kind of happy end ( now there are two of us ) , the same as in the happy end when you know your mother will never give you any love ... like jules renard 's own was a true story .
like this ? try these : luis bunuel : `` los olvidados `` ( 1950 ) luigi comencini : `` `` ( 1967 ) maurice pialat : `` `` ( 1968 ) dardenne bros : `` rosetta `` ( 1999 )

1
julien duvivier had been directing for five years during which he 'd turned out ten titles before this , his eleventh in 1925 and though i should n't be surprised - i have , after all , seen and/or own the majority of his sound films - at the sheer craftsmanship and quality that permeates every frame i 'm lost in admiration for a true master .
stunning visuals abound and the are spare and to the point , 's mother is shown , and a title card says it all , nasty gossip .
soon we are introduced to the eponymous carrot top , her youngest son , and here duvivier superimposes stunning images of his tormentors onto the sheet of writing paper in front of him as he sits at his desk in school .
the use of opticals throughout is breathtaking for the time and enhance what is basically a cinderella story with a happy ending .
the novel was clearly close to duvivier 's heart because he filmed it again in 1932 with a cast that was more well-known , harry baur , catherine and robert lynen but apart from sound there is little to choose between two brilliant films .

1
this film might seem familiar , as it has been remade several times -- the last time just a few years ago .
buster keaton stands to inherit a fortune providing he marries before time expires .
but , he has no prospects and time is running out -- what to do , what to do ?
well , he tries again and again and again with no luck .
that is until the ladies find out about the fortune that awaits them as his bride .
then , everyone under the sun comes out of the woodwork -- all ages , races and sizes .
and , because so much money is involved , it goes from being a cute comedy to complete pandemonium !
these women wo n't take no for an answer and they are aggressive -- and buster runs for his life !
well , the ladies are n't about to let their fortune get away and hundreds of maniacal ( all in white ) give chase -- resulting in one of the funniest chases in film history .
what happens next is for you to see for yourself .
it 's funny , well-made and fast paced fun .

1
buster keaton 's films were usually a mix of misunderstandings , stunts , and convoluted plots , and ` seven chances ' is no exception .
our hero is the partner in a failing company heading for financial ruin and disgrace , but there may be a way out if he can marry before 7pm on his 27th birthday - the trouble is , that 's today ... cue some attempts to entice a variety of ladies into matrimony ( the ` seven chances ' of the title ) , as well as a lovely sequence in a church which slowly fills with brides in various types of dresses and veils .
the chase which ensues involves buster running away from rocks rolling down a hill in a race to reach his true love 's door in time - but will he make it ?
played very well and extremely clever in the way the stunts are carried out and filmed ( no regard for health and safety here !
) , ` seven chances ' has a lot to recommend it .
as usual , buster remains impassive throughout , no matter what happens - a gimmick which works well .
this is one of his best films and well worth seeing .

1
this film must have inspired many of the comedies that we see today .
the premise is simple , the humor ingenious and the pace more hectic than armageddon .
perhaps spielberg or lucas saw this in film school and that was the birth of the famous boulder which chases indiana jones in rotla .
brewster 's millions is strongly reminiscent of it .
in short it is a seminal comedy which deserves to be better known than it is today .

1
what 's worse than being a girl having to fight off 1,000 other possible brides for a chance to marry a millionaire ?
hearing the minister later tell all of you ladies to leave the church quietly , that this whole thing must 've been a prank !
* yikes !
* one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen , especially the famous climactic chase scene .
while i loved how `` college `` showed off some of buster 's many athletic skills , i think this one actually shows them just as well if not better .
great how all those boulders chased off the rabid pack of brides , too - i 'll bet even `` jimmie `` the groom had to laugh to himself about that .
some reviewers felt it started off rather slow , which it did , but when buster made a film his way , this was usually the case - build , build , and build then push 'em out into the aisles laughing !
oh , and throw in some great sight gags along the way : the scene in the clock shop was priceless !
i was surprised to learn that this was one of buster 's least favorite films , but despite that , being forced on him by joe schenck , i think he took a weak pitch and knocked it ` way out of the ballpark !
keaton + sow 's ear = silk purse .
my , what a rare mix of talent buster had !
he was a prize stallion that should 've ran free forever , and never should have been fenced in at the malicious greedy morons studio .
i 'm so glad in his later years , he was vindicated as a wonderful comedic genius , loved and revered by millions everywhere for all time .
: - )

1
a young businessman in financial trouble learns he can inherit a fortune if he marries by 7 p.m. on his 27th birthday , giving him scant hours to find a willing candidate after his fiancã© rejects what she considers a purely mercenary proposal .
silent clown buster keaton was working from someone else 's ( contrived ) idea , originally a failed broadway play , and despite the exquisite timing to some of the gags the source material never measured up to keaton 's usual high standards of comedy ( even his character is atypically bland : a wealthy , conventional role better suited to harold lloyd ) .
only after he wakes up in a chapel surrounded by a bloodthirsty mob of would-be wives do keaton 's unerring comic instincts kick in , and the rousing climactic chase down a hillside strewn with falling boulders would have to rank among the funniest sequences he ever devised ; never has one man 's instinctive , unconscious dread of matrimony been so hilariously exposed .
note : before the advent of dvd technology the film was rarely revived ( surviving prints included an odd , tinted prologue subtitled in french ) , but even minor keaton is in a class all its own .

1
okay , it is very possible to quibble with this film if you are too wrapped up in political correctness .
sure , it 's a real shame that the film starred the white actor , richard dix , in dark paint as the indian lead in the film .
however , having white actors play indians was pretty much the rule up to the 1960s , so i could easily overlook this .
and , the beginning of the film can seem a tad preachy and irrelevant ( though i liked it , leonard maltin 's guide knocked this section of the film ) .
however , given that the film was made in the rather racist 1920s ( when the kkk was on the rise and one of the strongest political forces in america ) , it is a truly amazing and transcendent film that definitely deserves to be seen and appreciated .
unlike the typical cowboy movie of the day , the indians in the film are neither blood-thirsty savages nor are they simple-minded .
instead , the are uniformly shown as decent americans who want a fair shake and a part of the american dream .
in fact , their desire to become true americans and their love of their country make this a great patriotic film .
while based on all the horrible injustices they received in the film , their fundamental decency seems amazing .
in addition to excellent acting , writing and direction , special attention must be focused on the spectacular and breathtaking cinematography -- especially towards the beginning of the film .
the scenes of the grand canyon are among the most beautiful ever filmed during the silent era and are in many ways reminiscent of moving versions of ansel adams photos .
the film is a true work of art .

1
director george b. seitz was known more for the pearl white serial `` plunder `` until `` the vanishing american `` .
instead of portraying him as the usual plundering savage , the screenplay by ethel doherty ( from a zane grey novel ) tried to correct a lot of the myths about the indian 's warrior standing .
typical of the silent epic ( in general ) it had a mighty sense of history as the story was played out across a vast panorama beautifully photographed by c. edgar and harry perry .
titles refer to `` the mighty stage `` and the movie looked at life in grand terms but also with humanity .
`` the vanishing american `` was also the last western feature for almost 2 decades to take a sympathetic look into native american culture .
after a very interesting prologue showing how the different peaceful cultures ( ie cliff dwellers ) were gradually overcome by the indian fighters and warriors .
they thought if they could only capture a white god ( horse ) they would be supreme kings , they had never seen a horse until the arrival of the white man .
when the spaniards used their guns , the indians felt they ( the spaniards ) were in league with the gods and were eventually conquered and forced to live on reservations .
`` the vanishing american `` defied stereotype , questioned tradition and was ahead of it 's time .
hooper , the indian agent of mesa is too caught up with bureaucracy and paper work to effectively help the indians so it is left to his assistant booker , and as played by noah beery , he is a villain of the first order .
blatantly lying about wanting to be the indian 's friend , he only wants to get in pretty teacher marian warner 's ( lois wilson ) good books .
apart from old timer bart wilson , she is the only person who wants to understand the indians and has even bothered to learn their language .
there is also an `` understanding `` between her and nophaie ( richard dix ) , the leader of the tribe .
richard dix plays nophaie with dignity and believability , even when the story becomes a bit bogged down with biblical piety ( he starts to question his native god as `` foolish `` putting his trust in the new testament given him by marian ) .
the film shows the indian as being truly mistreated , right through the ages , although as the story progresses it becomes trite as it shows the native american at his noblest when he is trying to mimic the white man - joining the u.s. army to help fight the war or becoming emotional when marian told him he should be proud to be an american .
when they return to the reservation after the war , things have changed for the worst , booker is in charge and he and his henchmen have pilloried the land - and to make matters worse , booker tells nophaie that marian has married recruitment officer earl ramsdale ( malcolm macgregor ) ! ! !
that 's not true and in a surprising twist , that would have been shocking for it 's day , marian comes back to the reservation to pledge her love to nophaie .
shannon day , a cecil b. demille protã©gã© , whose career did not survive the coming of sound played the tragic indian maid .
i am also sure that richard dix became involved in the native american cause after his performances in this movie , `` redskin `` and `` cimmaron `` made him more aware .

1
we 're in , a picturesque village in the upper , and everyone is heading to the mayor 's house to commiserate with him as he mourns the death of his wife .
the mayor is pierre , played by victor vina , but the real lead is his young son jean , portrayed by jean forest .
forest had debuted three years earlier in , a decent expose also directed by feyder who had apparently discovered forest on the streets of paris .
by this time though , he 's a full twelve years old and with four films behind him , so almost an old hand in the business !
his character is old enough to know something about death and what it means , but his younger sister does n't have a clue .
he walks with his father behind the coffin to see her buried , grieves for her and watches his father 's tears with sympathy , while young pierrette plays with her cat and whatever else she can find .
forest is very good here , all young pillar of strength until he collapses at the graveside , but he 's ably assisted by some rapid fire montage work by the editors .
this was originally released in 1925 so i wonder if it was before or after battleship potemkin with its groundbreaking sequence on the odessa steps .
jean is obviously very attached to his mother , to the degree that he visits her grave every sunday and sees her portrait come to life and smile at him .
however his father feels bad that in the absence of a wife his house and children are being neglected , so he marries again , his new wife being jeanne , a young widow who ca n't pay her rent .
this impacts jean not just because he has a stepmother but because he acquires in the process a stepsister , arlette , and that leads to plenty of conflict .
the story is solid , very much in the european vein of slow and serious stories full of character development , and that 's a good thing .
there 's decent camera-work too , feyder and his cinematographers also making plenty of use of the gorgeous countryside to frame his story .
it 's supposedly france but it was shot in the swiss alps and you just ca n't go wrong with the swiss alps as a cinematic background !
feyder seems to be always great when filming in crowds or in public and this film is no exception to that rule .
the accompanying 2004 soundtrack by michael coppola is great if not awesome , and in fact there 's very little bad to say .
the only downside to me was pretty minor , and that was in what seemed to be a little clumsiness in the delivery of some of the actors early on : all adults , i should add , as the children are simply superb .
i 'm not talking about the traditional overacting of the silent era as this would have been seen as an underplayed film on those grounds .
i think it just took a half hour or so for everything to get moving properly , because the film , as you 'd expect from the title , is about the kids and maybe the adults had a harder time getting into the story when there were no kids around .
i ca n't fault any of the scenes that have children in , whether they be between jean and his stepsister , played by arlette , or with adults like henri duval as his uncle or rachel devirys as his stepmother .
it 's only early scenes between vina and duval or vina and devirys that do n't quite carry the same weight .
thankfully the children are present for almost the entire film and these scenes are hugely impressive and yet very subtle , often without the benefit ( or the distraction ) of title cards .
i got drawn into this one far more than into and , to be honest , got lost in the magic of it .
by the time the end arrived , which seemed far too soon even though the film is nearly two hours long , i 'd forgotten about all of that minor downside entirely .
what amazed me most is that none of the three children had long careers in the film industry , stunning given their performances here .
according to imdb , this was arlette 's only film , and pierrette only made three .
jean forest , the star of this film , went on to appear in ten in all , but switched to a career in radio .
what a shame !

1
this is a unique silent film -- partly because of its location and partly because of the story .
while `` the faces of children `` was a french-made film , the movie was shot in the french-speaking portion of switzerland .
this provided a wonderful backdrop for the story -- with lovely mountains and rustic scenery .
as for the story , it was much more personal and sweet than you 'd typically see and was very compelling .
the film begins with a funeral .
the mayor 's wife has just died -- leaving him and his two children behind .
after trying to make a go of it , the man realizes he needs a mother for his children and proposes to a local widow -- who herself has a young daughter .
but , unlike the brady bunch , this new blended family did not magically work out -- as the parents , in hindsight , did a pretty lousy job of breaking this to the kids -- in particular , the 12 year-old boy .
it actually came to him as a bit of s surprise -- and to make matters worse , they gave his old bedroom to his new step-sister and sister .
you could understand how the kid could feel alienated .
over the next few months , the boy ( jean ) had a hard time adjusting .
much of his anger was displaced on his step-sister .
ultimately , this resulted in two .
overall , a very good story that does n't get too schmaltzy and has a lot of nice action .
well-paced , nice cinematography and very good acting by the children -- this one is well worth seeing .
by the way , while it does n't significantly harm the picture , like many of the silents , a small portion of the film has severely degraded .
this is very normal and the damage is minimal but pretty obvious when it occurs .
the old nitrate film stock was very unstable and tended to turn to powder , liquefy or even explode !

1
this is not at all a mountain film : the pictures of mountains are few , of relatively little power even considering the time of the turning , and , as soon as the camera ventures higher than the cows and goats of the mountain pastures , of no credibility at all , if ever you have visited glaciers and alpine mountains yourself .
but that 's no problem ; this is not about mountains , but about people , and it 's an excellent film about people .
in another comment , gerald a. deluca calls this is a movie about `` sin , repentance and forgiveness `` , and certainly , christian religiousness thoroughly shapes both the cultural context of the story and the feelings of all the characters in situations of doubt , fear and distress .
yet , this is much more than a `` christian morality tale `` .
in christian tradition , there are two stories about the origin of sin : eva and adam and kain and abel .
on first sight , the story of jean and arlette is somewhat similar to the story of kain and abel : it 's a story about hate among brothers and sisters , about envy and jealousy .
yet , in kain and abel , jealousy is the primordial sin , an evil reaction to incomprehensible or unjust behavior of god .
not so in `` visages d'enfants `` : there is no primordial sin in the movie .
all the characters are capable of love and understanding , none of them is actually evil or cruel .
in that respect , it is quite humanistic , in spite of the ubiquitous religiosity .
where , then , does sin come from ?
the origins shown in the movie are surprisingly simple : plain misunderstandings , subtle and unconscious to the feelings of others , well-intentioned behavior all the same hurtful to other 's feelings , and to a large extent : fear and pain .
the ultimate cause of the drama is obviously pierre 's failure to adequately address his son 's intense mourning .
but my impression is that the father is above all afraid and feeling helpless .
in particular , he is afraid that he wo n't be able to stand a solitary life for long , he is afraid that he wo n't be able to cope with the household work beside his duties as the mayor of the village , he is afraid that he wo n't be able to show enough of his love towards his two children , he is afraid of losing patience with them as indeed sometimes he does , he is afraid of failing his children 's ' education .
his courage is sufficient to tell the priest about part of his anxieties , but he lacks the strength to show weakness in front of his son .
all those small weaknesses , failures and misunderstandings are extremely beautifully and convincingly depicted in the movie and you also see again and again how small hurts done breed mistrust , malice and hate , and hate breeds new hate , getting worse and worse .
in christian tradition , the remedy to sin is remorse , confession , prayer and penance ; and ultimately , trust in divine mercy .
in the film , there is indeed remorse , in particular in jean .
confession is not done in front of god , but in front of other human beings .
prayers do not ask for divine pardon , but for help in earthly distress .
there is no trace of penance at all .
salvation does not arise out of divine , but out of human mercy and love .
of course , overcoming evil by means of forgiveness and love is a central concept of christianity .
yet , jean and his family need remarkably little help from god : no doubt , they do pray hard for divine help , but they are most successful when they act themselves in human , pitiful , and in particular in courageous ways .
they prevent tragedies when they overcome their pride and fear , they find help when run they for it , they save lives when they put their own life at stake , they find love when they save their enemies .
in christian tradition , even more than jealousy , the origin of sin is alienation from god , the decision of woman and man to live their own life , to gain knowledge by themselves , not to respect the limits that god set them .
ultimately , that 's why only god can save them in the end .
but in this film , people save themselves by overcoming their own weaknesses and finding their own strength , compassion and love .

1
i post this review in disagreement with the comments posted by f. gwynplaine macintyre who , i feel , has missed much about this movie .
first , a minor factual error : the cowboys that richard dix uses to impress esther ralston are not bums picked up by the railroad siding ; they are the current crop of cowboys , even though they hail from the bowery and round up cattle using ford model ts instead of mustangs .
that taken care of , let us consider the picture .
it is in the mold of the social comedies that douglas fairbanks sr. was highly successful at doing until he switched to swashbucklers with the mark of zorro -- there is even one small gag when dix hops over some border greenery .
like many of the successful fairbanks vehicle of the ` teens , it is a comedy of manners , in which fairbanks takes on some current fad and shows how a good attitude will solve most problems .
the contrived problem posed by the plot is that richard dix is in love with esther ralston -- and why not ?
-- and her mania centers , as does oscar wilde 's best known comedy of manners , on the sort of man she wants to marry .
he need not be named ernest , but he must be a man of the west , a man 's man , not someone who has been womanhandled until he is effete .
so dix goes out to his uncle 's ranch , only to discover , as mr. macintyre notes , that all the ` real ' cowboys have gone into the movie business , and those who are now doing the work like their creature comforts .
mr. macintyre does not like the gags involved , but his of them is largely based on what he calls ' a very contrived comedy . '
aye , that it is .
very few comedies of manner survive their own era .
oscar wilde 's do because the writing is so very witty .
womanhandled seems to have survived on the basis of its gags ; certainly the usually tough audience at the museum of modern art roared at them ... and some of them were surprisingly subtle .
spoiler : consider this one : the ranch has a black ( or negro , or african american or colored ) family , she as the cook , he doing odd chores .
they have three boys .
when miss ralston , her aunt and her horrid small cousin come to the ranch , richard dix dresses this family up as indians .
`` what tribe are they ? ``
she asks him .
`` blackfeet . ``
the contemporary audience may have laughed at these black people being forced to pretend to be indians , but i laughed at miss ralston 's naive acceptance of them as indians ... and realized , a second later , that such ridiculous casting was standard in that period in hollywood , and so the gag had three targets .
miss ralston and mr. dix are not comic actors , and that , in my opinion , hurts this movie slightly .
still , the careful construction means that you do n't need comedians ; good straight actors will do nicely .
that slight flaw makes this movie less than perfect to me , but i still award it a 9 out of 10 .

1
what a surprise when i got this dvd set !
`` pirates of the silver screen `` , from passport , contains a veritable treasure trove of material .
`` the dancing pirate `` is a black-and-white copy of an originally technicolor film .
`` the black pirate `` , which i fully expected to be presented in black-and-white , is here in it 's restored technicolor !
a really good , rousing story keeps the action moving , and the stunts of the legendary fairbanks are amazing to watch .
the music score is taken from `` scheherazade `` and fits the action perfectly .
this was , i believe , the second full-length feature made in the two-strip technicolor process .
absolutely see this one-of-a-kind silent classic .

1
alfred parker 's seafaring , swashbuckler `` the black pirate `` makes watching silent movies a genuine pleasure .
although hollywood had produced a handful of pirate epics before this 1926 release , `` the black pirate `` benefits from scenarist elton thomas ' gripping screenplay and douglas fairbanks ' nimble physical presence .
indeed , this adventure on the high seas boasts some of fairbanks ' best stunts , particularly when he slices into a sail with his knife and then lets gravity draw him down the length of the canvas as the knife slashes through the material .
fairbanks performs this stunt three times .
the kino dvd provides an insightful documentary about how parker and fairbanks staged this extraordinary stunt .
the exuberance with which fairbanks leaps and lunges , the spectacular briny settings , and the sailing ships make this above-average adventure opus a thoroughly entertaining spectacle despite its conspicuous lack of sound .
anybody who enjoys pirate movies , especially the `` pirates of the caribbean `` movies , wo n't get sea-sick watching this epic .
mind you , this is n't a fantasy with creatures lurking about like in the johnny depp movie .
after the opening credits , the film presents three expository title cards .
the first one states : `` a page from the history and lives of the most bloodthirsty pirates who ever infested the southern seas . ``
indeed , these pirates live up to their notoriety .
the second placard spells out the themes : `` being an account of buccaneers & the spanish main , the jolly roger , golden galleons , bleached skulls , buried treasure , the plank , dirks & cutlasses , scuttled ships , marooning , desperate deeds , desperate men , and -- even on this dark soil -- romance . ``
finally , the third placard states : `` it was the custom of these pirates to subdue their prey , loot the ship , bind their captives and blow them up . ``
reportedly , fairbanks and original director donald crisp quarreled and fairbanks replaced him with parker .
earlier , crisp directed the fairbanks ' 1925 `` zorro `` sequel `` don q son of zorro . ``
nevertheless , crisp remained aboard as a salty old pirate named mactavish who helps out our hero on several occasions .
the agile douglas fairbanks toplines this lightweight but lavish escapade as the son of the duke of .
as `` the black pirate `` unfolds , the sea wolves are looting a ship .
they have tied up virtually everybody left alive and then run a powder trail from the deck to the powder magazine in bowels of the ship .
indeed , these guys are rather ruthless .
parker shows us the looted ship in a long shot as it explodes and sinks .
michel ( douglas fairbanks of `` the thief of bagdad `` ) and his aristocratic father are the only survivors .
not only are the details about their survival omitted , but also the pirates do n't recognize him when he asked to join them .
moreover , neither michel nor his father appeared in the earlier scenes .
in fact , fairbanks ' character does n't show up until 9 minutes into the action .
michel 's father hands him an elaborate ring that michel later uses to prove his identity .
michel vows to avenge the death of his dad at the hands of dastardly pirates .
the pirates here loot the ship , bind the captives , and then run a powder train to blow up both the captives and the ship .
these pirates do n't play around .
the duke 's son masquerades as a cutthroat himself and confronts them after they have stashed their treasure in an underwater cave on the island .
before these pirates can stash their treasure , they have to dig up a chest with the key to the locked gate of their secret underwater hiding place .
michel fights his way into their ranks to end their criminal ways .
before he challenges the pirate captain ( anders randolf ) to a duel , michel fashions a makeshift grave stone from a piece of flotsam and scratches his solemn vow on it to exact revenge on the brigands .
the treacherous pirates keep our hero guessing as much as he keeps teaching them one new trick after another until he defeats them .
along the way , he saves damsel-in-distress princess isobel ( billie dove of `` yellow lily `` ) , falls hopelessly in love with her and wins her hand in marriage .
some of our hero 's clever tricks involve capturing an entire merchant vessel all by himself .
initially , they are dubious about his chances for pulling off such a stunt , but he captures a ship .
eventually , our hero vanquishes the villains after facing certain death by having to walk the plank .
meanwhile , jack cunningham penned the screenplay from a story by fairbanks writing under the pseudonym of elton thomas .
the only drawback to the plot is that some of the coincidences are just too good to be true .
principally , the same island where the pirates stash their treasure is the same island that our hero has been washed up on himself .
clocking in at a trim , `` the black pirate `` contains more than enough action for its length , and the characters are interesting not only for who they are but also what they accomplish .
any pirate movie that opens with the chief pirate looting the dead is a keeper .
not long after this scene , the pirate captain spots a hostage swallowing a ring .
the captain summons a mate and pantomimes to him how he should remove the ring from the captive .
the mate leaves and the captain observes .
when the mate returns , he hands the captain the ring that he eviscerated from the captive 's gullet .
the two-tone technicolor makes the blood soaked forearms of the pirate stand out .
naturally , the captain gets his comeuppance later when the fairbanks ' hero defeats him in a sword fight .
fairbanks does n't so much kill him as the pirate kills himself when he falls on a sword that fairbanks had stuck in the ground .
no pirate movie , not even the errol flynn sound classics , ever topped this until the advent of r-rated movies .
indeed , `` the black pirate `` boasts everything a great pirate movie needs .
interestingly , this was fairbank 's last major money maker .

1
one of the best silent movies if you 'd ask me , as the black pirate offers action , romance and suspense .
as the only survivor of a pirate raid , ` the black pirate ' ( fairbanks ) goes ` undercover ' with that same group of pirates to avenge his fathers death .
they enter a ship that has a princess on it , but the black pirate decides to help her and escape the ship .
unfortunately , they have him sorted out and things do n't look well as the black pirate has to ` walk the plank ' .
but all ends well when the black pirate survives and saves the day and his princess , who he asks to marry him .
well , you kinda guessed what she 's going to answer ... lovely movie looks fantastic in it 's restored , colorized version as this is a one to watch for all of you old movie buffs .
go and see for yourself !
9/10 .

1
this was an excellent pirate movie and was better than many sound pirate films .
however , it 's really hard to rate the movie -- compared to other silent pirate films , it might just be the best .
but , compared to the sea hawk , captain blood or the black swan ( all wonderful sound pirate films from the 30s and 40s ) , it is n't as good a film .
so what does the movie do that worked so well for me ?
first , being a douglas fairbanks film , it had wonderful stunts and impeccable production values -- something he was known for in his silent films .
second , this film had excellent sets and was the best film money could buy in its day .
in fact , it was such a lavish production that it was supposedly the first full-length film made in technicolor -- an early and somewhat crude way of producing a color movie .
because the film was dyed with and orange-red dyes , the film mostly looks -- definitely not true color .
but , it does n't look that bad -- certainly much better than the horrid colorized films destroyed in the 1980s .
plus , if it had n't been for films like this , the infinitely better system might never have been developed by technicolor .
and , finally , the plot is pretty good for a silent film -- not the most complex when compared to later films , it 's not nearly as simplistic as most other silents .
this video was produced by kino films .
some of their silent films in the past were less than wonderful ( especially some of their buster keaton videotapes ) , but this videotape is top quality and has nice extras at the end of the tape .
some cheaper prints apparently are only black and white , not color .
nice job for the restoration , kino !
however , despite what the video box said , it was apparently not the first full-length two-color technicolor film .
i recently saw a restored print from toll of the sea ( 1922 ) and it was in fact made using this process four years earlier than the black pirate .

1
douglas fairbanks sr. stars in this exciting , action-packed swashbuckling pirate adventure yarn , as a young man seeking revenge on a band of pirates after they ransacked and destroyed his ship , killing his father .
in trying to achieve his goal , he tricks the pirates into thinking he wants to join their band .
will this ruse work ?
this delivers all the thrills and cutthroat pirate action anyone could ever hope for and even more .
it has all the elements one looks for and wants from today 's big blockbusters : impressive stunts mostly performed by fairbanks himself , sword fights , pirate treachery , explosions , daring underwater scenes , a damsel in distress , the works .
there 's a few plot holes and questionable plot twists here and there but it all holds up incredibly well after all these years although in today 's world lead actress billie dove would have been given more to do .
that 's a minor nitpick at best .
if you like pirate yarns , check this out .
believe me , they just do n't get much better than this .

1
i saw this short last night at the silent movie theatre in los angeles .
they screened five shorts made by charley chase , and this was one of the best , ( also great was `` mighty like a moose . ``
) the scenes of charley acting insane are fantastic .
words do n't do justice to the memorable physical comedy in this film .
oliver hardy has a small , but significant , role .
definitely worth seeking out .

1
i think most of the reason i liked the movie so much was the pairing of chase with buddy the dog ( in this movie , called `` duke `` ) .
buddy had previously starred with him in the film what price goofy ?
and it was nice to see them together again .
in all , they did five movies together and their pairing , believe it or not , reminds me of w. c. fields and baby leroy -- together they are just funny .
charlie is a nice guy who comes to a woman 's aid .
her parents are trying to force her to marry a rich member or the royalty , but the woman just does n't know him .
so , charlie poses as a butler and infiltrates the home where she lives .
unfortunately , they own a dog and charlie is afraid of them .
however , his desire to help his fear and much of the short film is spent caring for the family dog .
these scenes are cute -- especially when he is told to `` give duke a bath -- and do n't take no for an answer `` .
well , charlie thinks the prospective husband ( the guy who is descended from royalty ) is what the lady of the house is talking about and so he forces this guy to strip and get in the shower !
it 's a funny mistake as the suitor is apparently a duke and the dog 's name is duke !
well , once the mistake is corrected , it 's time to wash the dog and a simple thing does awry -- with funny complications .
in the end , thanks to the comedy formula of the day , everything is wrapped up just fine and charlie not only gets the girl but wins his future in-laws undying gratitude .
this movie is silly .
and do n't we need a little of that from time to time ?
note : 's posting is correct .
there is no way that buddy the dog is a great dane .
while big by today 's standards , he appears to be mostly boston terrier -- this breed was a lot bigger in the 1920s and buddy looks to be about 30 pounds .
how could anyone have thought this was a great dane ?

1
it may be that the only place where you can find this movie is at a museum in montreal , but it is worth seeing .
funny and imaginative , it could well tickle you where it counts .
stop-action animation is used to make excellent jokes , yet is fully integrated into the outrageous story .

1
ella cinders is like a modern day ( well , for the 1920s ) cinderella story .
a poor girl ( colleen moore ) living in a house with her stepmother and stepsisters like a servant has only things going right for her .
she has the love of a sweet man in town ( lloyd hughes ) and a film contest that she wins .
a group of men hold a beauty contest in town and the prize is a trip to hollywood to become an actress .
the stepsisters and half of the town think they will win the prize , but a funny picture puts ella in the spotlight , sending her on a train to hollywood .
once there , she finds that the place is n't what she dreamed it would be , but she can not go home so she does her best to succeed .
harry langdon makes a very funny but short appearance in the movie .
even without his appearance , this movie would be a jewel .
it is quickly paced , very funny , and stars one of the major stars of the silent era .
unfortunately , this film , along with most of colleen moore 's other movies , is not commercially available .
bad bootleg prints are all that we will see until someone wises up to the quality of this movie and releases it on a quality dvd .

1
in her only silent film and only one of 7 or 8 films , lillie is wonderful as the lousy actress in a travelling troupe playing `` flaming women . ``
she gets involved with a runaway bank employee ( jack pickford ) who joins the company as the leading man .
subtle little comedy about the theatre and young love , lillie could have had a major career in films but never felt comfortable in from of a camera .
a consummate stage actress , lillie worked for decades with an occasional film appearance , and like pal gertrude lawrence , never quite got the hang of film acting .
exit smiling is not a major film but it is interesting to see the young lillie at her prime .
billed as the `` funniest woman in the world , `` lillie enchanted generations of theatre goers .
jack pickford seems a little pale and shaky , doris lloyd is good as the vamp , and franklin pangborn is fun as the swishy actor .
lillie is best remembered for her 40s film , on approval , and her 60s hit , thoroughly modern millie ( as mrs. meers ) .
exit smiling is certainly worth seeing .

1
: faust ( 1926 ) - released in germany , viewed .
the great miami hurricane strikes florida , leaving 100 dead and several hundred thousand dollars in damage .
al capone 's chicago headquarters is attacked , injuring one of his men .
births : john coltrane .
doug : we close out 1926 at the movies with f.w . murnau 's adaptation of the classic german good-vs .
- evil story , faust .
with this movie , combined with nosferatu and sunrise , i 'm starting to get a sense of murnau 's style : gorgeous lighting with an emphasis on the darkness , soft camera lenses , and some of the screen 's earliest scenery-chewing villains .
emil jannings steals the show as the charming , sneering mephisto .
i know that the story of faust has been adapted many , many times , but i was n't really familiar with it before this .
i was surprised at where the story went ; faust 's village is overrun by plague , and when prayer and medicine fail , faust summons the devil to stop it .
eventually an arrangement is reached for mephisto to grant faust youth and anything else he craves , and the plague-ridden village is abandoned , never to be seen or mentioned again .
i found that the film got kind of boring after a while ; before the end , i did n't care what happened to faust anymore .
he made the deal , so he might as well pay the price for it .
kevin : faust was really cool .
murnau definitely had an eye for using some wild visual effects to tell the story .
from a certain point of view , special effects were much cooler before computers when it was harder to figure how they were achieved .
the character of mephisto reminded me of the clown from spawn , acting all wicked and mischievous while also having a very playful attitude ; a memorable scenery-chewing performance by emil jannings .
the first moment that comes to mind for me is the scene where gretchen is about to be burned and she calls out to faust , and her voice carries over the land in that one awesome composite shot .
last film : sparrows ( 1926 ) .
next film : metropolis ( 1927 ) .
the movie odyssey is an exhaustive , chronological project where we watch as many milestone films as possible , starting with d.w. griffith 's intolerance in 1916 and working our way through , year by year , one film at a time .
we also write a short review for each and every film .
in this project , we hope to gain a deeper understanding of the time period , the films of the era , and each film in context , while at the same time just watching a lot of great movies , most of which we never would have watched otherwise .

1
f.w . murnau ( director of such films as nosferatu ( 1922 ) , sunrise , and der letzte mann 're - imagines ' the tale of .
unlike nosferatu , it 's most comparable film by murnau , faust clearly had a much higher production values , which can be seen with some eye-popping special effects such as the entrance of mephisto , or even mephisto 's stabbing , or even the scene of faust and mephisto flying .
you might consider these dated by today , but on looking back you 'll wonder how they did these effects in the 1920 's , making them incredible .
other noteworthy items are the sets , and backgrounds and sets which stand strong today .
the main character , faust is played well both by gã¶sta ekman ( playing both the young and old faust ) , but it is emil jannings who truly steals the show as mephisto who can works just as well as being the embodiment of all evil , to the funny scenes ( read : intentionally funny scenes ) such as the church scenes where mephisto covers his ears from the church music , to a woman trying to seduce mephisto .
if there is a problem with faust , is that it drops into melodrama ( specifically with the tagged on happy ending ) between the middle and the end which drags the film down to a pace at time , but this hardly is much to complain about because faust is one of the best fantasy tinged tragedies , and still holds up today as fine filming even if you do n't think you could stand through a film made over 75 years ago .
9/10 .
a must see !

1
the special effects in murnau 's expressionism masterpiece faust - eine deutsche ( faust ) are just astonishing .
i was really surprised when i saw the flying sequence with the weird bird creatures and inventive camera angles , it looks so modern compared to other films of the time and even many films made after it .
its also very creepy at times ( mainly in the beginning ) and tells a classic tragic story of love and the battle between good and evil ( even though it does n't at all times make a clear distinction between the two ) .
( slight spoilers ahead ) the moral dilemma is probably the greatest when faust says he 'll `` help the people in satan 's name `` and as he is trying to save a child from the plague he is stopped by the crucifix the child is holding and then is almost stoned to death by the townspeople ( who he is trying to help in the first place ) because he ca n't bare to look at the cross and is in league with the devil .
acting in faust is great same with cinematography and the story is just so captivating .
highly recommended for fans of silent horror , silent cinema and german expressionism .

1
a real miracle that brings this film back to life .
1926 in germany produced many prodigies .
murnau chose to go back to the old traditional legend , hence to ignore goethe 's double drama and all the subsequent romantic or melodramatic adaptations in the 19th century .
he also decided to ignore marlowe 's adaptation from 16th century england .
he simplified the traditional tale and only had one simple episode of travelling through time , in this case to some italian noble beauty that faust rapes under the influence of some magic .
murnau chose to concentrate on the tale of gretchen in the second part of the film ( which had started with the plague , of course the black death ) after this italian trip with elephants and black slaves .
he makes it romantic and intense in feeling , though all that feeling is nothing but the result of diabolical magic .
mephistopheles seduces the mother while faust seduces gretchen .
mephistopheles also keeps the brother away long enough for faust to succeed in his seduction .
but then mephistopheles gets on his own route since faust must be damned for him to recuperate his soul .
he gets the brother back to the house in time to find the seducer in his sister 's room , but after the mother had found him in the room too and had died of the traumatic shock .
faust kills the brother in the fight that follows .
the sister will be then put in the blocks but not executed for fornication .
but the winter comes and her baby is born .
in the cold and the snow the baby will die of exposure .
she will be accused of having killed the baby and then sentenced to burn at the stake .
and here murnau regenerates the tale by making faust truly in love and coming back to see gretchen again .
he runs in the crowd to be on her passage when she is led to the stake .
mephistopheles makes him old again just when he stands in front of her begging for forgiveness .
he is pushed away , unrecognized .
she is tied to the stake and set afire .
he jumps onto the pyre and into the fire and she sees through his age the young faust she had been in love with .
they die together at the stake .
and that brings the final salvation because faust was not moved by lust only but by real love that made him sacrifice his life , and gretchen was also moved by love since she was able to recognize the young faust in the old one , hence to see beyond appearances .
the end then is the rejection of mephistopheles ' request to get faust 's soul by god 's angel whose wings are wide open in the shape of an enormous heart .
apart from this touching and intense tale , the film is of course marvelously well directed and shot and murnau chooses too to keep the old framing technique that was natural with the old camera , the picture is systematically fuzzy all around .
today this produces some kind of dreamlike feeling .
the music of the dvd is also quite fascinating , in both versions of it , only a harp or a full symphonic orchestra .
we must be more than plain grateful when we see all these old films that find a new youth and glory thanks to the dvd .
dr jacques coulardeau , university paris dauphine , university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines

1
my first silent film lasted over two hours .
dialog full of screens after everything 's been said .
to be honest , i was surprised at how there was never a point of down , there was never a realization that i was watching a silent film , though it did take a bit of getting used to in the beginning .
some might get pushed away due to the fact that the screen transfer is n't great , or that the music has been recently dubbed , but i found it all to fit perfectly .
the acting in this film is more than over expectation , that made me believe in the story from start to finish .
by the end i had a new found admiration for the makers of movies from our past , and what standards they can set for movies now .

1
faust is a famous german story from johann wolfgang goethe but to be honest i was n't familiar with it until i saw this movie .
perhaps that 's also why i liked the story so much , the movie changes direction time after time and from the beginning on you do n't know how it is going to end .
a great story of good versus evil in which love conquers all .
what makes the movie very memorable is the visual look of it .
the movie is filled with some truly amazing early special effects .
f.w . murnau truly was a master in using convincing early special effects in his movies , some scene 's are really impressive .
also the cinematography is spectacular and it has some brilliant lighting .
in many ways the movie was decades ahead of its time .
the way the story is told in the movie is unique and spectacular for its period and so is the use of humor in it .
all the scene 's with mephisto and marthe were shear comedy brilliance , also mainly thanks to emil jannings his acting .
mephisto himself really was one scary great villain character , especially when the character is first introduced to faust .
maybe not entirely a classic masterpiece , the middle and the drama is bit too much dragging and lacking for it but certainly a movie historical important and memorable movie .
a f.w . murnau movie that deserves to be seen by more .
9/10 http : //bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

1
faust is my favourite german film , a timeless tale brought to life visually perfect by murnau in 1926 .
the photography and special effects although obviously constrained by the prevailing technology was stunning and relentless , a tour de force of camera trickery to bring the power of the story across to and ordinary folk alike .
trouble is , it 's a german b & w silent film so mainly and a few like me will ever see it for its beauty .
sunrise from a year later takes some beating but faust does it easily .
the devil wants to rule so places a morally dubious wager that if he wins dr. faust 's soul he wins the earth .
faust falls into the snare and so begins his descent into hell , along with the woman he has in one night of passion -- `` no man can resist evil `` .
after 9/11 can we really be sure who won ?
there 's so many memorable scenes : the devil lowering over the town ( jannings having to spend hours perched uncomfortably over billowing soot until murnau was happy with the shot ) ; faust throwing his books on the fire in his fantastic room ( with piles of dangerous nitrate film deliberately going up to help ) ; the magic carpet ride ; gretchen with her baby in the snow etc . .
ekman and jannings were especially superb in their respective roles , but everyone and everything played their parts well .
the print is a knockout remaster , the menacing atmosphere whenever faust or mephisto are in shot is palpable as was only possible with nitrate film stock .
thoroughly recommended to those even only mildly interested who 've never seen it before , one i will hopefully watch repeatedly in the future .

1
murnau 's faust is awesome .
his use of special effects was great in its day and still holds up pretty well for today 's standards .
i especially liked mephisto looming over the village as well as his doubling as he is stabbed .
the lighting is fantastic ; each frame can tell its own story .
as part of the german expressionist movement , every emotion , every thought is transferred onto the screen .
the agony of gretchen , the confusion and frustration of faust , and the sheer evil of mephisto are always apparent .
the film is just plain great from the classic story through the characterizations and special effects .
it 's one of the greats .

1
when i mentioned that the movie is n't especially close to the novel by goethe , this is n't that bad a problem .
unfortunately for me , as a college student decades ago i was forced to read this epic story and it was tedious to say the least .
it was 25,000 of verse that went on and on and on and on , ... seemingly with no end !
fortunately , this movie is relatively fast paced and interesting -- probably because it does n't follow the original ! !
now the plot is possibly familiar to you .
faust is offered a deal by the devil -- he can have youth and beauty and live out his every wish provided he give up his soul .
the prologue to this involving the archangel debating with satan is great -- the make up and costumes are amazing !
faust agrees and lives like a jerk -- eventually getting a sweet young lady , gretchen , pregnant and leaving her .
however , like the novel , in the end faust has second thoughts about what he 's become .
the star of this movie are the special effects and costuming as well as the gorgeous cinematography .
for all fans of the silents , this is a must-see .

1
first of all : how would you convey your emotions if you only had your body to express yourself ?
would you make gestures ?
would you move your hands ?
or would you use your entire body as a means to express yourself ?
well , gretchen , in faust , demonstrates the proper way to do it .
her *** incredible *** acting is more than deserving of praise .
her facial expression when saving her child from certain death , her body movements , the tears in her eyes ... it was sublime .
simply sublime .
murnau 's photography and special effects also excel .
this might be the perfect movie for someone who has never watched a silent movie .
it 's moving , it 's eerie , it 's phenomenal .
only second ( and that 's a maybe ) to caligari ( although caligari might not be liked by the general public ) .
superb .
perfect .

1
colleen moore is so charismatic and super-cute , the way she rolls her eyes and carries about with that happy go lucky persona .
i found this treasure at grapevine video ( also available at happy video ) .
if you are in the need for a quick and movie , this is the one .
the plot is simple .
moore plays irene a girl who lives with an irish family and is kicked into the work force .
the only thing i would change about this movie is that overly long model show .
if it was me i would have edit it to two minutes .

1
this short film was included several years ago in a documentary about thomas edison and his early movie-making experiments .
it 's timeless - an absolute classic !
the video itself is jumpy and splotchy , and primitive by even the earliest silent film standards .
but by anyone 's measure , the dancer is amazingly good , and this peek into the distant past is well worth watching , if the opportunity arises .
it would be nice if someone put together for commercial sale a collection of very early experimental film projects like this one .
few are likely to be as fascinating as this , but it 's amazing to see how dramatically video technology has changed - and how relatively little change there has been in our entertainment preferences .

1
this very early experimental film , which is number on this website , is very short , yet i find is really interesting .
this is something that is so short yet so incredible , probably because it is an experimental film that is century .
well all in all , this is something that it part of film history , it is a look at one of the earliest experimental films .
i ca n't really call this a work of art or a gem of a film considering how short it is , but nevertheless , i can say that it is very important piece of film history that is worth spending less than one minute .
you should take less than a minute to watch this , because although it is extremely short , it is an important piece of film history .
so all in all , this is a very short yet historical experimental film that should be seen as part of your education on film history .
most experimental films from this era really seem to fascinate somebody like me , considering the fact that i am really interested with the early history of film .
well watch this whenever you can , because you are really going to be interested with the history of this short yet interesting experimental film .
i ca n't really say what this is about , considering that it is not very long , but still , just watch it whenever you can , it will really interest you .
10/10

1
l'auberge is probably melies ' most imitated single film : a traveler enters a hotel room and things do n't just go wrong : thy go terribly pear-shaped as beds vanish and reappear , boots walk off and pants fly away in a side-splitting combination of stage and film magic .
i have seen variations from edison , booth , gaumont and melies redid this at least three times in increasingly elaborate variations .
still , there 's always tremendous fun in seeing something done for the first time and melies ' sense of fun is always great to see .
this is one of the many previously lost or infrequently seen melies pictures that have been made available by serge bromberg , david shepherd and a myriad of other hands in the newly issued dvd set georges melies : first wizard of cinema .
required viewing for anyone interested in the history of movies ... and a lot of fun .

1
this is a simple but highly appealing short film -- and one of the very best from georges mã©liã¨s ' early work .
mã©liã¨s was a stage magician who decided to incorporate magic into films and used a variety of techniques that were novel for the time to make his movie seem magical .
often , just by stopping and restarting the camera , he could make it appear as if things vanish or reappear !
nowadays , folks can easily see how this is done , but at the time it was hot stuff -- so hot , other filmmakers started stealing his tricks and even made films that you swear were made by georges mã©liã¨s himself !
`` the bewitched inn `` stands out because although it uses the standard sorts of camera tricks , it also has a wonderful sense of humor .
so , not only do things appear and disappear , but the room appears to be deliberately antagonizing the poor man ( as usual , played by the director himself ) .
you really have to feel sorry for the guy , as again and again the room gets the better of him !
cute and well worth seeing .

1
a priest is officiating at a convent , when suddenly he is transformed into the devil , who frightens away the nuns and turns the place into a outlet of pandemonium .
another of melies ' wonderful combinations of stage and film magic , this tells a fine little story of the triumph of faith .
but how did he get into the convent in the first place ?
this is one of the many previously lost or infrequently seen melies pictures that have been made available by serge bromberg , david shepherd and a myriad of other hands in the newly issued dvd set georges melies : first wizard of cinema .
required viewing for anyone interested in the history of movies ... and a lot of fun .

1
leon czolgosz assassinated president william mckinley , who died in september in 1901 .
in turn , czolgosz was electrocuted that october , and the film was made in december .
it begins with the view of a train , continues to the exterior of the prison , and finally to outside the prisoner 's cell .
he is led away , we see his electrocution , and he is examined with a stethoscope by two witnesses .
i recommend this film to all those interested in american history as it shows an interesting episode in it .

1
i do n't really think that you could say that , considering that this film is only about 10-15 minutes long , but i can nevertheless see why it is considered to be so legendary .
why is it considered to be so legendary may someone ask .
the explanation is that this was considered to be the first major motion picture .
while the short looks a little cheap in a few spots , i can still see perfectly why this is considered to be such a legendary piece of film .
i watched this movie just last night , and while i ca n't really say much about it , i can say that i was delighted by its significance and importance to the history of film .
let 's see , here are a few reasons .
along with being the first major motion picture , this was made by thomas edison .
and also , let 's not forget the famous final shot , in which someone shoots directly at the camera .
little did everyone know that this would help inspire the famous gun barrel sequence in the james bond movies .
and to me , that is extremely important considering the fact that i am an extremely huge fan of the james bond films .
there are also a few more reasons to the significance of this film , but i 'm not going to name them all , because it would take too long .
well anyway , this film is an important piece of film history , if you have n't seen it already , then take the time to see it , because you will see why it 's considered to be such a landmark in the history of film , and hey , it is a land mark in the history of film !
10/10

1
the great train robbery was filmed only a couple of years into the 20th century , and when you watch it , its age is quite obvious .
however , when you watch movies like this , you need to transport yourself back to the time period in which it was created and kind of watch the film through eyes that have n't been subjected to spectacularly visual films like the matrix or terminator 2 .
edwin porter made a ground-breaking film with the great train robbery .
sure , the scenes were very simple and the film is so blurry that you ca n't make out a single face ( this is also a result of the total lack of close-up shots ) , but in 1903 people watched this film and were stunned .
it was hugely successful because it was one of the first films in the world to be made that actually told a story .
previously , films were made mainly to show off the technology of the `` moving picture , `` and the public loved them because they had never seen such a thing before .
but when porter came along with the great train robbery , the path of motion pictures changed dramatically because people began to realize that these films could tell stories just as well as they could show water lapping on the beach or factory workers getting off of work or people jumping into a lake .
these were the type of films that were made in the 1890s and early 1900s .
the great train robbery is an extremely short film , but it is an interesting story that is made even more fascinating because of the fact that everything that happens on the screen happened nearly 100 years ago .
it 's like looking at a piece of history .

1
this film was made in 1903 and was the longest one to date : twelve minutes .
it has a clearly identifiable plot and this is that a band of four outlaws wreak havoc on two trains and the people on them .
they are rather skilled criminals but , in the end , ... this movie is a must-see if you are interested in the dawn of the cinematographic age .

1
an 11 minute action ride that is now 107 years old .
silent movies have a place in my heart , by demonstrating the medium in its purest form .
the great train robbery even avoids using dialog cards .
most scenes are shot from one position , locked down and motionless .
this enables the scenes to unfold , but also keeps us at a distance .
it also allows for humor , such as the swap from human to dummy , and the passengers constantly exiting a train into a single shot .
it 's a wonderful film , with some surprising violence for its time .
you can see the evolution of cinema before your eyes , as editing , pacing and action join forces for this early gem .

1
it 's a simple story surrounding the amazing `` the great train robbery `` .
a group of bad guys robbing a train and killing everyone on their way .
but the movie has something more .
we can look to this picture and think of how much cinema evolved all these years but still think that this film was the source of inspiration of many other films .
to name one , martin scorsese 's `` goodfellas `` the last scene where joe pesci fires a gun towards the screen is a great homage to the exact last scene of `` the great train robbery `` and this scene was so impressive at the time ( 1903 ) that the people in the audience feared for their lives as they thought that the bullets of the gun would hit them all .
the narrative was very original ( one of the first films to deal with the theme of violence ) , director edwin porter made a oustanding western that should be considered the first great western ever made ( i do n't know if there 's older westerns than this ) .
i 'm a enthusiast when it comes to the early days of films because many times this classics are more interesting than today 's odd and fast flicks .
we watch films like `` a trip to the moon `` and `` the great train robbery `` and keep thinking how in the world the people involved with it made such advanced techniques e.g . the use of color in some scenes ( the girl with the yellow dress and everyone 's dancing with her are filmed in black-and-white ) .
today this film might not be a thrilling movie and actually there 's some funny moments involving the robbers 's victims getting shot ( the most hilarious moment comes when they kill a guy on the train and then they throw the guy 's out and you can see that the guy was replaced by a. .
.
doll !
i could n't hold myself during this part ) but nonetheless it is a great accomplish and it 's very enjoyable to see .
an interesting experience to see .
search on the net , it 's part of the public domain .
10/10

1
i watched this movie a while ago .
i thought that it was very interesting because it has such a remarkable history behind it .
back in the time of edison manufacturing company , the films that it made such as the great train robbery and 1910 's frankenstein were probably considered scary .
it 's hard to believe now , but both of those are still good to watch in my opinion because they kind of started the western and horror film genre .
i find it very interesting to watch the old edison company films just to see how motion pictures started .
in short , even though this was made in 1903 and is only about 10 or 15 minutes long , it 's worth watching at least once .

1
what do these famous persons have in common : buffalo bill , bat masterson , wyatt earp , charlie , frank james , annie oakley , cole younger , and `` yellowstone `` kelly ?
they were still alive in 1903 , and they had a lot of living to do .
perhaps they saw this wonderful movie , which was inspired by a wyoming train robbery by butch cassidy 's wild bunch in 1900 .
the great train robbery , produced by the edison studios , was filmed in the wilds of new jersey .
the title sums up the feature , but the train bandits get their comeuppance within twelve minutes .
it is only fitting that the historic first motion picture in america was a western .
a bandit shoots at the audience at the beginning or end of the feature , depending upon the prints ( which vary ) .
`` broncho billy `` anderson , who regularly acted for almost two decades , had several roles .
he may have been the first american movie `` star , `` in the loose sense of the term .
great fun !

1
this was a ground-breaking film in several ways ... the first western , the first movie to tell a complete story , the first movie to utilize special effects which still stand up ( somewhat ) today !
other reviewers ' comments would be repeated if i elaborated much further on this film , but i would like to point out that this is the film seen by richard farnsworth in the grey fox , inspiring him to abandon robbing stagecoaches for trains .
catch both of these films if you can ! ! ! !
a 10 from me !

1
one of the very first american narrative films , `` the great train robbery `` was a fast-paced western .
it was made at the end of the american west era in 1903 .
for any student in film school , this is a must see .
for film enthusiasts , do n't miss out .
it is a wonderful piece of history .
in the opening of `` tombstone `` in 1993 , a segment of this film can be seen ( the man shooting the camera ) , which is amazing .
i always wondered where that came from .
it was n't until i was in film school myself that i found the origin to where george p. cosmatos got that .
it is now 110 years later , and this film is held in very high regard by people in the film industry .
it is the standard in what film narration should and ought to be .
an excellent watch .

1
one of melies ' elaborate story productions , ranking with voyage to the moon , using camera tricks , sleight of hand , elaborate costumes and interesting model work .
technically it will look primitive to the modern eye -- the sets are clearly sets , the models clearly models -- but it is all done with melies ' verve and dedication .
certainly , the grotto and underwater sets are beautiful ; he knew how to draw stonework .
melies , i feel , remains the most accessible of the oldest directors , in large part because of the sheer sense of showmanship and joy that is evident in these works .
his scenes , when they are not sleight-of-hand magic , are essentially tableaux , punctuated by acrobats .
his tableaux are much more elaborate than other directors who use the form , providing a feast for the eye .
working , as he does in this movie , with familiar images , he elaborates them , whereas in voyage to the moon , he invents them and suggest them .
the effect is -- there is no other word for it -- magical .

1
you can not rate this by comparing it to a modern movie .
that would be like denigrating the intelligence of a dolphin because it does n't think with a human brain .
given the date of release ( 1903 : that is oh ! ! !
) it is a wonder that this movie even exists .
that is it is available in what appears to be a well-preserved first or second-generation print , almost and in dazzling color , is practically miraculous enough to have made darwin a believer .
the best version of this film that i know of is in the flicker alley 5-dvd set , enhanced by eric 's synthesized but nonetheless completely fitting and musical soundtrack .
there is still much that could be done to clean up this print : it is possible to matte over much of the sparkling on the left side of the frame , and blot out almost all of the blobs of crud and scrapes that come and go , eliminate a few flash frames , and of course hide all the splices .
there is still a little annoying jitter in the underwater scene , but it 's not too bad ( and after all it is `` underwater `` ) .
if these things are corrected , or if you just use a little imagination to overlook the blemishes , the quality of this film is really staggering ( 1903 ! !
) .
it is probably the most beautiful of all the existing films ( maybe right beside `` inventor and his wonderful airship `` , also in color ) .
of course uses a number of antiquated stage conventions , such as trap doors and wobbly sliding flats ; and for some reason he hired an oddly stolid and frumpy fairy to introduce the apotheosis ( itself a creaking stage convention ) , but this all adds to the fun .
( remember , it is nineteen oh three !
) the story itself is secondary , and it has no particular depth , but it is extremely well put together .
and besides , unless we 're talking classic literature , story should really be secondary anyway : it 's what you do with the story that matters , and here really `` pulls out the stops `` with fabulous pantomime , running and leaping ( most notably from himself ) , exotic costumes , amazing fantastic backdrops and characters ( and animals !
) , cumulative drama with a fantastic climactic fire scene , a well-constructed and engaging narration , and in the case of the flicker alley release , a speaker who really charms and amuses with some highly mangled ( but still understandable ) english , like a dear old from the old country spinning a story for the kids .
so far this is the only movie i 've ever rated a 10 .
i wish i could rate the restoration a 10 , but 9.5 is pretty good .

1
this film , made in 1905 , is a parody of `` the great train robbery , `` from 1903 .
the main difference is that the robbers this time are children ; therefore , everything occurs on a level .
if you liked the first one , consider seeing this movie as well -- it is entertaining as well as adventurous .

1
what a film this is !
the film is under two minutes , and i ca n't remember half of it .
i seem to remember a woman with a very large hat getting it pulled off , pants turning into umbrellas , men getting stabbed an dismembered , but still walking around , houses turning into elephants , and many other images .
cohl seemed to want to include every image he could think of in the film .
i 'm sure he had no idea of the legacy he would leave .
in fact , judging by the nature of the film , it 's almost as if , at the time , cohl thought he might be one of the only people on the planet who would ever be able to make drawings move like that .
even today , with all the technological advances in the field of animation , `` fantasmagorie `` is entertaining .
despite the fact that it has no plot or real point except to show off what animation can do , and despite the relative crudeness of the drawings , its relentless , violent energy , and short running time make it a joy to watch .
i would n't expect non-animation buffs to care much about it however .
they 'd probably enjoy it , but would have hard time understanding the fuss .

1
emile cohl 's fantasmagorie is perhaps one of the earliest film depictions of animation , in this case it 's chalk drawings on a black board morphing from one scene to another without any real connection except for the way lines keep moving to any shape or form cohl can think of .
and it all happens in the space of two minutes !
so , historically , this is one of the most fascinating animated shorts ever .
audiences might have been even more awestruck then than we would be now what with all the improvements that have happened in the nearly one hundred years since then .
so for all of the above reasons , this short gets a 10 .

1
excellent little split reel piece about a beggar and a gambling courtier .
griffith shows his mastery of cutting in this picture , and evidently got his bosses at biograph to spend some money on costumes for the new year .
griffith begins to put together the rules of his grammar ...

1
i was blown away by the beauty of the actress playing the indian maiden in this film .
from the first moment you see her on screen she looks like you could reach out and touch her , she is so realistic .
the d.w. griffith years of discovery liner notes say she was `` unknown . ``
well , that is a crying shame !
how could someone not document who she was ?
she was stunning , and completely believable .
if anyone knows who she was , please post it here for posterity .
this film was pretty sensitive to the indians ' cause , and also showed that the white man could also get along with the indians when they showed true christian character towards them .
owen moore and james kirkwood perform well .
the father 's death scene is moving and poignant .
was d.w. griffith a racist ?
if he was you could n't tell it from this film .

1
i 've just recently come across this tile while watching the landmarks of early film and i must say i 'm completely taken by it .
ok , the visual effects are very dated , but then again , the effects themselves are not what makes the movie .
the thing that really impressed me was the character development of `` the girl `` .
at first we see a girl working at the and being the one who 's in charge of keeping the money ( one would more likely expect a man doing that in the wild west , not a woman ) .
next we see a man who fancies this girl and she 's concerned for the money .
he calms her down .
i was sure that she 'd be a helpless damsel in distress and he 'd come in and rescue her .
and here 's the thing that surprised me most - it gets deeper then that .
the girl locks herself inside as the two tramps try to steal the money .
she has the key to the strongbox .
handing the key over would surely save her , but she keeps to it .
also after locking herself into the room she does n't faint or starts panicking .
no !
she actually tries to get help by .
one of the tramps realizes it and cuts the line .
then she even finds a way to scare them off !
amazingly she puts a bullet into the , places the at the back and hammers away to fire the bullet off ( something even macgyver would be quite proud of ) .
and when the tramps take the strongbox she chases after them !
she is a real heroine .
but she is overpowered and the man from earlier on ( with the help of rail employees ) the bad guys in a action chase sequence .
and to make it a truly happy ending , they even have a little romantic scene when the girl is saved and the guy offers her lunch at the front bumper of the locomotive .
brilliant .
ok , it 's shorter , black and white and with no sound effects at all , but at points it reminded me so much of the panic room ... you know ... people on the outside trying to get to what a `` helpless `` woman has in a room they ca n't break into .
and over 100 years old - i was breathless !

1
this was my first time watching a movie directed by the legendary thomas h. ince and it was a pretty touching one .
an american indian ( or if you prefer , native american ) woman is mourning the death of her baby just before a white trapper kills a buffalo on the tribes ' ground .
he gets found out with the result of a massacre on the settlers ' homes .
the braves find a baby and decide to take it to the dead infant 's mother as compensation .
when the white mother looks for her lost newborn , she gets captured and bound for torture ... like i said , this was a very touching epic that explores the way different kinds of people react to certain situations .
and it does n't portray the other side as the enemy , just simply as people who like the settlers are trying to protect what 's theirs though both groups still have vengeance in their hearts .
the most sympathetic character is definitely the native american woman who knows how motherhood feels and does the right thing at the end at the price of her own sadness .
so with that said , i highly recommend the indian massacre ( or the alternate title on the dvd collection `` saved from the flames `` : the heart of an indian ) .
p.s . francis ford , older brother of director john ford , plays the main indian here .

1
this film was included in the three dvd set `` saved from the flames `` -- a collection of mostly ephemeral movies that have managed to avoid turning to powder , catching fire or melting -- something that usually happened with the nitrate film stock used up through the 1950s .
this is a film from thomas ince about the old west and it is a bit more sympathetic in style compared to many of the films about american indians .
it begins at an indian camp -- a lady 's young child has just died and she 's heartbroken .
so , when this same tribe later attacks a group of settlers who have invaded their land and shot at them , they take one of the white babies as a replacement for her dead child .
how will this all play out ?
see for yourself in this very , very good early western drama .
as the notes to this film suggest , it is a much more realistic portrait of the west -- with much more understatement and characters that are from an wild west show -- not hollywood actors .
this , combined with a large tract of land give this a wide-open feel .
it also gives a much more sympathetic or morally neutral view of the indians and settlers -- which is highly unusual for the time .
as a result , the film is much more realistic and watchable than most of the westerns of the 1930s and 40s ... and that 's quite an achievement .
as for the indians , many are actual american indians , though like so many films in subsequent decades , the leading tribesman is played by a white guy in dark makeup and a wig .
for another very good silent western that is more sympathetic towards the indian , try watching `` the vanishing american `` -- a truly exceptional film in every way ... though also starring a white guy in makeup and a dark wig .

1
a wonderful old film that is still enjoyable ninety years later .
one of the better shorts from griffith 's biograph period with fine performances from lionel barrymore and mary pickford .
miss pickford always seems to brighten up a film .
wonderful actress !

1
some of the reviewers here have foolishly judged this silent film by political-correctness standards of today .
`` battle `` was an excellent film for several reasons , correctly noted by more rational reviewers : superb cast , lots of action , innovative editing and photography .
its stars were in effect the d.w. griffith stock company and to this silent movie fan , that is inducement enough to watch it and to enjoy it .
i saw it many years ago and just watched it again at youtube ; that was a very poor quality print , but coupled with my memory of a good print in a real theater , i can justifiably recommend this to reasonable people and film historians .

1
... just above the previous episode : le mort qui tue ( 1913 ) .
louis feuillade 's narrative mastery greatly improved after the first adventure of the `` emperor of crime . ``
fantã´mas vs. fantã´mas is a perfect balance between mystery , action and poetry .
just think of the bleeding wall and the fancy dress ball .
the ultimate episode , le faux ( 1914 ) , is more of a classical crime story .
fantã´mas ' p.o.v . is widely over-used and action takes place in a little town instead of paris .
by 1914 fritz lang was a painter in montmartre .
he obviously learned a lot from the serial .
especially how cinema could bring together art and entertainment .
he then gave us mabuse , the `` crime genius `` , a more serious and tragic character than fantã´mas and , above all , a major in cinema history .

1
i love these early short comedies from chaplin because , much more than most other directors early in their career , these early short films are such clear depictions of reality , there is always so much history to be seen in them .
in film johnny , charlie plays himself , basically , a newcomer to film , trying to get into the pictures and get noticed .
but of course , in true chaplin form , the only thing he manages to do is create havoc , botch an unnecessary rescue attempt and a make a mess of the studio .
my understanding is that `` film johnny `` refers to the guys that would hang around film studios , hoping to get inside and get a job ( it should be noted that steven spielberg used to do this ) .
chaplin starts out in this film as one of those guys , and then we see a clear escalation of the gags that they put together , culminating in a priceless scene where he gets his hands on a gun and gives in to the feeling of power and invincibility it gives him , and he goes around shooting up the place , famously lighting a cigarette by shooting it with the gun and then firing shots at random around the studio , eventually catching it on fire and inadvertently providing the perfect ending for the film that they had been trying to shoot while he was messing everything up .
it is also interesting , as i have noticed some other imdb users have pointed out , that in this film you get a glimpse of the keystone studios lot only weeks after chaplin began his film career .
a must see for any fan .

1
winsor mccay 's `` gertie the dinosaur `` , is an early animation masterpiece that i believe can be enjoyed by both extreme animation buffs , and the average casual viewer .
on different levels of course .
the average viewer would see a pleasant little film about a baby like dinosaur showing off for us .
an animation fanatic like me would see a lot more .
for the time it was made , the animation is fantastic .
it 's leaps and bounds ahead of anything else i have seen from that time .
the detail is sharp , the movements are smooth , and the backgrounds , all hand drawn frame by frame , are vivid and hardly shake at all .
i overheard someone mentioning during the class break that he could see an early use of rotoscoping when `` mccay `` walks onto the screen .
the guy was mistaken .
rotoscoping was n't invented until the 1930 's .
this is a testament to mccay 's artistry : to make characters so life-like that people still think today that they are real .
that previous statement was in reference to mccay 's realistic drawing style .
however , it could also be applied to the character of gertie .
she is very believable as a real `` person . ``
we come to like gertie and her child-like antics , understanding her needs to be the focus of attention .
i liked the way gertie tried to hog the screen from jumbo , first by throwing him into the lake , then by hurtling a rock at him .
this of course shows us gertie 's infantile character , but , going back to the artwork , is also a perfect example of mckay 's mastery of smooth animated movement .
all said , this is probably one of the key films in the transition from cartoon characters just being moving drawings to being characters that we can understand and care about .

1
i have got something to say here .
is gertie the dinosaur incredibly astounding ?
well let me tell you , it is incredibly astounding !
i mean that this is something that is totally and completely remarkable !
in my point of view , this is a masterpiece that is going to remain timeless !
it is no wonder that this short subject is in the national film registry , because i was totally and completely astounded with this fabulous masterpiece brought to us by windsor mccay !
another thing , this is also going to be 12 minutes of your life that you are really going to enjoy , because we get something very extraordinary in a mere 12 minutes !
only windsor mccay could have thought up a masterpiece like this , not anyone else , only windsor mccay !
well mccay was certainly a genius , because this is something else , it is not like ordinary animated short films , it is overall something to see !
what i really liked about this was the part where mccay got onto the screen with gertie , because it looked so cool !
well bravo to mr. mccay , because he did an extremely fabulous job with this masterpiece !
you should watch this when you get the chance to do so , because you are not going to regret it at all !
this is one 12 minutes of your life that you are not going to regret using , because it just does n't get any better than this !
10/10

1
one of the earliest and certainly most important of animated cartoons is winsor mccay 's gertie the dinosaur .
surrounded by a live action recreation of mccay with fellow cartoonist george mcmanus ( bringing up father ) making a bet of making a dinosaur come to life , the animated footage can still charm any animation buff with scenes of gertie lifting a foot , crying , throwing jumbo the elephant to the water , eating a tree , drinking the water , or carrying mccay himself out of frame .
the cartoonist drew about a thousand feet of cartoons in six months without cels or backgrounds to put cels over .
just entire drawings with slight differences on sheets of paper .
certainly worth seeing for anyone who wants to study animation from the beginning .

1
there is some disagreement over whether or not this is really the first film in which chaplin performed as the beloved tramp , since apparently mabel 's strange predicament was filmed a month earlier ( although released two days later ) , but the interest of the film as the first time that audiences saw his famous character , as well as the fact that he was clearly still learning about it himself , remains clear .
this was long before the times of screenplays and film scripts , and it is clear from watching the film that it is completely ad-libbed , but what is also clear is not only the talent but also the symbolism and the foreshadowing of chaplin 's later career , which chaplin could not even have known he was doing himself .
a lot of people have made the mistake of judging this film based on the quality of chaplin 's later work , which is ridiculous not only because the film was made during such an embryonic period of film history , but also because less than a half a year before it was made , chaplin was acting on stage in england and knew absolutely nothing about film-making .
only a few years before this film was made , a film that depicted a group of people simply walking past the camera or people jumping into a lake was considered successful .
the very thought of a `` moving picture `` had itself not lost its sense of being a novelty , so this film , if anything , was ahead of its time .
what is also worth noting is that , in the world 's first look at chaplin 's most famous character , we get such a clear sense of his love of the crowd and his desire to be in front of the camera .
it is very important when watching these early films to keep in mind the historical context in which they were made , and not only the films made by chaplin but from anyone else who was making them during this period .
this is the very beginning of film-making in los angeles , a rare look at one of the cinema 's biggest talents literally learning his talent on camera in a young hollywood .
to write the film off because of simple comedy or quality is absurd .
first of all , i am immediately fascinated by the film because of the fact that it was filmed in venice , california , where i lived until about two months ago .
nothing is recognizable , since it was filmed 90 years ago and most of the setting is covered by crowds of people , but it should also be noted that chaplin is literally trying on the costume which would soon make him one of the most famous people in the world , and in this six-minute comedy he is wandering around in a film learning his own act .
that people today immediately demand high-budget quality from a film like this is ludicrous , to say the least .
it 's also interesting to consider the fact that , while the film is very , very simple and the improvised comedy is not complex in any way , it is also very real and fits perfectly as an introduction to chaplin as an actor and the tramp as an everyday character .
watch any live , on-location news broadcast today and look at what any jerk standing behind the camera is trying to do , and the realism of some guy at the auto races , the tramp , wandering in front of the camera and mugging makes even more sense .
it 's also interesting to see the people in the background , curious about this new film thing , obviously staring directly at the camera and watching the filming .
chaplin , as he did in making a living , his first film , plays a bit of an unlikable character , but only unlikable as compared to what the tramp would later become .
he was a cheat and a swindler in making a living , while here he is just an annoying passer-by who wo n't go away .
the film is book-ended by odd clippings of a note to `` his best girl , `` and it is unclear why he `` made tracks for the track , `` but for whatever reason , he was there and made it his mission to be in front of the camera of an increasingly irritated cameraman as much as possible .
the cameraman that charlie is constantly blocking is played by henry lehrman , who directed the first few of chaplin 's comedies and with whom chaplin never had a very positive relationship , either on screen or off .
so many people are immediately put off by the technical crudity or stylistic simplicity or physical decay of films like this , but i think that they are even more fascinating for reasons like this .
filmed more than 90 years ago , it is still a clear look at chaplin 's budding career , both on and off the screen .
only a few months later , he would begin directing his own films and his nearly unmatched career in film-making would be launched .
anyone with even a mild interest in film history or silent films should not miss this one , as it is a major landmark in cinematic history and the career of one of its biggest stars .
for those of you that demand complex plots and polished film-making , maybe you should stick to watching modern film .

1
the plot of this movie is based on a vitagraph movie from 1908 : `` an auto heroine `` in that film , a woman 's father gets kidnapped and she drives his car to win the race .
in this film , a woman 's boyfriend gets kidnapped and she drives his car to win the race , while her father cheers from the stands .
in an article called `` speeding sweethearts of the silent screen , `` film historian william drew notes that after mary pickford 's car chase movie `` a beast at bay `` ( griffith , 1912 ) , this is only the third movie to feature a woman 's driving .
it will only become standard in movies starting in 1915 .
drew notes , `` in fact , one can view mabel at the wheel as a kind of feminist parable with the heroine defeating the male competitors on the race course as well as the villainous chaplin . ``
besides seeing mabel normand 's feminist heroics , the other reason this film , directed by ms. normand , is noteworthy is chaplin 's unique performance .
he plays the villain wearing a trench coat and whiskers .
through much of the film , he does what seems like a perfect impression of comedian ford sterling .
at one point , chaplin even crosses his eyes like sterling .
it should be remembered that chaplin was hired at keystone to replace ford sterling .
in fact chaplin 's tramp costume uses sterling 's large size shoes , perhaps symbolizing the fact that he was hired to fill sterling 's shoes literally as well as figuratively .
the first five minutes of the film is quite different from the rest .
chaplin plays simply harry mccoy 's rival for mabel normand .
this is exactly the same triangle we saw in chaplin 's first film , `` making a living . ``
the second five minutes of the film is different with chaplin suddenly turning into a ridiculous villain caricature .
he goes around jabbing people and tires with a pin .
there is a scene where chaplin takes out a water hose to water a race car course .
apparently , chaplin refused to do it .
chaplin probably did not see the humor in endangering people 's lives .
slapping , punching , pricking and kicking people is one thing , but actually endangering people 's lives is another .
he worked off the set .
famously , mack sennett threatened to fire him .
he submitted and played the rest of the movie as normand wanted him to , in ford sterling absurdist style .
we should remember that chaplin 's humor was based on the funny drunk sketch he made famous .
the drunk is funny , but not absurd .
the absurd humor that keystone dealt with was simply not something that chaplin appreciated .
this is really a mabel normand film and it seems unfair to give sennett credit for directing it when all he did was discipline chaplin .
normand had her own problems with sennett and was probably only staying with him at the time because he gave her the opportunity to direct .
there are some powerful images in the film : mabel falling off a motorcycle , mabel behind the wheel of the car with mechanic william , charlie sitting next to mabel and jabbing her with a pin and her jabbing him right back , and mack sennett as a country bumpkin in a cameo appearance .
it seems possible that mabel was expressing how she really felt about sennett by having him act this way .
the original film was 1900 feet and the restored version is about 1400 .
please keep in mind that over 25 % of the film is still missing .
probably the jumpy , quick shots in the racing scenes were much smoother with longer shots in the original .
sennett supposedly got a telegram from his partners in new york demanding more chaplin films during the production of this film and only this telegram stopped him from firing chaplin .
i tend to think that it was the success of this movie that really put chaplin on the map .
while chaplin was fine in his first ten films , there was nothing particularly distinguishing about him .
this two-reeler would have established him as the real replacement for the popular ford sterling .

1
the perils of pauline is the most famous of the silent movie serials , which were a phenomenon on the teens and early 20s .
pearl white was the superstar of this genre ( ruth roland and marion davies also starred in famous serials ) and is the star of the perils of pauline .
loosely plotted with little connecting tissue between episodes , the serials usually featured heroines in all kinds of dangers but always saved in the nick of time .
30s serials mostly featured men in adventurous outings .
the `` cliff hanger `` ending was developed in serials as a way of drawing audiences back to watch the next episode .
the perils of pauline was originally a serial but only the european release survives .
it opens with the death of pauline 's uncle and takeover by his `` trusted `` secretary as pauline 's guardian until she marries .
pauline 's boy friend ( crane wilbur ) is a loyal but dumb sort of guy .
the guardian ( paul panzer ) is constantly trying to knock off pauline so he can inherit all the family fortune .
so in each episode pauline gets into trouble as the guardian and his henchman ( francis carlyle ) try to kill her .
the plotting is crude and the escapes are unrealistic but it 's all in good fun .
and audiences loved seeing pearl white doing all kinds of dangerous stunts .
in this series she is bound and gagged several times , kidnapped several times by cowboys , pirates , gypsies , wild indians , etc . and left for dead in a number of caves , burning houses , sinking ships , and subterranean cellars , and of course tied to railroad tracks !
pauline is imperiled in speeding cars , runaway balloons , runaway horses , and left dangling on cliffs , and fighting off hordes of rats .
my favorite is the indian immortality test in which they shove her down a steep mountain slope to give her a running start and then shove a massive round boulder down the slope after stunt basically repeated in the opening of the first indiana jones movie .
pearl white is pretty and does well as the archetypical heroine .
she 's also very good in the action scenes whether dangling from a rope or cliff 's edge or being carried off by desperados .
crane wilbur and paul panzer overact but it 's fun .
milton berle made his first film appearance in this serial ( and also in tillie 's punctured romance ) in 1914 !
an entertaining biography of pearl white was filmed in 1947 as the perils of pauline , starring betty hutton .

1
of the three fatty normand shorts featured on the vhs tape titled the original keystone comedies : volume four ( the first two were mabel 's wilful way and that little band of gold ) , mabel and fatty 's married life was the most hilarious and best showcase for them , especially mabel .
see mabel become very excited whether pulling a gun when she thinks a burglar is sneaking in her house while her husband 's away ( turns out fatty came back in to get some papers ) or showing fright when she sees a curtain shaking ( turns out a monkey from earlier in the short was there ) .
by the way , ms. normand 's fright reactions rival those of lou costello 's for the most thigh-slapping hilarity i 've ever seen !
there 's also an organ grinder , a friend of fatty 's , and the keystone cops for added enjoyment of one of the best silent short comedies i 've yet seen .
most highly recommended for any silent comedy fan out there !

1
i had seen some of stan laurel 's solo career films , and so i decided to see some of oliver hardy 's films from his solo career , and so this was one of the first ones that i saw .
and in my opinion , speaking as a person who really loves oliver hardy , this short is hysterical , hysterical , hysterical !
i remember that i was laughing and laughing myself silly when i first saw this short , it is one of hardy 's best out of his career without stan laurel !
here is a little warning for you : if somebody comes up to your door saying that they are there for an eccentric job , do not hire them to do it !
what i really loved about this short was the fact that oliver hardy and his assistant where making a huge mess out of the sanitarium , literally !
well i would n't really know about how much of a mess you can make out of a sanitarium , because i have n't been to one , so i would n't know about it .
well getting back to my review , this is really a hysterical time that is filled with a lot of gags and laughs !
just watch this film , you are probably going to be laughing a lot at this when you do see it , because if you really love oliver hardy , you will really love this !
10/10

1
hilarious 1916 comedy short teaming gloria swanson with bobby vernon .
swanson is slightly bored with her beau ( vernon ) until he starts being interested in another girl .
she 's also being pestered by `` last season 's beau `` so she decides ( of course ) to dress as a boy and cause some trouble .
swanson as a boy is just terrific .
she has fun with all the `` boy `` mannerisms and is a terrific physical comic .
vernon is also a top comic but long forgotten because his career was mostly in shorts and died with the coming of sound .
in 1916 swanson was still a teenager and already a star .
the way she uses her smile and eyes is just amazing and you can ' y take your eyes off her .
it 's no wonder she would go on to be one of the biggest stars of the 20s .
she is amazing .

1
this 1916 film stars norma talmadge as an artist 's model and tully marshall as the artist .
he struggles to find inspiration to complete his painting and is looking for a new model .
talmadge is already hooked on morphine and keeps a stash in her little dressing room .
talmadge is secretly in love with marshall .
one day a man ( an art patron ?
) and his fiancã©e come to look at the paintings .
marshall is taken with the girl ( marguerite marsh ) and she is excited by the bohemian lifestyle .
as the man , oddly named sir gordon ( played by howard gaye ) is about to propose , he discovers that marshall has married marsh .
it 's also shown how talmadge has turned marshall onto morphine .
one year later , marshall is a total drug fiend .
he 's even tried to get marsh hooked on morphine .
she has gone back to her father .
talmadge , meanwhile , has kicked the habit .
she devotes her life to getting marshall of drugs .
he goes to a farm and works in the fields as hard physical labor is the only `` cure . ``
one day marsh is looking for marshall and goes to his old studio .
he 's not there but talmadge spies her and follows her .
marsh is suspected of being a `` reformer `` and is tricked into going to a sleazy bar where she is thrown into a cellar and locked in .
talmadge gets hold of marshall and they set off to rescue marsh .
at 67 minutes , this is the most complete version of the film .
indeed , this version is from the 1923 re-release in which the characters ' names have been changed .
there is one missing scene but the story flows nicely .
lots of decomposition in a few places but still quite watchable .
the film was re-released by in part because norma talmadge had become by 1923 a major film star .
it was common to re-release early films of actors who later became big stars .
probably by coincidence , the film was released after the death of wallace reid in january 1923 .
morphine was much in the news .
indeed , dorothy davenport ( now billed as mrs. wallace reid ) produced , directed , wrote , and starred in ( with bessie love ) human wreckage , a film about the evils of drug addiction .
this film was released in june 1923 .
norma talmadge , tully marshall , and marguerite marsh ( sister of mae marsh ) are all excellent in the devil 's needle .
the story is very good and the rescue is exciting .
howard gaye is good as the staid sir gordon .
i do n't know the names of the actors who played the janitor and the drug pusher .
this film is now available on dvd and is well worth looking for .

1
several of roscoe arbuckle 's films have titles which became cruelly ironic in the hindsight of his 1921 trial for manslaughter : notably ` the life of the party ' and this two-reeler , ` he did and he did n't ' .
there 's a famous photograph of arbuckle in evening dress , gaping in horror as he drops mabel normand down a staircase .
that photo is a publicity still from ` he did and he did n't ' , though it does n't actually correspond to any scene in the film as it now exists .
arbuckle rose to film stardom playing boobs , rubes and bumpkins .
by 1916 , he had autonomy over his own films and was able to impose some tastefulness .
here , he plays a dignified and wealthy suburban doctor , in a loving marriage to normand .
but then jack , her handsome beau from high-school days , arrives .
there are no ` fat boy ' jokes here .
instead , arbuckle uses underplayed and sensitive acting to compare himself unfavourably to the leaner and manlier jack .
it 's clear that arbuckle 's character loves his wife deeply but is ( in some unspoken manner ) unable to satisfy her , possibly down to sexual impotence .
when jack arrives to stay the weekend , the three of them sit down to a dinner of lobsters -- allegedly a male aphrodisiac -- prompting mabel to comment that they 'll all likely have nightmares .
spoilers coming .
arbuckle ( in a car with right-hand drive ) is lured to a remote location on a ruse , so that he 'll be away when burglars invade his house .
it 's up to jack to defend the fair mabel .
arbuckle returns home , distraught , and then -- believing that his wife has cuckolded him -- he calmly strangles her .
this scene is immensely disturbing in its own right , and even more disturbing in the light of arbuckle 's real-life tragedy a few years later .
the payoff : remember those lobsters ?
sure enough , it was all a nightmare ... and mabel has remained faithful to her husband .
there 's a good performance by rube miller as arbuckle 's saturnine butler , and al st john 's tumbling skills get a protracted showcase here .
` he did and he did n't ' is an astonishing film : quite removed from the lowbrow slapstick of arbuckle 's early keystone efforts , yet still extremely funny .
watching this movie , i deeply regret that arbuckle 's career was so tragically and unfairly terminated just as he was nearing the heights of his talents .
i 'll rate this fine funny movie 10 out of 10 .

1
this is one of the remarkable short comedies that arbuckle turned out at the end of his contract at keystone while he was in new jersey , far from sennett 's grasp : quite possibly the best .
elaborate , realistic sets , varieties of characterizations -- here he plays an irascible doctor who is jealous of wife mabel 's old boyfriend -- and the darkest lighting in a comedy until bringing up baby combine to produce a comedy far from keystone 's frenetic mold .
add in arbuckle 's casual gags and the result is an excellent comedy that is still highly watchable -- except , of course , when you are trying to make sense of real-life nephew al st. john 's awful mugging and high-speed .
still , the man can take a fall .

1
frank borzage 's early auteur films are fascinating ( he 's the lead actor and director ) .
i 've often felt a tinge of the monstrous in his later work , where he could feel the need to expound on his pretty fanatical views on existence by use of contrast ( particularly in lazybones ) .
borzage believed in characters , in integrity , exuberance , audacity , and charm .
these first films steer clear of the more antithetical characters such as the carpenter from liliom , punch-drunk lonely losers for whom borzage had no pity .
nugget jim 's pardner ( borzage ) , is an character , an who has worn through the last of pater 's patience , eaten through his allowance of allowances .
off he pops , after one last drunken hurrah , to makes his living way out west .
he teams up with a prospector and his daughter and they develop a happy family situation .
whilst funny , the film has more going for it than laughs , it 's essentially existential , and demonstrates that people rather than cash money are real wealth .
the way this sunbeam errant behaves , the way he smiles and laughs good-naturedly whatever the situation is a joy to behold .
i 'd add that borzage can really act , his drunk walk is something else ( or maybe he just got crocked beforehand !
) .
the ending is one of the best endings to a film i 've seen , full of hope , joy , and new , fresh life .
it 's a pretty good idea for this sort of thing to be accompanied by banjo , or some sort of old time music ( piano does n't do it justice ) .

1
the rink , one of chaplin 's most charming early short comedies , starts out with the little tramp working as a waiter , and there is a hilarious short scene where a customer calls him over for his check , and charlie comes over and writes up the bill based on the food that the guy has spilled all over himself .
it seems to me that this was the film that inspired parts of modern times , especially the skating and the kitchen scenes .
there are some wonderful uses of the in and out doors leading to the kitchen , which do not seem repetitive even after i 've seen modern times five or six times .
one of the most charming scenes in the whole movie is a short piece where charlie goes behind the bar to mix someone a drink ( shaken , not stirred ... ) .
it 's one of the famous scenes from chaplin 's early career .
when charlie gets off work , he changes back into his famous outfit and heads out to the bus stop .
while he is sitting on the bench next to a woman , he pulls off some truly vintage chaplin behavior that is so spontaneous and so well acted that it makes me think of chaplin just goofing off in real life .
this is what i imagine he was really like a lot of the time .
with the rink , it is easy to see that longer , and more genuine stories are slowly evolving in his early films .
it is not a deep story by a long shot , and there is still plenty of high-action physical slapstick comedy , but there is much more here than at most of his previous films .
but most of all , the feature skit of the film is the skating scenes in the second half , which are outstanding .
it 's amazing to me how good chaplin was on skates , and some of the skits he pulls off here ( such as the bouncing up and down on the fat woman ) are truly brilliant pieces of slapstick .
i have to say that i wish i knew where exactly the film 's closing shot was filmed , since it 's an outdoor shot and i am always curious to know what parts of los angeles are being shown .
excellent show !

1
this is without a doubt the finest screen version of joan of arc .
the multi-talented geraldine farrar brings this saintly woman to the screen in all her piety .
this is demille 's first epic and he laid the groundwork for his subsequent masterpieces .
this film is not only important for the superb acting but also for the technical aspects such as composition and beautiful photography .
these early years are generally classified as demille 's `` visionary period `` .
this is a wonderfully restored film complete with the hand tinted frames and william furst 's musical score from the original 1916 release .
a very elaborate production for the time brimming with artistry and compelling continuity .
the use of early special effects such as double exposure , the tinted frames to depict certain moods , blues for subdued and bright oranges for fiery rage .
opera diva geraldine farrar proved she was as dynamic an actress as she was a soprano .
she was every inch jeanne d ' arc , beautiful , pious , gentle yet strengthened by her faith and patriotism in the face of battle .
she breathed so much into this role , no one , not even ingrid bergman did it better .
there is also fine support from wallace reid and raymond hatton as charles vii .
that noble actor hobart bosworth gives a fine performance as the faithful general la hire .
an all star cast for 1916 audiences .
an edifying work of art .

1
all the demille trademarks are here - huge crowd scenes , wild orgies , torture - but there is also a beauty and imagination here that is lacking in some of his later work .
the use of double exposures for joan 's visions , the magnificent use of lighting and colour tinting , reveal a film-maker of greater depth than we might expect .
opera diva geraldine farrar seems a little old and hefty for joan of arc , but once you get past that she truly gives an excellent performance .
and wallace reid as her english lover lends strong support .
the camera is a little static and the `` spectacular `` battle scene is really just hundreds of people running around waving sticks in the air and falling backwards off walls ( and i think very little attention was paid to the safety of the extras and the horses ) , but this is still a very rewarding and innovative film .
and we get the original 1916 score performed on a wurlitzer .
the historical story is framed by a world war 1 ( then currently raging in europe ) scene , which adds poignancy to the piece , but does make the central thesis of the story ( that god takes sides in wars ) a little harder to take .
ramon novarro 's in this somewhere - can you find him ?

1
mae marsh stars as polly , a traveling circus performer raised by toby the clown ( harry la pearl ) after her mother nanette ( lilian ward ) takes a dive off the high wire .
polly is injured ( in the same town ) and taken into the home of the handsome minister ( vernon steele ) to recuperate , against the wishes of narrow-minded old deacon ( charles riegel ) and his jealous daughter ( lucille ) .
the townspeople ca n't stand the idea of a circus girl in the minister 's house , where 's she tended by servants ( lucille la verne and richard lee in blackface ) .
but the minister is stalwart and polly gets revenge by winning the big $ 500 dollar horse race on her white horse bingo .
marsh is very charming and nicely photographed at the height of her stardom .
steele is quite good as the minister .
la pearl is interesting ( and only 33 years old ) as the old clown .
also good is wellington as the circus boss .
standout scenes include the big horse race ( at a race track bigger than the muddy little town ) and a funny scene in which the singing church ladies try to drown out the circus jazz band .
as noted , there is a mark twain kind of nostalgia thing about boys running away to join the circus and even in 1917 , a nostalgia about traveling circuses .
lilian ward as nanette ( polly 's mother ) is oddly missing from the credits on imdb and on the dvd packaging .

1
spunky little amarilly of clothes-line alley has two suitors - her longtime bartender beau and a frivolous society boy .
with whom would she be most happy ?
this urban fairy tale , with romance , heartbreak & happiness all wrapped-up into a neat package , was exactly the sort of movie that mary pickford 's legions of fans loved to see her in .
america 's sweetheart was only too happy to oblige , constantly replaying the image of a resourceful little girl or adolescent at odds with a cruel world or snobbish society .
this is no disparagement or faint praise .
by expertly giving the public what it wanted , pickford became the most powerful person in hollywood .
here , she has a fairly straightforward story line , without too many kinks in the plot .
as always , mary is imminently watchable .
whether dancing enthusiastically across a crowded floor , selling cigarettes to the ` swells , ' or reacting frantically to an accidental shooting , she never lets the viewer forget that the reason we watch a pickford film is pickford herself .
william scott gives excellent support as terry the bartender ; the feelings he has for mary are palpably real & true .
norman kerry , full of boisterous high jinks , is fine as the society fellow who wishes to ` better ' her .
special mention should be made of jolly kate price as pickford 's mother , the very picture of an irish washerwoman .
her round , jovial face bespeaks the goodness of her character 's soul .
pickford produced this film herself and she was ably abetted by screenwriter frances marion , her best friend and marshall neilan , her favorite director .
neilan had started his movie career as a romantic lead , but eventually moved behind the camera & pickford considered him to be superior even to the legendary d. w. griffith .
neilan 's major failing were the frequent delays caused by his drinking , however he never failed in charming himself back into pickford 's good graces .
this talented trio 's collaborations continue to delight audiences today .

1
this is a great silent film and i very much liked mary pickford in it .
its basically about a working girl with a widowed mother and her siblings , she works as a cigarette girl at a bar and meets a wealthy guy .
when he gets in a fight she takes care of him .
this upsets her boyfriend , and she begins to fall in love with the wealthy guy .
however things turn sour when he takes her home to his socialite aunt , who wants to `` improve `` her .
this movie is also a satire of wealthy people and makes fun of them .
things go terribly wrong and she must then decided if its the trouble going through all this just for a guy .
this would 've been different had it been in present day america , but this was the 1920 's and i think that the film was smartly written .

1
the adventures of a gold miner 's daughter , mickey stars mabel normand , who was one of the biggest film stars of the teens and 20s .
in a series of episodes that are loosely connected , normand plays a cinderella-like character who goes to live with a relative ( laura la ) but when it 's discovered the gold mine is a bust , she is made a maid in the household .
but she catches the eye of the old lady 's daughter ( minta durfee ) and is eventually sent back to the country just as the mine strikes it big .
the suitor ( wheeler oakman ) follows her .
the plot seems to stray here and there without much narrative thread .
at one point , a lecher ( lewis cody ) is chasing mabel around a mansion , and then we 're off to the horse races .
but while the episodes are tacked together , mabel normand holds the viewer 's attention throughout the 90 minutes .
this film was co-produced by normand and mack sennett .
george nichols , minnie devereaux , tom kennedy , and edgar kennedy co-star .
and yes minta durfee was famous for being the wife of roscoe `` fatty `` arbuckle , a famous co-star with normand in many short films .
and the music by neil moret ( who died in 1943 ) is absolutely great .
i hummed the songs for days and learned to play them on the piano .

1
neat little melodrama that stars gloria swanson as a struggling artist who is framed by her lecherous landlord .
after getting out of jail she joins the salvation army where she again meets the rich do-gooder ( joe king ) she had once met in an art gallery .
he has a passion for helping the poor and invites swanson to help him build a model housing village for tenement dwellers .
they fall in love and marry , but to his mother 's ( lillian langdon ) dismay .
years later the landlord shows up in the guise of another man .
swanson seems to remember him but ca n't place him until she discovers he has invaded her house as a weekend guest to steal some papers from the family safe .
the mother sees swanson run off with the man under cover of night and alerts her son and the police .
they arrive just as swanson and the landlord are battling for the gun ... minor drama runs about 45 minutes , directed by albert parker , was among the last films swanson made for pictures before making the quantum leap to working for cecil b.demille .
this is not a great film but swanson has , by 1918 , learned to dominate every frame of film she appears in .
at age 21 , gloria swanson was a star !

1
i first became aware of windsor mccay when years ago i read those surreal dream comics he did in the first decade of the 20th century `` dreams of a rarebit fiend `` and `` the adventures of little nemo in slumberland `` .
i never saw anything quite like his art work ( for that time - it was the age of `` mutt and jeff `` and `` the katzenjammer kids `` .
they just were amazing to me .
then i learned that he was the first major american cartoonist who tried his hand at motion picture cartoons .
i saw part of his `` prehistoric `` joke , gertie the dinosaur , in some television shows - but only part .
i had heard of his twelve minute long cartoon of the sinking of the lusitania , but had no real knowledge of it .
then , last friday , i finally saw it on the internet .
as a meticulously drawn cartoon of that sad , sea atrocity of may 7 , 1915 it is remarkable .
as has been said on this thread before by others , when the ship is sinking we see little figures jumping off the ship and drowning in the ocean .
hideous in reality , that mccay did it shows great care in trying to seem accurate .
he even shows that one of the smokestacks of the ship had fallen in the attack .
mccay must have studied survivor 's reports .
only one major fact he got wrong - but understandably so .
he insists that there were two torpedoes fired by the u-boat .
walter schweiger 's notebooks survived , and he insisted he only fired once .
today it is believed a second explosion occurred from either a boiler being hit , or coal dust exploding , or ( this has been somewhat discredited ) hidden explosives being taken to europe for the war effort being blown up .
whatever it was , it probably blew out the side of the boat and caused the ship to sink in 18 minutes ( not quite the 15 minutes mccay mentions in the cartoon ) .
it was meant for war propaganda - part of president wilson 's propaganda campaign under newspaperman george creel , which made all germans look anti-human .
today there would be a more balanced approach to the story - a tragedy of three governments ( britain , germany , and the united states ) who managed to bungle matters so that people ( 124 of them americans ) died by drowning or freezing or injuries from the explosions .
the real tragedy is show by photos that are superimposed of some celebrities who were lost .
most are forgotten now , but were major figures in 1915 .
alfred vanderbilt , of the great railroad family , is shown .
so is charles frohman , the theatrical producer of plays by men like clyde fitch and james barrie ( including peter pan - in the recent film about barrie frohman was played by dustin hoffman ) .
also the dramatist charles klein ( who did the libretto for sousa 's best operetta el capitan ) , and the editor and writer elbert hubbard ( who wrote the message to garcia ) .
it is an interesting aspect that these real photos are used , but drawing the figures might have seen somewhat sacrilegious towards these famous dead people .
unless a film about the sinking is done by james cameron as a follow-up to titanic , this is the closest we will ever get to a film on the loss of the `` lucy `` .
that is , unless one thing turns up .
if you read a.a. and mary 's book , the last voyage of the lusitania , they mention that a newspaper cameraman was on the ship who actually took motion pictures of the panic and the destruction as it went under .
he said they 'd be the greatest pictures ever taken .
this idiot was lost in the disaster and his camera was never found .
but was he wrong ?
movies of the sinking of the `` andrea doria `` are still shown and one photo of it going under won a pulitzer prize for the photographer ( who shot from a plane ) .
similarly , in 1928 , the s.s. sank in a storm off the virginia capes with the loss of 130 people .
a photo of the fear crazed passengers trying to stand on the crazy slanted deck of the `` `` was taken , survived , and was published .
it too won the pulitzer prize for best news photography .
maybe , if the idiot and his camera , or just his camera , survived he would be honored today as a pioneer in photographic journalism .
apparently it did n't , but we do have mccay 's excellent , fairly realistic cartoon to look at instead .

1
one of the best , if not the very best , animated film i have ever seen .
it is not a typical animated film .
it is a very impressive film on a very tragic event .
beware , it may not be for small children .
i recommend this film for anyone interested in history or animation .
winsor mccay best effort .
you must see this film .

1
i saw two versions of this winsor mccay animation of this historic incident of the early 20th century : one on youtube ( which linked from ) and one on google ( which now also links youtube ) .
the one from youtube had a big bombastic score that seemed too much and was also a little cheery in spots .
also , the picture filled the whole screen which made some things on screen impossible to see like some of the wording of photos of famous dead people from the sinking ( also obscured by `` `` on screen at all times ) .
on google , however , the picture was framed enough to view all the way to the last margin on screen and had a suitably somber piano accompaniment throughout .
anyway , what great detail mccay gave to the sinking , the lowering of the lifeboats , the moving ocean , and the two explosions along with the final shot of the water spewing for the last time after the ship goes down for good .
since there seems to be no photographic evidence of this historical event elsewhere , this should be enough visual recording of the disaster for anyone interested in early 20th century history .
highly recommended also for serious animation buffs .

1
a frank story of homosexual love and tragedy made 85 years ago , featuring such amazing things as a same-sex dance hall and a drag ball as background to dramatic scenes .
it still packs a wallop , thanks to its purpose as an impassioned plea for justice and a wonderful central performance by the conrad veidt .
kino has just released this reconstructed version of about 50 minutes , based in large part on a print discovered in moscow , with intertitles and a few stills telling the rest .
it 's a an effective drama and a fascinating history lesson .
a good bit is still missing , but the most amazing things turn up , so maybe more of anders als die will as well .
to have this much is wonderful .

1
keaton and arbuckle have come a long way since `` the butcher . ``
it 's wonderful to see how well they work together in this one .
leave it to buster to go * up * the firehouse pole routinely !
there is indeed a lot of `` the blacksmith `` ( 1922 ) in this one ; maybe that , as well as `` cops `` ( 1922 ) , were both keaton 's homage to arbuckle during his legal trials ( which began in late 1921 ) .
also , now i finally understand the bathtub scene with sybil seely in `` one week , `` which came out in september 1920 ( `` the garage `` came out at the beginning of that year ) .
the cheesecake seemed out of place in `` one week , `` but i see now that keaton was duplicating the scene with molly malone here in `` the garage . ``
he did it so well , i had to look both shorts up to make sure different actresses played them .
`` one week `` was the first short that keaton made on his own , and perhaps that explains why `` the garage `` is the last collaboration .
also , i used to think seeley was the most athletic of the keaton female co-stars , but malone is even better here .
the scene with buster running on that spinning disc is also done , in a very different setting , in `` the haunted house , `` a keaton short that came out a little over a year after `` the garage . ``

1
i just saw caligari on a region 4 dvd distributed by force video in australia .
it corresponds to the eureka release in the us , i think .
i thoroughly recommend it .
timothy brock 's score is the best score for a silent movie i 've heard so far !
its such an authentic orchestral accompaniment that you can actually hear the breathing of the string players !
truly wonderful compared to the old organ or set classical or jazz music pieces which run alongside the movie instead of help tell its story .
and what an incredible movie .
one of my favourite silents so far !
an eye-opening experience .
if you have n't seen much silent cinema , you 'll be shocked at how involving a silent can be .
caligari takes you to another place .
the world of caligari has a feel all its own , where houses are wonky , doorways triangular , people ghoulish , and everything like something out of a nightmare .
one of the best pieces of what they call german expressionism .
see it !

1
shall i compare this film to a summer 's day ?
maybe this shakespearian quote is the adequate to express the beauty of this work of art .
a painting , yes , this movie reminds me of a painting : the viewer makes his own idea , his own plot and his own message from the film .
wiene , a practically unknown director , achieves to capture our attention with exotic settings , marvelous characters and a plot that keeps us at the edge of our seat from beginning to end .
lots of critics admire this work because of its aesthetic value , but the content is even more interesting : hidden references to nazi regime or church , plus a surprise ending , gives a little extra spice to the formula for this great and shiny marvel in the world of cinema .

1
some movies are great because they are good no matter how old you are or what background they are from .
caligari is not one of those movies .
to enjoy caligari as much as i did you must have knowledge and appreciation for the beginnings of the horror/slasher films .
if you do then i would definitely recommend getting this movie .
it shows great insight into the world that would generate nosferatu and in turn many of the much loved horror movies of today .
it was probably one of the first movies to touch base on some of the issues that many later movies have talked about .
its sets are also outstanding .
the jagged edges and impressionist styles really help the mood of the movie .
it also has one of the first successful attempts at a twist ending .
all in all , if you have the capacity to watch a silent film for an hour , i would definitely recommend getting and watching this movie .

1
oh what a tangled web the world of the cabinet of dr. caligari is .
it may all be sane in the focus of a madman , or it may just all take place in a crazy world .
we see this story in the context of a guy telling a story to his friend or someone on a bench - following the sight of a ` spirit ' , perhaps , drifting by , a woman in a white dress who is in a complete daze .
the story is that of what we would assume is dr. caligari , who in a town that could easily be called a geometrical nightmare ( all those shapes and curves !
) , goes to a fair with his own exhibit : a somnambulist , a person who has been asleep for quite a long time and is just about to be awoken .
the question he 's asked is right to the point , and the response is too : `` when will i die `` `` tomorrow at dawn . ``
this is not just a cryptic message , we see , as people start to be killed by a mysterious murderer , brought on ( or just directly because of ) the doctor and his .
this is basically the story , and it 's a very good one , even a great one in its dimensions of a mad scientist and his quarry .
and of course when we suddenly get that great big twist ( or is it a twist ?
) at the end , it gives the rest of the film a whole other perspective to read into .
but what you go to see the cabinet of dr. caligari is not for the story , per-say , but for its unique perspective as a work of cinema .
despite the imitations , and despite ( or in spite ) or those who would dare to be inspired by the work ( tim burton springs to mind without a flinch ) , it stands tall as a mammoth work - surprising since it 's only 70 minutes long - by creating its own view of humanity and the world , of the way a civilization and houses and roads and places can or should or would ever look , and giving its own characters a mood of dread and the gothic .
if you ever need to drag someone to show them how to get `` fantastical `` with a set , this is it .
robert wiene , along with being a competent storyteller , is just a superb director of his actors in these sets .
while it would be a little much for me to go on and on about how glorious the staging is within these seemingly roads , and how the walls sometimes seem to be closing in or giving an extra edge that you only get in a nightmare , its important to note how well the actors come off here .
it 's because of them , as much as wiene and his crew ( willy especially ) , that one will remember dr. caligari long after it ends .
one such example is just seeing conrad veidt , as the somnambulist , awaken the first time in front of the audience - it 's so chilling and gradual that it draws one in completely , and looking in cesare 's eyes becomes all the more frightening .
in fact , it 's hard to tell which actor gives off the more horrifying aura : the scientist ( krauss , with a great crazy head of hair and catalog of evil facial expressions ) or veidt 's cool demeanor .
another scene i should mention , which is simply one of the greatest scenes ever filmed and should be seen by anyone with a pulse : it 's when cesare , after seeing jane olsen come into the doctor 's place to try to find her father and the two make bizarre eye contact , drifts into her bedroom at night .
there 's the contrast of dark and light , white and black , for one thing to note , how staggering everything is lit and staged in this setting , and with the walls and windows off-kilter and deranged .
then there 's the body language of veidt as he comes up to the window and into the bedroom towards dagover - it 's seemingly supernatural , out of this world , but still in it , which gives it a whole other dimension .
and then the shock of when she awakens , which gives the scene full-blown suspense and danger .
i would watch this scene over and over , though it 's not the only one that would continually fascinate .
cabinet of dr. caligari does n't carry the same weight of its director 's name as murnau or lang in german cinema ( sadly , wiene made only a handful of other films seen outside of his native country ) , but with one film and its standing in the expressionist movement ( or , i would also add , surrealist to the degree of its importance in dream/nightmare cinema ) it 's just as important , and potent today .
watch it in the dark , and hopefully not alone .

1
ÿ· dr. caligari , and his fortune telling 23-year-old somnambulist caesar , makes an appearance at a fair in , germany .
a town clerk turns up dead , shortly after an encounter with the good doctor that left caligari offended and upset .
i felt as if the city clerk had it coming â· caesar , able to predict the past and future , foretells of the untimely death for a town fair patron in a crowd of paying caligari spectators .
the patron , mr. alan , is found dead the next morning .
caligari is immediately suspect â· dr. caligari and caesar are eventually found out but the townsfolk just ca n't seem to keep the good dr. caligari out of business â· the evil does live on in the picture ; the ending defies a conventional finish â· this film might be difficult for some younger viewers that are used to having mind-numbing hollywood drivel force fed to them .
it 's a film that requires you to work a little bit , as it is a silent film â· i would like to believe that the set design was produced out of sheer ingenuity and creativity opposed to simply being due to a lack of money â· mise en scene : the godfather of horror movies , caligari should be required viewing for any serious film students .
additionally , two viewings would be recommended for a full appreciation of this film 's genius .
for lack of a better word , this film is flat out creepy â· i would compare the musical accompaniment to : tiny daggers being jabbed into my heart and veins .
the set , apparently created entirely in an indoor studio , is haunting and also has a sharp dagger like quality to it â· caligari and caesar are truly frightening at all times .
for that matter , every character in this film behaved in an otherworldly manner â· contrasting shadows , interwoven with light and dark colors add a horror element .
the bizarre set construction and lighting creates an uncomfortable other dimensional aura which is a constant assault on viewer senses â· colored lens tinting is used to convey additional feelings of fear , sadness , and excitement .
iris are used to move between scenes â· caligari is a textbook example of various components that can be used to create individualistic and creative artistic outputs

1
one of the greatest films featuring german expressionism , this film mixes a psychological theme with strange surrealist settings , an idea that has been ever since .
the lack of sound no way interfered with the story and it almost seemed impossible to not look at the set and it 's edgey and warped edges .
a great psychological thriller from the past in a time when this kind of stuff was amazing and awe inspiring .

1
i rented this film and watched it by myself and i loved it .
then i read an analysis about it in a book called `` the haunted screen `` which is about german expressionistic cinema in the 1920 's .
then i started appreciating it even more .
i am not a film analyst so reading an analysis really helped me pick out certain qualities even better .
i especially would like to praise the newly recorded original score by timothy brock , which is available as a sountrack also .
it is a perfect modern string ensemble peace , it adds so much more to the move itself .
if you 've seen the film with the original theater organ soundtrack , or the clubfoot house orchestra , or whatever the name is , i highly insist that you also watch it restored and remastered and with the new score by timothy brock .

1
silence is golden , and this is why .
who needs sound when expressionism will suffice ?
caligari is `` pure cinema . ``
the images are stark , sometimes abstract , the mood everything .
the clichã©d ending can be forgiven , given that this may be its first-ever use in film .
without a doubt , one of the most important films ever made , horror or no .
probably inspired more filmmakers than any other silent movie ever made .
even alfred hitchcock cited caligari as an influence .
and where would tim burton be without caligari ... ?
( it 's been rumored that burton is planning a remake ; he alone of the contemporary crop has the potential to do it justice .
) one of those truly timeless films that never seems to age .

1
superb .
stop and think .
1920 .
german expressionism .
what is real ?
being one of those old nuts who browse this site incessantly and read review after review of the films i 'm interested in , i 've never ceased to be amazed at the levels of reviews and this film is a good case in point .
there are some excellent reviews here and if you 're reading this one , which at this writing is the 41st , by all means read some of the others .
the views shared here have added to my appreciation of this exquisite film which still dances through my imagination .
i fully appreciate the comparison of some of the burton films and can agree that german expressionism has left an indelible mark on these later works .
art need not always be beautiful within the larger accepted sense of the word to please the eye and the mind .
this film , a good representative of that german expressionistic school , is a case in point .

1
in flashback , freaked-out friedrich feher ( as francis ) tells the surrealistic story of when the carnival came to his small german town of .
the fair 's main attraction is weird werner krauss ( as dr. caligari ) , who hawks his `` somnambulist `` ( sleepwalker ) act .
the menacing mr. krauss `` awakens `` creepy conrad veidt ( as cesare ) from a 25-year sleep , for the viewing pleasure of carnival attendees .
otherwise , mr. veidt is kept in a coffin-like cabinet , in krauss ' trailer .
mr. feher attends the carnival show 's `` awakening `` of veidt with pal heinz von twardowski ( as alan ) .
krauss tells the crowd that the mysterious veidt `` knows the past , and sees into the future . ``
so , mr. von twardowski asks , `` how long do i have to live ? ``
veidt tells the him he dies at dawn !
- and , sure enough , a shadowy figure murders the man .
feher thinks the somnambulist is the serial killer threatening the village ( a town clerk was the first victim ) .
but , some think feher knifed his friend , a rival for the affections of dark beauty lil dagover ( as jane ) , but why would feher kill the clerk ?
when a completely new killer is caught red-handed , it seems like everybody wants to get into the act ... `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` is one of the most outstanding film productions of the silent era .
the `` art direction / set direction `` - by hermann warm , walter , and walter reimann - so beautifully photographed and directed , should be counted among the best designed of any era .
the film is inspirational .
********** das cabinet des dr. caligari .
( ) robert wiene ~ werner krauss , friedrich feher , conrad veidt , lil dagover

1
in practically every book , essay or article about the history of cinema , `` das cabinet des dr. caligari `` ( `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` ) is definitely an obligatory stop , as its importance in the history of film-making is unquestionable .
born in the middle of the difficulties of post-wwi germany , `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` was part of an artistic movement known as `` german expressionism `` , where highly symbolic and surrealistic imagery was used to create a highly theatrical and experimental form of film-making .
the challenge of low-budgets and the poverty of the studios ended up creating a visually arresting experience that became the trademark of films like `` der golem `` , `` nosferatu `` , and specially , this now legendary movie .
it all begins as a young man named francis ( friedrich feher ) begins to tell what he claims to be , is the strange experience he has ever lived .
it all starts when he and his best friend alan ( hans heinrich von twardowski ) decide to go to the fair that has recently arrived to town .
in the fair , they go to dr. caligari 's ( werner krauss ) show , where the mysterious doctor shows cesare ( conrad veidt ) , a man that has been asleep for years and has the ability to see the future .
excited , alan asks the somnambulist how long he 'll live , but cesare answers that he wo n't see the next day .
terrified , alan returns home , and soon the prophecy is fulfilled as he ends up as the next victim of the serial killer that has been haunting the town .
as all clues point to cesare , francis decides to do his own investigation , but soon he 'll discover what 's the secret of the cabinet of dr. caligari .
as probably the most representative of the `` german expressionism `` movement , `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` presents us a shockingly different interpretation of the world with its irregularly distorted set design and the highly artistic use of light and shadows , creating for the first a time a movie that defies reality by becoming probably the closest one can be to watching a moving painting .
while the credit for this brilliant display of creativity is almost never given to director robert wiene ( due mostly to his irregular career ) , he makes an truly efficient job directing this movie , as if he was destined to do it .
the brainchild of hans janowitz and carl mayer , the nightmarish tale of dr. caligari is still one of the most inventive and influential story of mystery ever put on film .
while the visuals are often the first thing that one notices in `` caligari `` , the screenplay is as influential ( maybe even more ) as the design , as the way the story is built ( as a flashback ) , the thrilling climax and the even more surprising conclusion of the tale are now often imitated classics plot devices in suspense films .
francis ' story of madness and horror revolves not only around the mystery of caligari 's actions , but also around the suspense of who will be the next victim of the unknown serial killer .
`` the cabinet `` is really one of the best acted silent films ever made , with an effective cast that makes a considerably subtler performance than what was the norm in the highly theatrical days of silent movies .
friedrich feher and lil dagover have the main roles , and really transmit the terror and the madness caused by caligari and cesare .
however , the highlight of the film are of course werner krauss as caligari himself , and the young conrad veidt as cesare .
krauss delivers a terrific performance as the strange doctor , and veidt shows the talent that would make him a star in the u.s. during the world war ii .
overall an unforgettable cast in an unforgettable movie .
as written above , the credit to this very influential film is often denied to robert wiene , whose apparently uneven career made him look `` unlikely `` to make this brilliant movie according to critics ( when we compare his career to legendary directors like lang or murnau it 's easy to make that statement ) , and many have been `` suggested `` to be the genius behind ( from cinematographer willy , to fritz lang ) instead of wiene .
in fact , wiene 's bash has gone as far as it 's often said that wiene added the first and last scenes in order to please the government when in fact that addition was suggested by lang himself .
probably nobody will ever know how exactly robert wiene achieved this marvelous movie , but what is know is that `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` went on to became the most important achievement of the `` german expressionism `` movement and a movie that even now continues inspiring and influencing artists across the world .
it 's safe to say that the haunting nightmare of cesare , will continue giving chills to many future generations , and few films can claim this achievement .
10/10 .
a brilliant masterpiece .

1
the first time i saw this movie i did not think much of it .
well , i 've been wrong before , and was once again proved wrong here .
this movie is amazingly good and stunningly beautiful .
a work of art as well as a movie !
the reason i did not like it the first time has probably more to do with the quality of the image on the vhs tape , than the movie itself .
combined with a musical score that did n't fit the movie at all , it was a rather dismal experience .
later i chose the music myself , and found that old kraftwerk songs fit quite well to the mood of the film .
over the years we 've been blessed with restored presentations of the film , featuring excellent musical scores , and the movie is once again able to shine in its proper context , as it always deserved .
set in a small german town called , a young student , francis , finds his closest friend , alan , killed the night after a visit to an amusement park .
he becomes suspicious of one of the exhibitors at the carnival , because his attraction , a sleepwalker and seer , had told him that he would only live until nightfall .
the night before that the city 's mayor had been killed .
francis takes it upon himself to investigate the murders , hoping to save himself and his fiancã©e , jane , from the same fate .
the film focuses on our hero and his search for caligari , caligari and how he protects himself and his somnambulist , cesare , from the suspicions of the police , and the police 's suspicion of an innocent man .
the story of the film is classic as of today , but in 1920 the movie was quite unique .
the most unique feature of the film being that it was the first ever with a surprise ending .
the film can be seen in at least two ways : as a well layered and effective thriller/horror film , or as an advanced piece of art .
the sceneries in the film are unlike anything i 've ever seen before or after , with tim burton 's artsy sceneries in some of this more gothic movies as the closest you 'll get , style-wise .
the director amazes with his use of shapes and lighting to emphasize the plot and enhance the effectiveness of it .
it 's a risky endeavor , but he perfectly balances the risks of the sets either becoming too unrealistic and unsettling on the one hand , or of being too much style over substance on the other .
but the sets fits the story perfectly , in their own unique way .
it 's unlike anything you 've ever seen anywhere else , but you certainly would n't want it looking any different either .
it is hard to imagine the film looking different than what we 're served here , but they have actually tried making more normal looking remakes of the movie in the 60s .
i do n't really want to check that one out , though , simply because i love this piece of art too much to have it ruined by a different vision .
would you want to see another artist 's take on mona lisa ?
probably not ... this was robert 's masterpiece , and pretty much his sole claim of fame .
all his attempts before and after this film to achieve something similar failed completely .
the actors in the film make good performances .
few of us have probably heard of most of the actors today , but many will probably remember conrad veidt ( cesare ) from casablanca or the thief of bagdad .
this is a german expressionist film , a type of film that emphasize on the gestures of the actors to make its point , rather than sound .
this is done in a very good way in this film .
conrad veidt is particularly good in his part of the somnambulist , with a very artistic and elegant take on the role .
take special notice of the scene where he tries to kill jane ; perfection , worth every penny of the movie alone !
i will not say much more than that about the film , it has to be experienced !
all in all , a truly unique and timeless film , as effective today as it was in 1920 .
a true classic !

1
like so many of the films from the silent era , the cabinet of dr. caligari gets overlooked ( if you can even find it !
) for big budget duds , and runny romantic comedies .
directors of the period like griffith , lang , eisenstien , and caligari 's wiene , are never given the credit they deserve .
and if credit is given , it is in small cultish circles in various pockets around the world .
the set design here is amazing , not a single right angle can be found in any one of the sets .
this may not only apply to the disjointed and distorted characters in the film , but also the state of germany at the time .
after all , the film was made in the dark ages in germany between wwi and wwii .
this point is validated by siegfried , with his notion of how the main character of dr. caligari can be easily interpreted to hitler , and vice versa .
both controlled subjects with a form of `` brainwashing `` , both were upset with current forms of society and government , and both were masters of deception .
in a period where germans were looking for direction , and let 's face it , authority as well , dr. caligari embodied it fully .
in the area of the players , all the names in the film turn out a literally `` speechless `` performance .
dagover , , and especially veidt as cesare ( pronounced ) are excellent in the use of gestures and motion to get their point across without using words .
the camera , stationary as in most early features , uses the mise-en-scene effectively , letting us identify with characters such as francis and jane , and disjointing us from caligari , and the criminal .
the use of lines and stripes , not only in the sets but in small places like in the good doctor 's hair and on his gloves , adds to the telling of the character .
colour tints of the b & w film also play a special part in bringing the whole film together .
an amazing sequence where caligari reveals his true madness , pits caligari stumbling through the unequal streets of germany while being haunted by textual ramblings written in the air .
a marvelous achievement for it 's time .
and it adds so much .
the cabinet of dr. caligari has changed the way i look at horror films , and even films in general .
i urge anyone reading this to pick up this film .
the dvd offering is utterly fantastic with the restored print , an audio essay of the film , and production notes .
bypass the overblown `` motion picture events of the year `` , and pick up caligari , quite possible the greatest motion picture event in the history of motion pictures .

1
the psychotic dreamscapes of this movie are so intense it has lost none of it 's original power over the years .
the scenery alone makes this film a unique experience well beyond what modern film has produced .
i often say , and i will say it again : german films from this period are the best - ever !
and this one is the best of them all !

1
i 've wanted to see this film for a long time because i 'd heard that it 's the first horror movie ever made and a great film altogether .
whether it 's the first horror movie of all time is debatable but it is one of the best ones ever .
i loved every second of it and i think you will too if you give it the chance .
the visuals are absolutely amazing and i was even more amazed when i discovered that they were made out of nothing but paper .
the story is terrifying and it 'll grab you until the end .
the end will also leave you breathless .
the acting and direction are great as well .
as my title says , the first is usually the best !
if you 're a fan of classic and silent horror , do yourself a favor and see this one immediately .

1
the cabinet of may be the first true horror film and it certainly influenced the film noir genre which was so vibrant in the 1940 's when a number of german film-makers like fritz lang ( who was originally slated to direct caligari ) ran away to the us and brought their visual techniques with them .
i can imagine how frightening caligari would 've have been 87 years ago and no one would have considered the acting over the top .
caligari is not frightening for modern-day audiences and the acting especially by is quite unrealistic .
what makes the film magnificent and unique are the wonderful set designs .
the german film industry was quite poor and in order to make low cost films that looked visually good , they made sets out of paper .
in caligari , the visuals are quite eerie - stairs that twist and turn , crooked doors and windows etc . .
but they have a strange kind of artistic beauty to them .
the opening and ending are more `` realistic `` and there is a reason why which you will understand when you see the whole film .
the whole set idea was given to wiene by fritz lang .
i believe kubrick was paying homage to expressionism in some scenes of a clockwork orange with the unique visuals of the sets .

1
many people consider `` the cabinet of dr. caligari `` the first horror movie ever made , and i do n't feel tempted to debate that .
it all begins when alan and jane go to a carnival .
they go to dr. caligari 's ( werner krauss ) booth .
he has a somnambulist named cesare ( conrad veidt ) , who can predict the future .
his prediction that alan will die proves accurate when the latter is found murdered .
who is the perpetrator is not the important point .
the movie , incredible beyond anything imaginable , relies heavily on surrealism and the depths of the mind .
it is one of the many great movies produced in germany during that country 's weimar era .
you will walk away from this movie questioning everything that you 've ever known and ever been taught .

1
as someone who appreciates silent film and films in the expressionist style ( think fw murnau ) , i simply love the cabinet of dr caligari .
true , to some people the acting may seem exaggerated and some of the movements stilted .
however i felt these added well to the paranoid and sometimes weird ( in a wonderfully strange way ) atmosphere and also to the titular character psychopathic state of mind .
werner krauss is the epitome of creepiness as caligari and conrad veidt also makes a memorable impression .
the story is interesting , and robert wiene directs beautifully .
but it is the way it was made that makes the cabinet of dr caligari so unique and a milestone of its genre .
the scenery is appropriately sumptuous and their added further to the atmosphere , while the camera work , sometimes deliberately odd , is the best aspect .
in conclusion , a great film and a milestone .
10/10 bethany cox

1
how can a film from 1919 still be as exciting , surprising , and incredibly inventive even as we approach a new millennium ?
dr. caligari is fun and full of surprises .
it still is amazing to see a film that forgets to pan or move the camera in anyway .
yet that is small criticism to a film that holds up wonderfully and is truly the first great horror film and has a surprising twist at the end .

1
my sister was begging me to watch this movie with her , i thought that it sounded interesting , so i decided to go ahead and watch it .
now speaking as a person who has seen a lot of silent movies , this is a masterpiece of the silent film era !
i was not expecting this movie to be as phenomenal as it turned out to be , i mean that this movie really is a fabulous movie !
in fact , this movie is now one of the greatest silent films that i have ever seen , and because of that , it is also one of the greatest movies that i have ever seen in my life !
if any silent movie deserves to be seen again , it is the cabinet of dr. caligari , because in my opinion , this movie is a masterpiece that is as good as it gets !
this is not only one of the greatest movies that i have ever seen in my life , but it is also one of my all time favorite movies , as well as one of my all time favorite silent movies !
this movie also is another movie that requires viewing , because it is important of you to see as part of you movie education , especially about silent movies !
when people talk about movies being among the greatest movies of all time , they should mention the cabinet of dr. caligari , because in my opinion , this truly is one of the greatest movies ever made !
i 'll admit that the props and backgrounds are pretty cheesy , but apart from that , this movie is an extremely spectacular marvelous marvel of a movie that should be seen by all people !
the cabinet of dr. caligari is incredibly sensational , it is not like your typical silent movie , it is something that you totally are not going to expect to see at all !
this movie is totally perfect , it is one of the greatest silent movies ever made , and therefore one of the greatest movies ever made !
i am telling you that if you have n't seen this movie yet , you should see it , because you are going to be wowed !
that 's no joke , this movie really is something very extraordinary !
for as long as this movie exists , it is one of the greatest movies ever made !
it took me a while to decide , but in the end i decided that this would be one of the greatest movies that i have ever seen in my entire life !
10/10

1
the cabinet of dr. caligari is a classic german expressionist film , that looks like it was born from the dreams ( or would it be nightmares ) of tim burton .
with unique characters and a set design that was like no other at the time , director robert wiene brings us not only a great story , but a visually stunning masterpiece from the silent era .
although the film is shot in black & white , the prints were color tinted ( which was a common practice during that time ) to better show mood and to differentiate between day and night .
if you see a restored version of the film , you will see scenes in yellow , , and even violet .
the film begins with two gentleman talking about the hardships in their lives , the older man says that he is chased by phantoms and the younger man , francis ( friedrich feher ) , begins to tell his story of when dr. caligari ( who is played wonderfully by werner krauss as a creepy , old , and dirty carnival barker complete with top hat and mickey mouse gloves ) came to town and brought cesare ( conrad veidt ) , a somnambulist ( sleepwalker ) , to display at the local carnival .
dr. caligari tells the townspeople that cesare will awaken for only a moment to answer any question they ask .
francis 's friend , alan ( hans heinrich von twardowski ) , asks cesare how long he will live .
cesar replies that alan will be dead by dawn , and that is exactly what happens .
after dr. caligari and cesare arrive in town , a string of murders takes place .
eventually the townspeople suspect cesare of the murders .
by this time cesare has been ordered by dr. caligari to kill francis 's girlfriend , jane ( lil dagover ) , however , upon seeing her , cesare falls in love and intends to take her away with him .
as we learn more about dr. caligari , we find that he is more than just a carnival barker , but the film does not stop there .
at the end there is an even bigger twist that adds a great element to the film .
what stands out even more than the characters and the story in the cabinet of dr. caligari , is the production design .
the only way to describe the set design is by comparing it to the films of tim burton .
the windows and doorways are angled and many edges that would normally be smooth , are pointed .
there are similar images in the children 's cartoon the point ( 1971 ) , which also has a stunning visual style .

1
this is yet another expressionistic masterpiece from the golden age of german cinema , when movie-making was still considered to be truly art in its purest form .
`` das kabinett des doktor caligari `` is an quite odd looking but because of that also unique movie .
it 's expressionism at its very best .
the sets are absolutely fascinating looking to say the least .
the sets are shaped weirdly and because of that the movie gets perhaps a bit of a nightmarish feeling .
for the fans of expressionistic cinema this is simply most definitely a must see .
another thing i absolutely love about this movie is the story .
it 's quite difficult to follow and understand at times and lots of it is left up to the viewers their own interpretation of the story and the ending in particular .
the movie has a wonderful horror moody atmosphere that inspired many later movies from the ' 20 's and ' 30 's and maybe also even ' 40 's of the last century .
before this movie many other short horror movies were made but this movie is widely considered to be the first feature length horror movie .
the actors in the movie are quite charismatic .
werner krauss as dr. caligari is really creepy at times , this is helped by his convincing looking make-up .
he was only 35 during the making of this movie but the make-up makes him look like an 65 year old .
another charismatic character is played by conrad veidt who plays the somnambulist , cesare .
veidt would also later play major strasser in the classic movie `` casablanca `` from 1942 .
it 's an odd and unusual looking movie but the sets and story successfully make this an unforgettable and highly influential , early horror movie , from the german expressionistic period of cinema .
10/10 http : //bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

1
i am 23 years old and am rapidly becoming extremely bored with modern hollywood .
i am not a film student , i only came across this because i was going through the top 250 on here and was amazed at the year of this one , so i picked up the dvd .
i would love a time machine to see something like this being made .
it transcends time , and one could argue it has been `` borrowed `` from throughout this past century .
well worth a few slow moments , the plot style is years ahead of its time .
its quite graphic in some areas too , this also came as a huge surprise to me .
i ca n't even explain the feeling you get watching this , its like the deep dark secret of alfred hitchcock , john carpenter and tim burton all rolled into one .
as directors they 've all made history in their own right , but this movie just reminds me of them in some way , its tough to explain .
my version featured colorization of certain scenes , but it was done with a semi transparent color tint frame i am not sure the original featured this ... reguardless , if you have some patience and are in the mood for something a little different , try this .
you will not soon forget it .
10/10 without question .

1
world war one sent a shockwave through the arts and one of the results was expressionism .
the term is difficult to define ; in a general sense , however , it refers to a type of art that makes a statement about internal emotion and psychology .
often linked to surrealism and cubism , in the 1920s expressionism became one of the dominate styles in visual and performing arts and was particularly associated with germany .
the 1919 the cabinet of dr. caligari is perhaps the only film made in a purely expressionist style .
as directed by robert wiene and designed by herman warm , walter reimann , and walter , everything about the film is exaggerated , off-center , and disorienting .
the sets are strange , deliberately artificial constructions of flat surfaces in odd angles and broad strokes of paint ; the make-up and costumes are equally exaggerated .
the result is a unique look that has the paranoid essence of nightmare , and the story links with the visuals to remarkable effect .
a carnival has come to a small german town , and among its attractions is dr. caligari ( werner krauss ) and `` `` cesare ( conrad veidt ) .
when awakened from his sleep , makes predictions of the future -- predictions of death !
and through his power over the sleepwalker , caligari ensures that the predictions come true .
it is frequently described as the first true horror film .
but while the story was shocking by 1919 standards , it was really the visual style of the film that outraged critics and the public alike ; many described it as `` degenerate , `` and it proved extremely controversial where ever shown .
it also proved incredibly influential -- so much so that it is virtually impossible for any one serious about film as art to avoid it .
but there are quite a few releases that you should avoid : the film is in public domain , and the result has been a series of dvd and vhs `` budget `` releases that are dire to the nth degree .
it is a matter of getting what you pay for , and while the kino release is the most expensive print available , it is also the only one worth having .
the picture quality is as good as it can be short of digital restoration and the film has been restored to its original tints as well .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

1
this is the way movies should have always been done , right from the start until now .
i first saw this film 1 year ago .
i bought it on dvd based on recommendations of a respected a/v magazine , since they said it represented `` the best transfer to dvd from a b/w movie we have ever seen `` .
so i expected to calibrate my tv set with it , and to stash it with the other dvds i never watch .
but from the beginning , i was hooked .
why was everything so normal , then imagery became so ... astounding ?
the first minutes of the film were crucial , since i really began to see that these movie was trying so hard to convey a meaning far beyond that of being an expressionist film .
so i followed , and followed .
and marveled at the weird angles , incredible set design , and at the story that was unfurling on screen .
a feeling of nervousness began by the second half of the movie , since ( i think ) the sets had worked their magic on my imagination , and i was sucked deep into the movie .
and when i thought the movie was over ... there was an ending any modern movie would love to achieve .
terrific !
watching the running commentary only made things even better , since every detail and nuisance was explained , tracing with germany of the 1920 's , and exploring the motivation and inner workings of every character .
what a movie !
highly recommended for late night viewing .
not a movie for watching with friends , though .
this movie is like the finest of the fine wines : sip it alone , at your own pace , and you will find it well worth the price of admission .

1
` the doll ' , directed by ernst lubitsch , is a charming fantasy , a splendidly original film inspired by one of the tales of hoffmann ... and a movie which also captures the mood of english holiday pantomimes and hans christian andersen .
as a bonus , this film features an extremely kinky performance ( very funny and sexy at the same go ) by the delightful actress ossi .
in the opening shot we see the great lubitsch himself , setting up a doll 's house against a stylised backdrop .
a close-up of this model then dissolves into a full-sized version of the same stylised setting , from which emerge actors dressed as dolls .
from this point onward , the entire film is staged on highly stylised sets ... much like ` the cabinet of dr caligari ' , except that these sets are bright and airy .
old baron has no family except for his gormless nephew lancelot .
to continue the line , the baron offers his nephew a dowry of 300,000 francs to get married .
but lancelot is afraid of women .
the local prior shows him an advertisement from the dollmaker hilarius , who offers a special service ` for bachelors , widowers and misogynists ' : a life-size clockwork girl !
lancelot decides to marry the mechanical bride , collect the dowry , then stash the doll in the attic .
hilarius , for some reason , has made his clockwork doll an exact duplicate of his pretty daughter ossi ( anticipating a similar plot device in the 1949 film ` the perfect woman ' ) .
the clockwork girl has a control panel on her back ( like julie newmar in ` my living doll ' ) and a crank to wind her up .
the real ossi decides to do some winding up herself : playing a joke on lancelot , she attaches the control panel and the to her own back and pretends to be the doll .
of course there are problems when the ` doll ' sneezes or coughs , and eventually ossi gets hungry and thirsty because nobody offers the doll any refreshments .
( how does she handle toilet breaks ?
) in a frilly outfit with a short skirt , ossi is very pretty as both the mechanical girl and the real one .
there is some surprisingly good double-exposure in a couple of camera set-ups when the real ossi and the mechanical one are onscreen simultaneously .
brilliant camerawork throughout by the great theodor sparkuhl .
remarkably , lancelot goes from the wedding banquet to the bridal chamber without ever that his clockwork bride is the genuine article .
( we do n't see the wedding itself ; perhaps lubitsch feared that audiences would be offended by the idea of a man exchanging wedding vows with an inhuman object ... and in fact , an insert shot of a wedding certificate establishes that the wedding was a civil ceremony , not a religious one .
) the great charm of this film is its mood of fairy-tale unreality .
the coachman 's horses are played by men in costumes .
a cat and a rooster are played by cut-out figures .
the moon has a human face , looking rather too much like oscar levant !
i enjoyed a bizarre scene in which an entire roomful of mechanical girls dance for lancelot .
there 's also a remarkable early example of pixilation ( stop-action animation using actors rather than mannequins ) in a gag sequence in which hilarius 's hair stands on end , then turns white .
the sequences of ossi ( the real one ) dancing stiffly while pretending to be a clockwork girl remind me of the sequence in ` metropolis ' when the female robot takes her first awkward steps .
( could this film have influenced ` metropolis ' ?
) a comedy sequence in this film prefigures a similar sequence in buster keaton 's ` seven chances ' , when forty women bent on matrimony pursue lancelot through the streets .
` the doll ' is an absolute delight from beginning to end , a film that the entire family will enjoy .
i regret only that the german intertitles were set in a typeface which made them very difficult to read .
i 'll rate this delightful movie 10 out of 10 .

1
people speak of the lubitsch touch first showing up in the oyster princess , but that movie always struck me me as a a good romantic comedy , dimmed by changes in fashion , creaking a bit in age .
but this movie is the real thing : a silly story told with much flair and constant surprises .
it begins with lubitsch showing you a model of the set , like penn and teller showing you how they do the trick , followed by a show that dazzles you : pantomime horses , venal monks and a little bit of e.t.a . hoffman all fall under the thrall of lubitsch and all of them , and the audience too , end up with smiles on their faces .
this movie is too good to more than hint at its wonders .
if you have never seen a silent feature , see this one .

1
decided to view this film because i wanted to see what other countries in europe were watching in their movie houses in 1921 .
the director , carl theodor dreyer had a great talent and produced many interesting films through out his lifetime .
this film showed how the devil down through the centuries was able to destroy peoples souls , including judas in betraying jesus to the roman soldiers .
there was a bargain that god had with the devil according to this story , where the devil would continue to remain on earth to fight for human souls and their destruction .
all the actors performed with excellent skill for the year 1921 and the fact that it was a silent film .
it was very interesting to see the outdoor scenery in various countries and also observe the old furniture and customs .
in one scene in finland , the family who had young infants , seemed to keep them in a closet with a cloth curtain as a door and hung in a cradle held by straps !
if you get a chance to view this film , it is really worth the time .

1
this film 's german title would translate as `` journey in the night `` , but that `` night `` is metaphoric : it refers to blindness , rather than anything nocturnal .
the film 's most notable merits are its photography ( by max lutze ) , the direction by f.w . murnau ( a bit lighter than usual from this director ) and a remarkable performance by conrad veidt ... an actor who never fails to impress me , yet who surpasses his own high standards in this drama .
spoilers throughout .
the first reel of this film plays almost like a comedy .
doctor eigil is engaged to lily , until a fateful evening when he attends the music-hall performance of helene , a vamp who sets her cap for the wealthy and respected physician .
helene performs an erotic dance in a bizarre costume resembling a giant rosebud that conceals the entire upper half of her body .
as she dances , the petals fall away to reveal the dancer within .
helene fakes an injury on stage , knowing that the doctor in the audience will come to her aid .
helene seduces the doctor while he examines her feet .
( sounds good to me .
) before long , poor lily is left neglected .
the doctor marries helene and whisks her off to the countryside , where he opens a surgery for the local peasants .
so far , the film still has the feel of a comedy .
there 's a weird sequence in which helene disguises herself as a peasant woman , then shows up at her husband 's surgery ... pretending to need treatment for an injured foot , and waiting to see how long it takes for him to recognise her .
even though murnau establishes that this `` peasant `` woman is really the doctor 's wife in disguise , he does n't seem to trust us to follow the action .
while the doctor is examining helene 's foot , murnau cuts to a big close-up of actress erna morena smirking out from within her disguise , to remind us who this woman really is .
but now , in a starkly beautiful sequence , we see a dinghy rowing toward the shore , with a tall gaunt figure standing upright between the .
even in extreme long shot , the silhouette of conrad veidt is unmistakable , and even from this great distance he radiates tremendous presence .
still , it makes no sense for him to stand up in the boat ... and even less sense when we learn that veidt is playing a blind man .
i assumed that murnau told veidt to stand up in this shot , so as to give more emphasis to the arrival of his character ... but later in the film , we see the much less dramatic form of olaf ( as dr. ) standing up in the same boat .
veidt plays a painter ( apparently of landscapes ; we never see his work ) who has gone blind , and who has come to the famous doctor for treatment .
performs some unspecified surgery .
veidt recovers his eyesight , with tragic results ... and then goes blind again .
i knew that veidt was a great actor , yet his performance in this film is a revelation .
he stalks through his early scenes without a cane or a guide , yet is entirely believable as a sightless man .
the scene in which his sight is restored is a tour de force .
later , the scene in which his blindness returns is another tour de force .
conrad veidt had the most expressive hands in the history of film acting , and he uses them exquisitely here : probing , gesticulating .
although most of `` journey into the night `` is brilliant , there is one unnecessarily ludicrous touch at the end of the film .
the very last shot is a close-up of a handwritten letter , authored by the blind artist after his blindness has returned !
how did he manage to write it ?
murnau should have inserted a brief shot of veidt 's blind artist dictating this letter to another person , and then shown us this amanuensis writing down veidt 's words .
despite a few minor flaws , i 'll rate `` journey in the night `` a full 10 out of 10 .
it 's a splendid example of murnau 's skills , and one of conrad veidt 's most electrifying performances .

1
get out and get under is harold lloyd 's first film after an exploding accident that caused him to lose a two fingers and a thumb in one of his hands requiring him to wear a prosthetic glove in movies for the rest of his career .
this is a very funny short in which harold is hurrying to get to the theatre for his performance .
lots of hilarious scenes concerning ways to fix his car , his dealings with a kid ( ernie `` sunshine sammy `` morrison of the original our gang ) who keeps hanging around while he 's working , a dog , some engineers of a train ferry the car accidentally goes on , a parade , a banana peel ( no surprise there ) , a steep hill , a water tower , a fire hydrant , a `` road closed `` sign , and some motorcycle cops .
his leading lady is played by his eventual wife , mildred davis .
produced and directed by comedy mastermind hal roach .
the music i heard in this version was provided by vince giordano and his nighthawks orchestra .
highly essential viewing for silent movie comedy fans especially those of harold lloyd .

1
a hal roach harold lloyd .
a young man races across town in his beloved new model t - occasionally having to get out and get under to repair it - to keep an appointment with his girlfriend .
harold lloyd is simply hilarious as the single-minded fellow who will go to any length to protect his ford car , even giving it a shot of heroin at one point to keep its motor running .
of course , every indignity & frustration is heaped upon him as he makes his determined way towards his destination , making for some wonderful sight gags .
as always , his athletic prowess is remarkable , especially considering this film was produced after the accident which cost him half of his right hand .
mildred davis , who would later marry harold , plays his girlfriend .
sunshine sammy morrison , one of the earliest our gang members , is very funny as the kid with the banana .
vince giordano and his nighthawk orchestra have supplied an excellent antique film score which perfectly complements harold 's antics on the screen .

1
`` the love flower `` kept me on the edge of my seat with suspense .
what a great film !
miss dempster was very enigmatic and strangely intoxicating as the young daughter who is willing to kill the police detective who is after her father for murder .
they hide out on a south sea island for years , but the detective pursues them to the end .
richard barthelmess was a delight to watch as the young sailor who is tricked into bringing the detective to the island .
richard 's face was literally gorgeous .
no wonder griffith preferred him over other male actors in his stock company .
griffith 's personal attraction to miss dempster was also apparent , especially in the beach and water scenes with her scantily dressed outfits revealing ... well , i 'll leave you guessing there .
if you are a fan of d.w. griffith 's work do n't miss this film !
it is his most contemporary and one of his most fascinating movie projects .

1
a hal roach harold lloyd comedy short .
a young fellow desperately tries to win back the affections of his ex-girlfriend during a madcap day at a seaside pleasure pier .
silent screen genius harold lloyd has a wonderful showcase for his comedic talents in this extremely funny little film .
among the difficulties confronting harold are a couple of contrary canines , several suspicious cops , a grossly incompetent telephone operator and a rapacious goat .
the sequences involving the crazy mirrors , the phone booths and the small black boy are absolute gems .
mildred davis -- his future real-life wife -- is the object of harold 's affections .
stout roy brooks plays the determined rival .
robert israel has composed an excellent film score which perfectly complements harold 's antics on the screen .

1
one of my top picks for westerns is the william s. hart 1920 production , `` sand `` .
( there is no exclamation mark after the title .
the entry in the library of congress is wrong .
`` sand `` is the name of hart 's horse , who has an important role to play in the plot ) .
using a story by russell a. boggs as a kick-off , director lambert hillyer has fashioned a very interesting script with a well-developed plot and realistically full-blooded characters , set against rugged backgrounds with lots of fascinating details .
for instance , i love the bit where hero hart deliberately allows a really nasty bushwhacker to escape .
and of course all the railroad lore had me locked in a seventh heaven .
the acting is great .
bill hart , mary thurman , g. raymond nye ( and to a lesser extent , the lovely patricia palmer who made nearly 150 movies between 1913 and 1929 ) turn in engrossingly realistic performances .
production values are first class , with a special nod for joe august 's fine camera-work .

1
this is one of the greatest dramas of the silent era , and the finest testament to the talents of d.w. griffith .
lillian gish offers one of the greatest performances in the history of film , not only for the famous scene where she is rescued while unconscious on the ice floes , but in countless other moments as well ( most memorably when she desperately tries to blow life into her dying infant ) .
while the film certainly has plot devices that seem hackneyed and unsophisticated to 21st century viewers , it is a drama of undeniable power and emotional resonance .
those who are only familiar with griffith through the comparatively crude and racist `` birth of a nation `` or the episodic and confusing `` intolerance `` will be surprised to find that he could tell a story in an economical and unpretentious fashion .

1
in the 1960 's time called `` way down east `` the greatest film ever made and had no less than charles laughton & lillian gish to back it up .
the scene of richard barthelmess chasing after miss gish on the ice flow is still wonderful and one of cinema 's classics .
a film that is well worth seeing .

1
way down east ( 1920 ) directed by d.w griffith starring lillian gish , richard barthelmess this big modest spectacle is one of griffith 's best !
this tale full of melodrama is about gish ( beautiful as ever !
) being lost in a world full of lies and greed and suddenly she founds barthelmess , but not all is perfect when sherman arrives the place .
creative , entertaining , funny and sweet - maybe a bit too religious , but that does n't care if you see that magnificent scene of gish and barthelmess in the ice in the waterfall .
one of the greatest .
a must see !

1
way down east was an old-fashioned melodrama even in 1920 when d.w. griffith decided to film it .
it 's the kind of story that leaves itself open for spoofing , but griffith approaches the story of a `` mock marriage `` and its aftermath with earnestness and a great eye for detail .
aiding griffith in bringing this story to life are three great stars : lillian gish as anna , richard barthelmess as david , and lowell sherman as caddish lennox .
the supporting cast includes new england `` types `` that almost parody dickens .
kate bruce is the staunch mother , creighton hale the ditzy professor , vivia ogden the town gossip , burr mcintosh the intolerant squire , emily fitzroy runs the hotel , etc . .
the story of love , betrayal , tolerance , and redemption is slow moving and has ( as usual in a griffith film ) subplots , but like the very river , all the actions and events slowly come together for the finale that left 1920 audiences in a frenzy .
indeed the ending is among the most famous in all silent films .
gish is quite beautiful here .
in her opening scene she is in her parlor with her mother making a broom , holding up the straw so that we see only her white cap and large expressive eyes .
she 's stunning .
as anna she goes through the gamut of shy maiden , young lover , wronged woman , timid servant , and town jezebel .
barthelmess is solid as the young and innocent david who falls in love with the servant girl .
their final scenes in the blizzard ( filmed on long island in a real storm ) on the icy river ( filmed in white river junction , vt ) are totally amazing .
and they did not use stunt doubles .
as gish lies exhausted on the piece of ice she may or may not know that it 's heading for the falls .
there are scenes were her hand and hair trail in the icy river .
just amazing .
barthelmess uses the breaking ice as a trail so that he can reach gish before it 's too late .
there are several shots where he falls off the ice or the ice breaks under him and he plunges into that wintry river .
the entire sequence is as thrilling today as it was in 1920 .
gish once wrote that her long hair froze solid from being in the river water and snapped off with the ice .
way down east is a great film .

1
today 's films dissect with the latest and experimental science every aspect of human relationships .
technology run wild turns the screen into an advertisement for a future we ought to be wary about .
how refreshing it is to stop the clock and enjoy d.w. griffith 's `` way down east . ``
a friend who loves silent film lent me her tape last night and i 've seen it twice , putting aside for four hours everything from nonsense at work to the grim reality of war in iraq .
d. w. griffith 's name comes to the fore most frequently , and not necessarily in a complimentary light , with often polarized discussions of america 's history as depicted in movies , especially with regard to race .
`` way down east `` does n't touch on historical themes but he does candidly and openly explore moral issues that in his time were either evaded or resolved with harsh condemnation of those who strayed from the path of religious righteousness .
the wonderful lillian gish is anna moore , who loses her mother and seeks , being bereft of money , shelter from rich relatives .
a very familiar story ( most recently brought to the screen in the latest adaptation of dickens 's `` nicholas nickleby `` ) .
taken in , albeit grudgingly , by a rich aunt and treated with lighthearted contempt by two sisters , she meets lennox sanderson , played by lowell sherman .
sanderson is a cad , a seducer of innocent virgins .
rather than the sneering evildoer so familiar to devotees of silent films , sherman invests his role with a mixture of cruel cunning and stupid incomprehension of the harm he causes to anna .
he stages a mock wedding to get her into bed and subsequently abandons the pregnant anna .
the depth of his acting starkly brings the shallowness of his character to life .
after losing her baby , anna is taken in as a house servant by a sanctimonious farmer who blindly adheres to the literal letter of biblical law .
of course his wife is a near saint .
what next ?
a love interest for anna which she spurns , believing herself unworthy of a good man 's attention .
richard barthelmess , who brings a manly but compassionate character to life , chases anna demurely and respectfully from parlor room to - ice flow adrift in a raging torrent of water approaching ( music increases in tempo ) a waterfall .
anna 's peril on the ice is one of the most famous silent film scenes and almost eighty-five years later it still works .
largely that 's because no one - no one - could film a scene like that as did d.w. griffith .
incidentally , in a barnyard dance scene is a very young norma shearer .
a remarkable film that holds a viewer 's rapt attention ( mine , at least ) and which proves both the sometimes superfluity of words to tell a story and the lasting legacy d.w. griffith gave us .
10/10 .

1
a young woman , after being lured into a false marriage , finds the chance for happiness on a friendly farm way down east .
david wark griffith , the father of american cinema , had his last great financial blockbuster with this highly sentimentalized silent melodrama .
always anxious to promote decency & morality with his epic films , griffith here exposes & castigates male brutality against the weaker female , making this a stark portrayal of good versus evil as he follows the fortunes and misfortunes of his long-suffering heroine .
bird-like & fragile , lillian gish takes the brunt of the plot upon her young shoulders .
to say that she performs magnificently is only to state the expected .
the wealth of emotions stealing across her lovely face give expression to her every thought , as her character struggles to maintain her equilibrium against the onslaughts hurled against her .
richard barthelmess portrays the quietly heroic farm lad who becomes paladin for miss gish during her tribulations while abiding in his home .
his stalwart decency is in strong contrast to the villainy of lowell sherman , the rich rouã© whose misdeeds nearly destroy lillian .
griffith 's broad canvas allows for detailed portraits by a fine supporting cast : a squire ( burr mcintosh ) , his saintly wife ( kate bruce ) , a professor ( creighton hale ) , a dour landlady ( emily fitzroy ) , a lazy , good-natured constable ( george neville ) , a jolly , oafish farmhand ( edgar nelson ) , and a gossiping spinster ( vivia ogden ) .
the film climaxes with one of the most famous sequences in all of silent cinema : barthelmess ' rescue of miss gish as she lies unconscious on an ice floe , speeding towards a tremendous waterfall .
filmed on long island in the dead of winter , the performers were in real peril .
these scenes still pack a punch and are worthy testimony to griffith 's genius .
special mention should be made of the cinematography of g. w. bitzer , griffith 's invaluable cameraman .
his beautiful photography softly illumines both the tender scenes and the bucolic vistas , giving them the quality of aged snapshots in a cherished family album .

1
lillian gish ( as anna moore ) lives with her poor mother in greenville , a remote new england village .
a sore need for money demands ms. gish leave for boston , to appeal to some wealthy relatives , the .
richard barthelmess ( as david bartlett ) lives elsewhere ; `` though of plain stock , he has been tutored by poets and visions wide as the world . ``
in the city , gish meets lowell sherman ( as lennox sanderson ) .
mr. sherman 's hobby is `` ladies , ladies , ladies ! ``
; specifically , he is interested in the sexual conquest of virginal young women .
gish 's delicate beauty is `` a whip to sherman 's jaded appetite `` ; and , she innocently enters his clutches .
sherman tricks gish into a mock marriage , and leaves her pregnant ... deceptively subtitled `` a simple story of plain people `` ; possibly , director d.w. griffith was seeking to enhance his film 's dramatic twists and turns ; since , while gish 's `` anna `` could be considered of `` plain `` stock , what happens her could not be called `` simple `` .
this film reunites lillian gish and richard barthelmess , after the successful `` broken blossoms `` ( 1919 ) ; their `` way down east `` performances are also stunning , though barthelmess has less to do this time around .
the spectacular ending is still riveting after all these years ; but , it works best after you 've seen the preceding story of degradation and love .
the flaw in `` way down east `` may be griffith 's overindulgence in ludicrous `` slapstick `` - type humor ; this is most explicit in edgar nelson 's `` hi holler `` character , which really lays an egg .
the silliness also rears its ugly head on creighton hale 's occasionally crown .
neither `` true heart susie `` ( 1919 ) nor `` the greatest question `` ( 1919 ) veered so wildly into this form of lunacy .
but , in the end , these indulgences can not diminish the great performances , and spectacular ending of `` way down east `` .
the `` great `` is absolutely indispensable .
********** way down east ( ) d.w. griffith ~ lillian gish , richard barthelmess , lowell sherman , creighton hale

1
as gish once said , `` ... .
.
silent movies were well on their way to developing an entirely new art form .
it was not just pantomime , but something wonderfully expressive . ``
it is that expressive ability , which in talking movies and still today , more than any other characteristic , defines the success of an actor or actress .
as it was back then referred to as `` the look `` , this ability was gish 's trademark , and has never been done better by anyone .
in way down east , she set the benchmark for this ability .
in my opinion , the best work of her career .
if you have n't seen it , do , and you 'll wonder who in screen history can rival `` her look `` .

1
larry semon is , sadly , likely the most historically overlooked of all the `` silent clowns `` .
critics panned his films later in his career , due to his refusal to change from tried-and-true slapstick formulas , and he was soon forgotten in the public eye after he died too young of tuberculosis .
also , whomever may get a chance to actually see one of his flicks , be warned they are often not `` pc `` in today 's world , containing racial stereotypes , etc . .
however ... `` the bakery `` is pure fun from the start , with pies , lard , soot , food , flour , and whatever else happens to be handy flying thruout !
this silly romp is very worth seeing , if you can find it ( a very hard thing to do ) .

1
we all know what a complete and absolute genius that buster keaton was , but what not too many of us know is that he could do just about anything !
i watched this only a few days ago , and in my honest to goodness point of view , this is another masterpiece that he directed and starred in !
while i was watching this short , i was laughing myself silly , it was so funny , just like a lot of other buster keaton films that i have watched !
buster keaton was great at everything he did , acting , directing , everything , he was a total and complete genius !
in this short , we 've got a lot of laughs !
there 's a disaster at the beginning involving money and glue , not to mention the scenes with the changing stairs !
this short also has something incredible , a few actors in this short assemble a man , and he moves , he truly and completely moves .
that was something incredible for being done all the way back in the year of 1921 , because nowadays , it would most likely be done by a computer .
but back then , he did n't have the technology to do something like that , so keaton probably did a frame by frame shot to make it look realistic , and it looked pretty darn realistic to me !
well all in all , buster keaton has directed another masterpiece of a short film , it is another short that is one of my favorites , along with cops , the playhouse , and the classic the blacksmith .
out of all of the buster keaton films that i have seen , i have n't seen one yet that i did not like .
if you love buster keaton , then you 've got to watch the haunted house , because when you watch it , the chances are you wo n't be able to stop laughing !
and it 's true , when you do watch it , you just wo n't be able to quit laughing !
10/10

1
the high sign -- buster : our hero ... 10/10 .
this film along with ` one week ' can be found as extras on the buster keaton dvd , `` the saphead `` .
although defined as ` short films ' by virtue of their length , each movie running at about 20 minutes , both ` the high sign ' and ` one week ' are superior comedies to the feature film , ` the saphead ' which clocks in at 77 minutes .
it is on the strength of these two short films that make the purchase of this dvd entirely worthwhile .
there 's really no need to explain in detail the unbelievable plot line .
it 's a comedy that plays out as logically as a dream .
it works best if you accept the many predicaments buster finds himself in .
whether he 's hired with no reference to work the shooting gallery in an amusement park run by the gang the flying buzzards , or hired as a bounty hunter by the flying buzzards to kill a wealthy businessman , or , and this is the real stretch , hired as a body guard by the same wealthy businessman he was originally hired to kill .
just go with it .
what works best in all buster keaton films are the many sight gags and the unbelievable physical comedy .
in this film some of the best moments include buster jerry rigging the shooting gallery with a bell , a rope , a dog and a bone .
or watching buster snag a newspaper from someone riding on the merry go round , it happens so fast you ca n't believe he actually did it .
and of course , the amazing ending that takes place inside the customized house of the wealthy businessman he is trying to protect .
because the businessman is aware that his life is in danger , he has made his house a labyrinth of hidden walls , trap doors and removable paintings .
the last 5 minutes of the film show buster knocking off each of the flying buzzards inside the house .
this physical comedy is the closest you 'll ever come to seeing human beings act in real time to what would become the clear domain of animators some years later , such as those of the ` tom and jerry ' cartoons .
you wo n't believe your eyes .
highly recommended .
this film is a lot of fun .
10/10 .
clark richards

1
with her love off to war , a young woman operates the lighthouse near her home on the coast of italy .
one day , finding an american seaman washed up on the shore , she takes him home & nurses him .
romance blossoms and they marry .
but little does she know that the love light she beams to him from atop her tower every midnight will have tragic consequences she can not begin to imagine ... while traveling in italy with her husband , frances marion met a woman whose story during the great war was so compelling that she knew at once it would make a great movie .
marion was a screenwriter on the ascendant and her best friend was motion picture star mary pickford .
little mary , who liked the idea , not only had frances write it , but direct the film as well .
it turned out beautifully , with pickford - in a daring departure from her little girl roles - giving one of her best performances .
her emotional display at the multitude of troubles thrown her way never wallows into histrionics .
one need only look at this film to be assured , if there was ever any doubt , that america 's sweetheart was an excellent artist , as well as a huge celebrity .
this movie is also testament to one of the industry 's supremely talented women .
the silent era was a time when women were given enormous freedom to display their gifts in hollywood , not just as actresses , but also as directors & writers .
frances marion would not direct many films , but she was the consummate screenwriter .
for over two decades she was the world 's highest paid individual in her profession , male or female .
she was also the first person to receive two academy awards .
she would eventually write the scenarios for over 150 motion pictures , a large number of which are still considered to be classics .
this was the film debut for fred thomson , who plays the american seaman .
a decathlon champion & presbyterian minister , he had met marion during the war .
it was love at first sight for both of them & they double in europe with pickford & douglas fairbanks .
not wanting to act , he 'd eventually been persuaded to take the part in the love light by the two ladies .
he proved to be a natural .
a very moral man , he would find an outlet for expressing his ethics through hollywood westerns .
with thomson rapidly becoming one of the most popular cinema cowboys , he & marion built a huge mansion in the beverly hills and began raising a family .
tragically , fred thomson would die on christmas day , 1928 , from tetanus caused by a scratch on his ankle from a rusty nail .
he was only 38 years old .
the love light enjoys excellent production values , sets & photography .
it has been restored to a pristine condition and will be enjoyed & appreciated for many years to come .

1
mary is a babysitter to poor lonesome little girl begs to go with mary on a trip , as she is supposed to see her boyfriend who has promised to get her as she turns 18 .
a bum tricks harold out of his money and he tries to get it back - by all means gets underneath the train where the bum is with his gets the money only to lose it sees her employer getting on the very same train , so she gets in to explain the child 's harold has to babysit the easiest task in the or never is a harold lloyd from 1921 .
it 's directors are fred c. newmeyer and hal and his future wife mildred davis have the chemistry thing going mae bilson ( b . 1915 ) is just adorable as the lonesome little this she appeared only in one movie , our gang the following year.this is a rather sweet harold lloyd of like charles chaplin 's the kid ( 1921 ) .
lloyd and the little girl work great together.the movie has some many enjoyable see harold driving his car and causing damage in the pays for the damage - to a 's hilarious to see him clinging underneath the train with the 's funny when he gets some shaving cream inside his mouth instead of how he stops the train to get some milk for the girl - he goes milking a when harold has problems with dressing the little girl.he asks that man to help him , who holds the dress and harold makes the girl dive into it.there still remains piece of in the end harold is on top of the is the most enjoyable ride with harold lloyd .

1
in essence this movie is a very original and pleasant take on the french revolution , when the monarchy got replaced by the republic .
the story is told through the viewpoint of two sister , of which one is also blind , who get separated , during the events that lead up to the eventual french revolution and its aftermath .
it 's a great and original way to tell the story , without ever becoming too ` historical ' , with that i 'm meaning that it does n't turn into a dull lesson .
it 's an amazing looking and crafted costume drama that above all is also really well told .
leave it up to d.w. griffith to tell a grand epic story .
of course the movie is mostly melodramatic , like basically every other genre movie from the same time period .
and melodramatic or not , the movie and its emotions work really well .
it makes this a really effective movie to watch , though it 's definitely not only just drama but the movie in its overall style is quite light ( especially compared to other d.w. griffith movies ) and even leaves room for plenty of humor , despite it 's heavy and dramatic undertone .
d.w. griffith movies have always contained humor , mostly of the small and subtle sort , that often worked refreshing from its more heavy and dramatic elements .
this movie is no exception and even has a comical relief in it , in the form of creighton hale , as the servant chevalier de vaudrey .
the movie actually features quite a lot slapstick humor , especially in its second halve .
it proofs that d.w. griffith had a great sense for timing .
the movie is filled with many characters and also features many developing plot lines .
the movie is however definitely not as tiresome and overlong as with other d.w. griffith movies sometimes is the case .
this movie knows to keep your interested because of its fantastic story and the well it 's told and made to look in the eventual end movie .
the movie is also not as hard to follow as with many other silent movies often is the case .
i think this is also due to the more ` light ' way of storytelling .
it 's obvious that the movie makers wanted to entertain its viewers .
the many characters are being played by some fine actors , although of course their performances are definitely over-the-top all by todays standards .
the real life sisters lillian and dorothy gish play also the two sisters in this movie , in their last movie role together .
lillian is of course the best known of the two , definitely thanks to d.w. griffith 's other movies but dorothy in this movie shows that she is just as talented .
the two also have a really great chemistry together on the screen which definitely helps the movie and its story .
joseph schildkraut plays a great .
pretty looking , noble and heroic character .
but especially great in this movie are the ` villains ' .
the movie has a wide variety of villainous characters , from many different classes .
the aristocratic villains are great , mainly also because of their looks and style of acting but also the characters from the lower classes such as and the vile mother frochard are great .
all of the characters are really powerful and the movie manages to give each of them a defining personality .
the movie gives a good and detailed look into the parisian aristocratic lifestyle of the 18th century .
it also perfectly explains how and why the french revolution occurred , without ever loosing its main focus on the dramatic story lines of the two sisters , who in essence do n't really have anything to do with the revolution .
they 're just at the wrong place and the wrong time with the wrong people .
the french revolution merely serves as a backdrop for the movie .
the movie has a great look , with impressive looking sets and especially costumes .
you can definitely describe this movie as a costume-drama in my opinion .
there also are some great mass sequences and battles , all of course part of the d.w. griffith trademark style of film-making .
the race against the clock sort of ending is totally fantastic .
it 's tense and extremely well build up and executed .
the eventual end of the movie is also really great , in which everything reach a satisfying conclusion .
it suits the genre and especially this movie , really well .
the movie left me with a great happy feeling and the overall movie made a big impression on me .
not even d.w. griffith 's best ( that really says something about his other movies !
) but certainly his most pleasant to watch - and entertaining one .
10/10 http : //bobafett1138.blogspot.com/

1
d.w. griffith 's monumental epic about two sisters swept up in 18th century paris before , during and after the french revolution is a masterwork in storytelling , direction and social comment , with griffith attacking both the nature of ` mob ' and aristocratic rule .
on both sides of the revolution there are unpleasant , greedy individuals bent on destruction .
the story is touching , griffith 's use of colour filters a welcome touch to the atmosphere and scenes , which are crafted and composed to perfection .
costumes , sets and setpieces all look beautiful .
there are dozens of characters , some real life figures , such as robespierre or danton , each one with a uniquely crafted personality and well performed .
lillian gish is truly astounding .
the story may indeed be riddled with clichã©s and dramatic coincidences , but griffith edits the film so well that you admire these moments , rather than cringe at them .
i know griffith is essentially notorious for only one film , which has no doubt swiped a gaping scar across the rest of his career , but he truly was a master .

1
the bigwig is the patriarch of narrative .
with `` those awful hats `` 1909 , `` corner in wheat `` , `` the painted lady `` and many of his biographs , you can sense that this is a man who understands the lexicon of cinema ( though did not pioneer it in the same sense that george albert smith made the close-up or how louis lumiere showed the first train interacting with an american audience ) , he is still responsible for crosscutting and this is evident in `` what shall we do with our old `` , `` birth of a nation `` , `` the muskateers from pig alley `` and onwards .
intolerance ranks as one of the most potent films ever made by a one trick pony .
many say welles was the greatest innovator - well , he did do something of fresh sinew , but he himself also quoted griffith 's intolerance as an influence to his illustrious debut .
kubrick as well says that he was like , when he flew too close to the sun and melted , but regardless he was ambitious at changing film from a novelty to a revered art .
so enter `` orphans of the storm `` his period film ( similar to that of an older french film he done `` the sealed room `` ) , which is in essence , topping with amadeus and barry lyndon as the great period drama .
and it 's this because of the enlightening irrevocable effect of the films doctrines .
the french revolutionists are selfish people and maximilien robespierre is the one that fostered it .
the film chronicles the tragedy of jean picard 's decision to allow his daughters to live in luxury .
with this judicious , yet regretful decision , louise ( dorothy griffith ) and henriette ( lillian gish ) are born .
later in life , louise is blind and henriette , her sister , finds word about a cure for it .
when they travel away they 're separated into the darkness - louise is lost and henriette is taken away only to be saved by an anti-french revolutionist chevalier de vaudrey , who as one person in the film puts it `` i wish more aristocrats were like you `` and louise then falls into the trap of frochard , which in sequence we see one of the best dolly shots pulled away as she gets manipulated as she is used as a singer in order to get money .
where the reign takes its toll against the bolshevism , subverts the system periodically and this is so powerful because of how character driven it really is , you can empathise with these peoples struggle .
however with certain scenes , such as the one where a man sits on the back of a french revolutionist , it seems ridiculous , to me it shows how the place has been rendered to many dolorous people .
the movie is probably griffith 's least melodramatic film .
its interplay with appropriate characters , offset by a poignant time and ornate setting .
the movie is mesmerising - the swordsmanship , the guillotine , the carts , the costume - it all feels authentic and griffith really wanted to adapt the book faithfully , and that was conducive to the manifestation of a bulb that is replete with such melancholy , ambivalence and escapism .
no matter what , the napoleonic scale ( as with his prior films ) never ceases to spellbind me .
i find griffith entertaining because he 's the illusionist that creates and characters who we strive for in their victory , and it 's all in quick succession .
a time well spent .

1
certainly , with this film , griffith had lost none of the flair and innovation that were to desert him later on in the 20s .
the cross cutting worked amazingly at the climax of the film as danton 's troops race to rescue henriette from the guillotine - i was on the edge of my seat .
lillian gish is one of the greatest of actresses but it is interesting that when she was teamed with her sister , dorothy was always given the more interesting part .
in this film she plays the blind louise and she is able to add some whimsical comedy bits to her role ( polishing her shoes , stretching when she steps out of the carriage ) .
by combining real historical figures and fictional characters in an exciting story of the french revolution you feel you are watching `` living history `` .
the film takes some time to get into the main story but once it does - there is no stopping it ! ! !
baby louise is left at a foundling home by people that have slain her father .
baby henriette is being left by her father at the same home because poverty has left them destitute .
when he sees baby louise on the snowy steps he is over come with remorse and takes them both home .
they find a note in a locket with louise 's name and the words `` save her `` - also a purse of gold coins .
as the years pass henriette 's parents die of a fever that has also left louise blind .
on their way to paris henriette catches the eye of an evil nobleman who is determined to take her to a gala fete he is giving - even if it means kidnapping her - which he does ! ! !
at the fete henriette is frantic , calling for help which she gets from a kind nobleman chevalier de vaudrey ( joseph schildkraut ) who after a duel whisks her away to lodgings .
louise has been taken by an ugly old crone ( the magnificent lucille la verne ) who forces her to sing in the street ( `` you 'll shiver better without that shawl `` ) and when louise refuses throws her into a rat infested cellar .
pierre ( frank puglia ) the youngest son who is taunted and bullied by his mother and older brother becomes louise 's protector .
after a realistic fight in which he stands up to his family - he then helps louise find her sister .
henriette and vaudrey fall in love .
she also helps danton ( monte blue ) escape a rogue mob thus gaining an enemy in robespierre ( sidney herbert ) whom she accidentally snubs .
vaudrey 's mother , countess de visits henriette to ask her to give him up and when there finds that louise is the daughter she was forced to give up .
henriette hears louise singing in the street and calls to her but before they can be reunited she is arrested because she gave shelter to an aristocrat ( vaudrey ) .
it all ends happily with a picnic in a rose garden ( i , too , was glad that pierre was saved and allowed to end his days happily under the care of countess de ) .
fortunately the humour of creighton hale is kept to a minimum .
the gala fete sequence is beautiful set with tableaux depicting famous paintings of the day ( 's `` the swing `` ) .
highly recommended .

1
before and during the french revolution , `` orphans of the storm `` lillian and dorothy gish ( as henriette and louise girard ) `` suffer through tyranny and selfishness . ``
during the plague , the sisters lose their parents , and dorothy goes blind ; but , lillian vows to care for her sister forever , declaring , `` i 'll see for you . ``
and , she does , for awhile ... when the sisters learn the city may hold a cure for dorothy 's blindness ; they journey to paris .
there , lillian is accosted by lusty aristocrat morgan wallace ( as marquis de ) , but she rejects his advances .
mr. wallace decides he must have lillian , and arranges to have her abducted for an upcoming orgy ; this leaves the blind dorothy helpless , on the streets of paris .
she is rescued by street beggar frank puglia ( as pierre frochard ) ; unfortunately , his mother lucille la verne is a cruel hag , who abuses dorothy .
joseph schildkraut ( as chevalier de vaudrey ) falls for , and rescues lillian , but finding her blind sister during the french revolution proves to be quite le .
d.w. griffith and company are triumphant in this ( yet another ) breathtakingly beautiful film ; the direction , photography , sets , and editing , and performances are superb .
lillian and dorothy gish are flawless as the `` orphans of the storm `` ( this was the last cinematic team-up ) .
the children who play the gish sisters look and act amazingly like their adult counterparts .
mr. schildkraut is quaint , yet charming , as lillian 's leading man ; he is a romantic ideal , kissing her tears and stroking her face ; after the revolution , he becomes quite strong .
dorothy 's relationship with poor puglia is an unexpected pleasure ; puglia is given , and gives , a surprisingly vivid characterization ; as his mother , ms. la verne is deliciously wretched - you can almost see her tonsils as she cackles !
the `` frochard `` family ( la verne , puglia and sheldon lewis ) help give the film a charles dickens touch .
monte blue is thunderous as revolutionary danton , and creighton hale quirky as picard .
one of the characters gets it in the end .
********** orphans of the storm ( ) d.w. griffith ~ lillian gish , dorothy gish , joseph schildkraut , frank puglia

1
a masterpiece .
i can not help being a musician and silent film lover .
do not fault me for my views .
: ) the music that populates a movie is important - and it is important to me .
when i first saw this movie , it was an accident of 1970s channel surfing - remember when we all had less than 10 choices .
i walked in when the titles were going up and the piano sounds of william perry played .
and they played into my heart - and have never left there .
repeated viewings with this piano score has indelibly bored itself into my subconscious .
talk about the original score has intrigued me - and the use of the then contemporary music of louis moreau gottschalk did also interest me - somewhat .
other versions i read about talk about the `` nice `` string score .
i just downloaded the amazon version of this version and have come away woefully and irreversibly disappointed with the result .
what did i hear ?
instead of the perry piano score , i heard some fin-de-siecle written by gottschalk .
it did not satisfy - it did not bring me into the story - it did not make me want to see this movie in its entirety .
not like another score that stole my heart .
if any of you every have a chance to encounter the willam perry piano score for this movie - stop , look and listen .
his music like no other evokes every emotion you could possibly imagine - - every nuance -- like no other score will ever do .
the score has romantic melodies that one can recognize and return again and again during crucial moments - it has stirring , dramatic sounds - it has the marseillaise ( even though it is historically precedent of this time in the french revolution ) -- it has up and downs , crescendos and , it has tender , heartfelt moments of beauty that i will remember for the rest of my life .
years ago , i was able to correspond with mr. perry .
i had wanted the piano score - to buy .
he said to me that none existed .
i was astounded because what i thought was a carefully worked out score - was his own - on the spot compilation .
he said that he had music of the several themes on his piano - and was always watching the action .
he `` cued `` the movie and then played what he had planned - completely on the fly !
i told him that the result to me was astounding and so memorable .
this is what genius is .
unexplainable .
though i can recommend this movie without any reservation - because it is my favorite silent film - i can not recommend any other musical score - than the piano score by william perry .

1
griffith created this film three years after the bolshevik revolution in russia .
it is apparent that he is expressing his antipathy towards that revolution through this film .
he does this explicitly by anachronistically calling the evil revolutionaries in the film `` bolsheviks `` .
his characterization of danton and robespierre may perhaps be taken to be references to lenin and trotsky .
the film certainly takes a clear , if ambiguous , political stance .
it supports the peasants and workers of france against the aristocracy for the first hour and a half .
suddenly , as the revolution begins , the movie switches and paints the same peasants and workers in hysterical and savage tones in the last hour .
this was the feeling of the ruling oligarchs in america at the time , the czar and the aristocracy were terrible people in russia , but the communists were worse .
one interesting theme is that class does not matter and that people are good or bad regardless of what class they may belong to .
this was a direct attack against the socialist ideal and practice of class-based parties .
as far as being a story teller , griffith is flamboyant and exuberant .
he throws in fabulous sets , costumes , make-up , acting and dazzling shots .
the editing is dynamic .
as with many of spielberg 's movie , great cinematic technique overcomes a lackluster story ( `` close encounters of the third kind , `` for example ) one can see some interesting psychological processes in griffith from the movie .
notice that both gish sisters are the objects of near rape in the film .
griffith has both the aristocracy and the revolutionists engaging in grand orgies .
on one level are supposed to associate this type of hedonist behavior with anarchy , chaos and evil .
on the other hand , these scenes contain some extraordinary beautiful and memorable shots .
the line dances in the garden of the aristocracy and the swirling , mad dance of the revolutionaries through parisian streets are quite extraordinary .
did bergman get his ending for `` the seventh seal `` from this movie ?
i also noticed that the film contains about three seconds of female nudity with the right breast of a woman in a fountain of wine clearly exposed .
shocking !
i believe the film was made the same year that d.h. lawrence released `` women in love . ``
i also think it is interesting that both this movie and chaplin 's `` city lights `` have a plot that turns on a young blind woman .
it seems to be that the silent filmmakers may have thought of their lack of speech as a sort of handicap and thus the blind beautiful woman is a kind of metaphor for silent movies themselves .

1
tol ` able david is a superb piece of americana , a great film that reproduces a long-lost time in america as well as attitudes .
richard barthelmess is superb as david , the younger son in a family in virginia around 1900 .
the town of is idyllic in its beautiful country setting and harmony reigns .
david is interested in esther ( gladys hulette ) who lives on the neighboring farm .
and they perform the mating ritual of innocents without even knowing it .
into this peaceful valley comes a trio of thugs on the lam .
they decide to `` visit `` their cousins and lay low a while til the heat is off .
as soon as they move in on the they take over the lives of everyone they come into contact with .
the lead thug ( ernest torrence ) is pure evil .
his idea of fun is to squash a cat with a big rock .
david 's brother is the local mailman and one day as he is passing the place the dog ( great little dog ) goes after a cat in the front yard .
torrence grabs a board and clunks the dog dead .
when the brother confronts him , torrence throws a boulder at his head , leaving the brother a hopeless vegetable .
the family reacts in anger but as david and his father argue over revenge , the old man keels over from a heart attack .
david races out to kill all the but the mother runs after him in a great scene where she ( marion abbott ) is dragged through a mud puddle while holding his legs .
the climax of the film is exciting as david takes on the goliath .
tol ` able david is pure melodrama , and the 1930 talkie version was a flop .
but in 1921 with this cast and henry king directing , it 's a simple tale about simple people and is superbly done .
the film is filled with great little scenes and bits of business : the drunk dancing alone outside the town hall where a dance is taking place .
barthelmess dancing alone in the moonlight because he is too shy to ask esther .
david and his dog fishing ... just terrific little bits of innocence and whimsy from a long-gone time .
richard barthelmess is the heart of this film and his performance ranks as one of the best i 've ever seen in a silent film .
at 26 he has no trouble convincing that he is .
he was a very natural actor who always knows where to find the humor in simple situations .
gladys hulette is also good as is marion abbott as the mother .
ernest torrence is a memorable villain ... tol ` able david was another smash hit in barthelmess ' early silent carer , joining broken blossoms , way down east , and the patent leather kid .
he was also hugely popular in early talkies , winning two oscar nominations .

1
although it starts off seemingly on the wrong foot with one of my favorite heroes , richard barthelmess , forced to take part in some embarrassingly farcical scenes with a rain barrel , the movie soon settles down into high drama once the come to roost at a neighboring farm .
a vicious threesome , ostensibly led by walter p. lewis , the are in fact dominated by a towering sadist , unforgettably played by hulking ernest torrence .
although director henry king does a lot of admirable scene setting with both his well-chosen locations and his hand-picked cast , this is a movie in which the minor players are just that : minor !
all play their parts most convincingly , but only marion abbott makes a lasting impression .
otherwise , this is strictly ( as the script itself makes plain ) , a david versus goliath confrontation .
even the sweet little heroine is relegated to the background once the action really starts .
but that is all to the good , as that climactic still packs a wallop that is unmatched in the cinema .
the above review , as published in my book , `` silent films & early talkies on dvd `` , was based on the 94 minutes image dvd version .
i have just seen the 99-minute grapevine version which is superior in a number of respects .
for one thing , it throws more attention on gladys hulette who really comes to the fore in the beautifully tinted and toned dance sequence , which image presents far less attractively in a faded , tint .
and i must admit i greatly prefer the superbly synchronized canned music in the grapevine disc to robert israel 's adequate but by no mens riveting original score for image .

1
viewing this classic film from the 1920 's was fascinating and especially viewing gloria swanson and rudolph valentino both in the same picture was very unusual in films during the silent era .
rudolph valentino was the heart throb of all the young girls and ladies and gloria swanson was very petite and cute looking and had a certain spark to her acting skills .
rudolph valentino , ( lord bracondale ) , played the playboy which he was in real life and gave an outstanding performance trying to win the heart and soul of gloria swanson , ( theodora fitzgerald ) .
theodora was married to an old man with a beer barrel belly and very rich , but he did deeply love theodora and would do anything to make her very happy .
this is a rare picture that was lost and restored in the netherlands .
if you like classic silent films and great film stars , this is the film for you .

1
hector has had many affairs .
none of them really meant anything to him .
then he met theodora while she was on her honeymoon .
he falls for her and she falls for him .
yet theodora recognizes that this is a love that can not be .
the movie has many effective scenes that show very clearly the love each feels for the other .
no words are needed , no cue cards are needed .
yet she is torn between her love for hector and her vows to josiah .
such a conflict that love can bring .
what adds to this is that i believe she also has grown to at least care for josiah and maybe even some level of love .
still , her vows are important to her .
so important that she intends to leave hector forever .
but josiah finds out about her love for hector .
and he loves her so much that he is willing to sacrifice his love so that she can be happy .
so often it seems we hurt those we love ( or are hurt by them ) and yet we are also willing to give up everything for the person we love so that they can be happy .
and , in the end , is that not what love is ?

1
finally saw this via tcm 's world premiere ; this is the most famous film discovery of the last few years , thought to be lost for 80 years !
very good romance film that sweeps from the english coast to the alps and the to the african desert .
gloria swanson and rudolph valentino star as star-crossed lovers who wait years to get together .
they meet when she falls from a row boat into the sea and he dives from his yacht to save her .
they area attracted but she must marry a self-made millionaire to save her poor family .
later in the alps on her honeymoon she slips from a snowy ledge and is rescued to guess who ?
they continue to tun into each other ( because he 's chasing her ) until finally they all come together in the desert .
a little slow but swanson and valentino are two of the most charismatic stars of the 20s and they are great together .
oh i did n't care much for the new musical score .
it was boring new age droning and did n't fit the era .
milestone made the same error with it 's restoration of piccadilly .
here the music drones along , except for a scott joplin number , with shards of sound effects .
based on a novel by elinor glyn , the topic of `` love outside marriage `` was a hot one in the early 1920s .
glyn 's plots are always clichã©s but the real magic here is the beautiful swanson and beautiful valentino and how they finally get to be `` beyond the rocks . ``
parts of the film are missing but nothing major .
some parts are distressingly deteriorated but nothing to ruin the overall film .
other parts of the film are so clear you can see grain of the fabrics .
read up on this film in swanson 's autobiography .
she was friends ( only ) with valentino and allowed him to be co-starred with her ( she got first billing despite the new dutch restoration that gave valentino top billing in the closing credits ) on condition she get a vacation in europe .
later she corrected someone who said she had worked with him .
he had worked with her ( because it was her film ) .
wow semantics , but in the original swanson got billing alone above the title .
swanson also talks about the famous tango she did with him -- alas lost !
i assume it was during the house party where they were readying a `` pageant `` and she 's wearing a famous dress ( they talked about it for a year , says swanson ) of white lace and shimmering gold beads .
the lobby card i have from this film is a scene of valentino and swanson doing the tango .
what a pity , but maybe the scene will be found .
at the very end of her terrific book she says people never stopped asking her if she knew where a copy of beyond the rocks was ... or madame or the final reel from sadie thompson .
you can sense her great feeling of loss .
but it 's ironic that in several of her `` recovered `` films there are still scenes missing : the tango scene in beyond the rocks , her chaplin impersonation in manhandled , and the final piece of sadie thompson .

1
one exciting night is an odd film directed by d.w. griffith .
it stars carol dempster and henry hull .
the film is unusual for griffith because it 's a comic mystery .
although the film is too long , it 's entertaining .
dempster is an unknowing heiress who is always seeking the love of her mother .
but the woman is not her mother .
dempster is being pawned off on an older suitor who is after her estate .
at a party she meets and falls for hull , but then odd happenings begin and there is a murder .
the intricate plot is probably defeated by the long running time , but this film is underrated possibly because it lacks major stars .
yet henry hull is an appealing leading man here , and carol dempster is a surprise .
a minor actress in the teens , dempster was elevated to stardom in the 20s by griffith after she became his mistress .
although dempster has historically been regarded as a dud , she 's quite good here as the awkward heroine , agnes harrington .
she has an angular beauty that was slightly out of step with the era 's ideals , but in the right role , dempster was a good actress .
in griffith 's the sorrows of satan and is n't life , dempster turns in excellent performances .
she retired from films before talkies came in and never looked back .
also good are margaret dale as the `` mother , `` porter strong as romeo , morgan wallace as , and charles emmett mack as the `` guest . ``
filming locations are quite good .

1
my acting teacher , the late great hayes gordon , used to say that no acting was too big , as long as it was filled .
in other words , if the emotion was real , an actor could chew the scenery and still create empathy from the audience .
i have never seen a better example of this than in this superb silent adaptation of shakespeare 's classic .
emil jannings and werner krauss , probably the two best german actors of their generation , give huge performances as othello and iago - but both are completely believable , and utterly compelling , because every emotion is felt , not indicated .
as a result , this could be the best of all the film `` `` .
strikingly shot , on brilliantly realised sets , the director also makes sure that nothing distracts from the magnificent performances of the actors .
every performance in this film is brilliant - but jannings and krauss climb to the pinacle of silent film acting .
see this film , and see two of the greatest actors of all time convey the essence of shakespeare without uttering a single word !

1
pay day is definitely one of the best of all of charlie chaplin 's early short comedies , and that 's not even just because it is now placed at the end of the gold rush , chaplin 's own favorite of his films .
charlie plays a construction worker who shows up to work late to a job at which his boss is clearly a tyrant .
the part where charlie is in the ditch strenuously digging and only coming up with tiny bits of dirt is one of the funniest parts of the entire film .
and then , of course , you have the classic brick throwing scene , which was sure to have knocked people off of their seats when they first saw it in 1922 .
but pay day is not just another slapstick comedy , it 's also got one of the better stories of chaplin 's early , short films .
his misadventures at work set up the scene for his ( which seemed not to be enough pay because charlie was uneducated and added wrong -- 2 +2 +2 +2 = 9 ) , and his eventual confrontations with his beast of a wife .
when she takes nearly all of his paycheck , he sneaks away to a bar to get drunk , finally making it home at 5am , only to find his horrendous wife sleeping with a rolling pin .
it is another classic moment when he sneaks into the bathroom ( hoping to have convinced his wife that he has already left for work ) and goes to jump into the bathtub full of laundry , only to find that it is also full of water .
while pay day does present a steady stream of slapstick comedy ( which was , of course , one of chaplin 's greatest skills ) , it is also a fairly involved story , which few of his short films had , but which were almost always very well done .
he again presents the predicament of the working man , both in his work environment as well as an amusing comment on the working man 's home life .
if you are interested in chaplin 's work or in slapstick comedy in general , pay day is a must see .

1
given that this was chaplin 's last ever movie short , he could n't have ended this stage of his career on better from , as this movie is a triumph in every way and is widely regarded as one of chaplin 's best , ( a view shared by chaplin himself who , in his twilight years , named pay day as the favourite of all his short films made between 1914 and 1922 .
i find that when reviewing shorts such as this , it 's most important that you do n't rattle on longer than the movie itself , so i 'll make this as brief as i can .
chaplin plays a labourer on a building sight who after an hilarious day on the job , gets paid , gives his rolling pin wielding wife the slip and goes for a night on the town .
sweet edna purviance plays the foreman 's daughter and gives another one of her adorable performances , but it 's such a shame that she 's not given more to do .
i can not end the review without mention to the brilliant , yet simple , brick throwing scene , where it appears that the workers on the ground are chucking bricks up to charlie on the scaffold , where he is gracefully catching them and stocking them for use .
we all know that the film is being run backwards , but in 1922 , this scene must have had the convulsed audience throwing their pop corn all over the theatre such was it 's originality , as that was my very reaction when i first saw the sequence .
my other favourite moment is just after charlie and his drinking buddies leave the saloon , ( or speakeasy as it must have been , as the movie was actually made during prohibition ) .
when putting on his overcoat , charlie puts his right arm in his own coat , put manages to find his left arm in the right arm sleeve of the coat belonging to the gentleman standing behind him and proceeds to get dragged down the street while the other man remains completely ignorant of his new charlie .
i have seen about 40 of all the 50 chaplin shorts made , and can say with confidence that with the exception of perhaps ` one am ' ( 1916 ) and ` shoulder arms ' ( 1918 ) , none of them even come close to pay day .
enjoy !

1
a much underestimated movie .
i 've seen several of murnau 's flicks , and while i am the generally a big fan of his work , this one is actually one of my favorites .
in a dreamlike manner it tells a story of main character 's obsession with a manipulative and cruel woman .
his love and desire makes him lose his senses - to a point where object of his passion becomes like a haunting spectre , a phantom .
in some way phantom is a forecast of another german picture , the famous blaue engel .
although the plot in one way or another has become a hollywood cliche over the years , the movie is dark , strange and compelling .
murnau 's depiction of insanity , especially in the final scenes is by itself a milestone of cinema .

1
if i remember correctly , it was peter greenaway who wrote a few years ago that in the near future one will be able to make films about how somebody thinks and not only about what somebody does .
when this time will be here , one should remember f.w . murnau 's `` phantom `` ( 1922 ) which does exactly what was speaking about .
lorenz lubota is a little scribe , likes books and would like to be a poet .
one day , on his way to work , he is hit by a carriage .
in this moment , he sees veronika , the daughter of a rich merchant , and chases from now on her picture like a phantom .
it fills up his whole thinking and feeling .
he even goes to her parents ' house in order to ask for her hand .
after he is thrown out , he stops working , neglects his belongings and sinks deeper and deeper in despair .
i can not remember whether anyone else in the `` silent `` time has made more appropriate use of tinting in order to show the inside of a person than murnau did .
by chance , lorenz meets melitta who looks like a twin of veronika .
however , she cheats on him and demands money which he does not have .
so he steals it and even lies to his aunt , whom he tells that he needs the money for having his printed as books .
not long after , his aunts finds out about the truth and threatens to turn him in to the police .
so , one night , lorenz and one of his new colleagues break into the house of the aunt .
when they are caught by her , the colleague kills her .
lorenz goes to prison as an accessory .
when he is released , the daughter of his former boss waits for him , telling him that she always loved him .
besides the unrealistic and rather fairy-tale-like end , this movie shows many motives that murnau would use in the subsequent year when he shot `` nosferatu `` .
one could say that in `` phantom `` , he filmed the imaginary world , whereas in `` nosferatu `` , he projected this imaginary world as a substrate of gore into the outside world .
however , one could also say that lorenz , at the end , is rightfully awarded by a loving wife because he belonged to the very few people who really believed in a phantom and even gave up his whole existence for it .
and simply the fact that a phantom can exist in our real brain proves its reality , is n't that so ?

1
this little short absolutely fascinates me .
the only thing i 've seen thus far like it is some of the work by sam brakhage , the creator of dog star man .
however , where brakhage is trying to unnerve by `` making us learn how to see again `` and provide us with an affront of head-ache inducing bright colors and flashes ( which i still totally dig and embrace as high art ... ) , this film i would characterize as very relaxing and hypnotizing .
man ray 's general use of spinning does not create so much of a dizzy feeling but a warm flow of senses , intermingling and going along with the gravity of the moving world around us .
an interesting conceit of this very short work is that as it goes along , objects become more and more recognizable until we end on a nude torso ( of which i feel is the least feminine well-rounded breasts i 've ever seen ) .
the circles and spirals of shadow and light over the torso make it an object of surrealistic beauty , something that you could hang on your wall and delve over forever .
it 's because of this and other images in this film that i had to watch it again and again ( eventually a total seven times ) just because it utterly fascinates me .
-- polarisdib

1
both versions of ten commandments on a special dvc , so i suppose one would call it commandments .
i also watched the commentary for both films .
the poem on the page where mary leigh writes good bye near the end of the prologues is the poem helas by oscar wilde .
the narrator of the commentary did not know this , so i feel that i have staged something of a coup .
it does not look like the place in the book where mary pressed the orange blossoms , she takes them out then flips a few pages before writing .
the narrator also compared the rock where danny wrecks his boat to mount , but it looks more to me like the rock at the edge of the red sea , the israelites destination , and figuratively the rock on which pharao crashed .
the orthodox of saint catherine at the foot of mount sinai is called a greek orthodox monastery in some of the commentary on the 1956 film .
the orthodox church of is an independent church , it is the church of sinai , so the monastery is a sinai monastery .
it is a common misnomer to call any orthodox church the greek orthodox church .
the greek orthodox church is the church of greece only , other countries have their own orthodox churches .

1
although painfully girl shy , a tailor 's assistant uses every ounce of strength to keep the young woman he adores from an unwise marriage .
harold lloyd produces another winning entry in his series of silent screen comedy classics .
this time there is a healthy dose of old-fashioned romanticism , as harold and beautiful jobyna ralston yearn & commune alongside a bucolic stream .
such tenderness never , however , as lloyd makes sure to leaven it with healthy helpings of hilarity .
his attempts to hide a small dog on a passenger train are uproarious , as are his demonstrations on how to make love to vamps & flappers .
and when the viewer thinks harold ca n't possibly top himself , he ends the film with one of his marvelous chase scenes , in which he uses every sort of conveyance ( train , jalopy , horse , fire truck , trolley , motorcycle & sand wagon ) to stop jobyna 's marriage to a cad .
throughout , harold displays the remarkable athleticism for which he was celebrated , made even more astonishing when one remembers that he had lost half of his right hand a few years before in a freak studio accident , a disfigurement he disguised with a prosthetic glove .
movie mavens will recognize some our gang kids in uncredited roles -- fat joe cobb & jackie condon in the tailor 's shop and mickey daniels as a newsboy on the street .
jim parker has composed an excellent film score which perfectly complements harold 's antics on the screen .

1
i initially went to the film forum 's presentation to experience what going to the movies might have been like 80 years ago .
to have an experience like my grandmother had ( she used to rave about harold loyd ) .
i thought the film was going to be ok .
i was astonished at the wit of the film , its emotional content and the joy it brought to the audience .
the gags were plentiful and quite clever , the action kept everything moving and the audience enjoyed themselves immensely ( obviously a self selected group ) .
the entire experience was enhanced by a live piano player and i think by the communal experience of seeing this film at the movies .
i highly recommend the film .

1
the great harold lloyd has a total triumph in 1924 's girl shy .
this films is jam-packed with wit , slapstick , and old-fashioned sweetness .
lloyd found his perfect leading lady in jobyna ralston , who had just the right amount of prettiness and comic timing .
lloyd , of course , was the master of comic timing in everything from set pieces to chases across los angeles downtown streets .
i especially liked the daydream scenes where the shy harold conquers 2 great 1920s stereotypes : the vamp , and the flapper .
i 'd love to know who plays theses women in this film .
i think she also appears as the girl with the hole in her stocking .
this actress is a hoot as the parody of the vamp and flapper ... altho i admire chaplin , keaton , and harry langdon as master comics , harold lloyd may have been the most complete of these star performers .
his acting range was the broadest and his characters were never quite as vaudevillian -- harold lloyd 's everyman persona still rings true 80 years later .
bravo , harold lloyd !

1
this particular film was shown on tmc tonight with several other harold lloyd films which are being sold in new dvd form .
the new film dvds have full scores that were composed for them .
and , at the start of this film ( unfortunately just the first five minutes ) there is an attempt to show hand tinting of the scene .
harold lloyd plays a shy , stuttering country boy who has never had a girl friend ( the local girls like to tease him about this ) , but who has written a ridiculous book about how to get girls , which he is trying to get published .
he meets jobyna ralston , a wealthy girl from los angeles , on the train to that town .
he manages to reunite her with her pet dog and she , in turn , is the only girl that he finds himself comfortable enough to talk to .
to protect the dog from an intrusive conductor , harold eats some dog biscuits meant for her pet ( he keeps the box ) .
he buys a box of cracker jacks for her , and she keeps the box .
they become symbols of the tight feelings they feel for each other .
but jobyna is being pursued by a suitor named de ( carlton griffin ) .
she does not know of a nasty secret he is hiding .
due to a personal humiliation , harold decides he has to break with jobyna , and she decides to marry griffin .
but harold learns the secret , and is determined to stop the wedding .
in the last half hour he proceeds to go from his village to los angeles , using automobiles , horses , buggies , trolley cars , and motorcycles .
in the course of the chase he makes comments about prohibition bootleggers and agents , about 1920s automobile driver 's training , the way streetcars could accidentally run themselves ( if one is not careful ) , and on the lack of preparation some fire departments showed regarding properly tying down their hoses .
it is a well done , amusing chase , and wraps up the film quite conveniently .
only the chases in two later lloyd silent comedies would duplicate it - but not beat it as the best of the three .

1
this film is the story of harold meadows ( harold lloyd ) , an apprentice to his uncle , a tailor .
he is very shy in front of girls and stutters uncontrollably in front of them ; however , he writes a book entitled `` the secret of making love . ``
his heart is caught by a wealthy girl he encounters by chance , mary buckingham ( jobyna ralston ) .
in front of her his stuttering ceases .
she is , however , engaged to be married to another , man , and the plot advances from here .
i enjoyed this film very much because of the many funny scenes that had me laughing all the way through ; it also had me very nervous waiting for the ending .

1
girl shy is phenomenal .
it really has it all .
it is a fantastically funny movie about an innocent `` girl shy `` everyman who ends up at the end with the big break and , of course , the beautiful girl .
the romance is absolutely breathtaking .
the pathos is inspiring -- practically had me in tears .
the comedy is , the fantasy sequences are very , very interesting to say the least .
the ending chase scene is cinematic genius .
its similarity to the ending of the graduate is eerie .
released 82 years ago , this film had me on the edge of my seat throughout .
one of the greatest movies i have ever seen .
harold lloyd is a forgotten hollywood icon .
with the 2005 dvd release of his greatest films ( including girl shy ) , that will undoubtedly soon change .

1
this film is a great film that show cases harold lloyd at his best .
the film manages to be funny , entertaining , have a meaningful plot , & includes great stunt work all in one great menage of entertainment .
while harold lloyd has other films that rank up with this one , i find this one is one of the best i 've seen .
the pace of the film is perfect & harold fits his role in this film better than a form fitting glove .
this film is so good , that years later harold lloyd was hired in the 1960 's as a consultant for another film which borrows from this one & goes on to win best picture .
i wo n't spoil this for you except to say watch this film when you get a chance , & when your done viewing it , find out the other best picture 's title , watch it , & you will be able to tell what was borrowed from this film in the other one .
great comedy from beginning to finale makes this a classic silent film ! ! !
harold was so proud of the chase scene in this that he borrowed from it in the 1960 's & because of that borrowing , he helped make another comedy star whose name is dustin hoffman .
while the technology of the 20 's in the forms of horse & street cars in the chases seem ancient now , they are never more skillfully employed in a film than they are in this gem .
i like it more every time i watch it .
you can see in this where w c fields borrowed from it for a sequence in the bank dick .
my favorite scene is where lloyd gets the letter with the check from the publisher & tears it up without realizing what it is .
his indignation upon finding out his what his novel has been re-titled is classic .
this is a must for any lloyd fan .

1
i think one could argue that `` he who gets slapped `` is lon chaney 's best film .
since lon chaney is the greatest character actor of all time , this makes it a must-see ( a term i abhor ) for everyone .
the way to watch this movie is as a sort of twisted fairy tale .
the melodrama exists to satisfy audience demands but there is much more going on here , and what 's beautiful is that it is happening in a way that affects the viewer even if he or she is n't aware of it .
lon chaney 's performance is heartbreaking , particularly when he carries the cloth heart that has been torn from his breast , but at other moments he is sadistic and vengeful , as when he lets the lions out to kill a scheming circus manager and a aristocrat .
when i watch this scene i admit that i am laughing with lon -- you have to love it !
norma shearer and john gilbert ... nobody ever had a better supporting cast .
the circus theme is a parable for the world of human relations , where we are often called upon to amuse others instead of showing our true feelings .
lon 's performance is a classic of self-torture and humiliation , and this movie should be remembered for all time as establishing mgm on the track that made it hollywood 's all time greatest studio .

1
a celebrated circus clown , he who gets slapped , plots the punishment of two evil aristocrats .
lon chaney , the silent screen 's master chameleon , adds another portrait to his gallery of pathetic grotesques .
this time he plays a scientist who becomes a clown after his former life is destroyed by his adulterous wife and a faithless friend .
a young woman provides him with someone to secretly adore , until her wicked father threatens to ruin her happiness .
chaney 's face is an absolute wonder to watch as it registers pain , anguish , distress and unrequited passion , underlining the modern reassessment of him as one of cinema 's greatest actors .
uninhibited in his circus costume & makeup , he provides no doubt but that he , under different circumstances , could have become a marvelous big top clown .
this was the first release of the new film company merger metro-goldwyn , thus making chaney their first star , and was an important rung up the ladder for the two performers playing the young lovers .
norma shearer & john gilbert would soon be major movie celebrities -- here they give good account of themselves as the circus ' daredevil & bareback riders , and as chaney 's truest friends ( both unaware of his love for miss shearer ) .
in a film full of circus excitement , the director has given the young couple a moment of unexpected beauty : whilst on a picnic their innocent affections are noticed by a passing peasant , who gives the call of the cuckoo as the perfect grace note to their bucolic joy .
marc mcdermott as a brutal baron and tully marshall as a dissolute count make villains well worthy of the harshest retribution .
comic ford sterling plays one of chaney 's fellow clowns .
the studio gave this silent film fine production values , while director victor sjã¶strã¶m added little embellishments of cinematic flair , dealing with scenes of mysterious clown figures representing fate , which enhance the film .

1
he who gets slapped is based on the russian leonid andreyev 's 1914 play about a circus melodrama .
the arty silent film was the first movie made entirely under mgm 's control and the first to feature the mgm lion , but it was not its first release as the studio chose to delay its opening until the busy holiday season .
young ` genius ' executive irving thalberg , just under studio head louis b. mayer , produced it ; during filming he was seeing norma shearer , and three years later they were married .
it marked the american debut of swedish director victor , who masterfully helms it .
though the film itself is an intermittently entertaining and inventive silent melodrama showcasing the very physical acting skills of lon chaney , a screen legend whose premature death in 1930 robbed cinema of a unique talent .
here he plays obsessed scientist paul beaumont , whose work ` on the origins of mankind ' is stolen by his devious patron , the baron de ( marc mcdermott ) -- who also makes off with beaumont 's wife for good measure .
utterly devastated by life 's savage cruelties , beaumont literally runs away to the circus where he starts a new life as a clown .
known as ` he who gets slapped ' -- or simply ` he ' for short -- his act consists of enduring nightly physical abuse at the hands of his impassive fellow clowns , to the explosive delight of the circus 's boorish audiences : a more economic definition of schadenfreude ( taking joy at the misfortunes of others ) would be harder to imagine .
but though he ( the character 's `` name `` is capitalized in all inter titles ) becomes a roaring success , it turns out that fate has n't yet done with him -- he secretly dotes on consuelo ( norma shearer ) , a rider in love with her fellow performer bezano ( john gilbert ) .
he can just about stand this state of affairs -- but when the dastardly baron returns to the scene and starts moving in on consuelo , he is spurred into a drastic act of revenge .
chaney gives a heartbreaking naturalistic performance , it 's one his most toned down and believable work , possibly showing the most painful expressions to ever grace the screen .
this is largely due to the director , sjostrom , who did n't believe in the over the top acting style of the age .
it 's certainly a contender for chaney 's best film ( and performance ) , but despite being one of his oldest that 's still available , it 's certainly one of his most modern .
of course , his circus act is great , with the ironic climax finally turning the tables on the viewer .
chaney is incredible ! ! !

1
i saw this film first on public television ( the score that is still used , i believe , was developed when the film was restored in chicago ) and have always loved it in all it 's raging perversity .
it is beyond ironic that one of the major studios was launched on a film who 's premise was that the public is a malevolent , cruel ass .
we are never allowed to forget that as horrible as the villain is ; the drooling , jeering , sadistic vermin in the circus crowd are worse .
the spookiness of the direction , i think , is what hooked me .
all the leads are excellent and perfectly cast .
this is the ultimate in melodrama , and it 's drawn is such broad strokes that it 's hard to imagine as a talkie .

1
in a career cut all too short by an untimely death at age 47 and with a resume where sadly the majority of the films are lost and belong to the ages , lon chaney has still made a name for himself as arguably the greatest character actor hollywood has ever had in all their years .
out of the bits and pieces of his films that we still have he who gets slapped is the masterpiece that should be seen as the definitive chaney film .
the man of a thousand faces puts on his best face here .
this character is all too human and we are quickly consumed by chaney 's emotional depth .
lon chaney stars as paul beaumont , an awkward philosopher who is betrayed by his wife and a baron to the point of near insanity .
his findings are presented to a university as the baron 's and his wife proclaims she hates him and loves the baron .
beaumont 's life is torn apart in an instant .
his wife insults him by calling him a clown and so he takes her criticism very literally and makes his new life out of it .
he joins the circus and becomes he , a clown persona whose entire act is being ridiculed and slapped during every performance in front of a laughing crowd .
beaumont has showmanship and is considered to be the finest clown in the country but at the cost of emotionally draining himself every night .
he sees the laughing audience as the people who have wronged him in his past .
paul becomes distracted by a new love , that for the beautiful consuelo a talented horseback rider who is the daughter of count mancini .
he is rivaled in his affections by bezano , consuelo 's partner .
beaumont 's life goes haywire when the infamous baron returns to his life asking for consuelo 's hand in marriage .
once again chaney plays the tragic from a far , but this character has a more rooted sense of morals and humanity than some of the others chaney has played and thus it is the best .
he is n't a macabre character and his intentions are pure .
we as an audience know he wo n't get his wishes and will suffer a tragic demise but yet we root for him and are taken in on his flight .
i consider this film to actually be vastly superior to the play it is based off of .
the ending of the play is simply too over dramatic and silly .
he redeems his past and emotions here in a more satisfying and tragic way by sacrificing himself for consuelo , instead of the insanity he had in the play .
maybe it was changed because audiences could n't deal with the play 's ending but having he killing consuelo because he could n't have her just takes away from the character chaney establishes .
norma shearer is my personal favorite leading lady beside chaney .
they interact well together in their scenes .
they have genuine chemistry in their faces and chaney shows that he 's feelings are n't freakish or twisted but rather that he just wants to have the love that the baron and bezano take for granted .
it is heartbreaking when consuelo returns he 's pleading for love and acceptance with a familiar slap and a laugh .
credit must be given to victor sjostrom as well .
he was able to create performances based on real human emotions rather than the melodramas that plaque many silent films .
this atmosphere and emotions are very real and engaging .
after all most 90 years this film is still a great piece of art .
i get sick of the people who claim that the silent pictures age and therefore are n't as good .
he who gets slapped shows it 's age in places but it 's emotion and conviction continue to fascinate me , and that 's what separates the timeless from the forgotten .
a bit of trivia info , this was mgm 's first film and they went in on a very high note .
may the lion continue to roar and may the man of a thousand faces continue to test time .

1
i 'm not sure about this film .
possibly a work of flawed genius , and possibly one of the first trash movies ever .
a must-see , either way .
if you take nothing more home than the scenes of the clown laughing at a globe or the size of neon sign at the circus where he grows famous , you 've already enriched your life beyond description .
the titles say that he has won by learning to laugh at his misfortune , and by making others laugh at his feigned misfortune , that somehow by knowing that people are so stupid and vile as to laugh at a man getting slapped he has risen above all his past defeats , but at the same time , it 's so totally clear that he has never put it behind him , and i do n't know if it 's pathetic or not when he tries to give his final monologue on the importance of love , and lets himself be slapped to death in the middle of a circus ring before he can finish , because i can never quite let myself feel that he is pathetic enough himself , i ca n't quite decide how much of a heart he has left , and i do n't know how to weep for it once it 's been buried .
it 's hard to struggle with that and pay attention to everything beautiful in this movie , and there 's a lot .
i would like to have seen it with a better soundtrack , because the copy i saw had generic music dubbed over the top of it .
music that paid attention to what was happening , and helped try to speak it would probably have left me with a clearer impression of what the idea was , but c'est la vie .
this film is worth a 10 for its inability to fit in with anything i 've ever seen , and especially coming from sjostrom .
see it just to keep a copy of it circulating .
this one would be a pity to lose .

1
they say that there are no small parts only small actors but lon chaney is as big as they make them ! !
when chaney went back to his old studio , universal , for a two picture deal ( `` the hunchback of notre dame `` and `` the phantom of the opera `` would you believe ! !
) he found a friend in irving thalberg .
he had only the highest regard for chaney 's talents and when he went over to the newly formed mgm as chief of production , chaney was the first star he personally signed .
too late , after the release of `` the phantom of the opera `` universal realised they had let a great star slip through their fingers but chaney went to mgm the acknowledged giant of all stars on the lot .
`` he who gets slapped `` was the first film to carry the mgm logo and in addition to chaney , as the young lovers , were two up and coming stars who more than fulfilled their promise - beautiful norma shearer and dashing john gilbert .
as scientist paul beaumont ( chaney ) finally reaches the conclusion of his study on the evolution of mankind he is dealt a savage blow .
his beloved wife has fallen in love with his benefactor , the baron ( marc ) and , what is more , she helps him steal paul 's findings where he presents them to the academy as his own discovery .
the taunts of `` fool , clown `` by both marie and his academic peers push him over the edge and years later he re-emerges in a common circus as `` he `` - who gets slapped ! ! !
among the other circus folk is ( gilbert ) a thrilling bareback rider and a new edition - beautiful consuela ( norma shearer ) who he has lost his heart to .
she is the daughter of an unscrupulous aristocrat ( the leering tully marshall ) fallen on hard times , who is not above selling his daughter in marriage to the highest bidder .
like a bad penny the baron turns up again , this time as a persistent suitor of consuela 's but she is in love with and he , who 's heart is now broken , finds a way that the three of them can be happy ever after .
this is a stunning movie , the circus scenes with the myriad of clowns of all ages and sizes prancing around is a very surreal sequence .
lon chaney 's performance rates among his best .
the ending is particularly poignant as clutching his bleeding cloth heart ( he has been stabbed by consuela 's ruthless father ) the show must go on - people must still laugh at he who gets slapped ! ! !

1
this was just great !
since this was n't one of the harold lloyd silent films that i had heard much about , compared to others , it was a wonderful surprise .
i think it 's right up there with `` the freshman `` and his other hit movies .
except with the early `` turkey `` scene on the trolley which i think went on too long , the rest of the gags were hilarious and very entertaining .
of lot of that was due not just to lloyd but josephine crowell , who played the mother-in-law .
she reminded of the brutish anne ramsey in `` throw mama off the train . ``
crowell plays the stereotypical mother-in-law : a big , gruff , mean-looking woman who makes life miserable for poor newly-wed harold .
she is joined by a no-good brother-in-law and a mean little kid .
the three of them come over to visit harold and `` wifey . ``
the film really is three long comedy segments : the trolley scene , a ride in an automobile and lloyd thinking he killed his wife 's mom after her .
after showing up at the newlyweds , the whole group all goes for a ride in lloyd 's brand new fancy car and by the time the trip 's over , the automobile is demolished .
when they get back home , harold , a little peeved by now , the mother-in-law and then thinks he overdid it and killed her .
all kinds of haunted sight gags occur which help convince him she is dead , and he is going to be arrested and charged with of jokes in this `` skit `` are extremely funny .
this is one solid hour of laughs and entertainment .

1
this is an unusual domestic comedy for harold lloyd .
instead of spending the movie trying to `` get the girl , `` he marries her in the first few minutes and spends the next hour dealing with the trials of wedded bliss .
in a way , the feature can really be seen as a melding together of 3 shorts .
in the first , harold attempts to navigate his way home with multiple small packages & a very live turkey .
in the second , harold illustrates the pitfalls of taking the in-laws ( including a monstrous mother-in-law ) for a ride about town in the new family car .
in the third segment , well - it 's hilarious , but you 'll need to see it for yourself ... harold lloyd is wonderful throughout .
but then you expected that , did n't you ?

1
whether outside or indoors harold is always in `` hot water `` - especially with his mother in law ! ! !
i actually do n't know what movie the luke warm reviewers were watching - certainly not this one .
this movie is a riot - one of the funniest harold lloyd movies i have seen - and i have now seen quite a few .
the film is quite short for a feature ( around 60 minutes ) but the jokes never let up , from the scene where wifey ( beautiful jobyna ralston ) is reading harold `` just a little list of things he can pick up from the store `` , the gags are seamlessly woven into the storyline .
after a hilarious sequence involving too many packages and what to do with an unwanted turkey on a trolley car , harold is home - to be greeted by wifey 's mother ( josephine crowell is magnificently monstrous ) , big brother ( `` he 's so lazy , he gets up at 4 in the morning so there will be more hours in the day for him to loaf `` says the witty title ) and little brother , who at one point in the movie is stopped by harold from the family pooch `` so he can be operated on `` ! ! !
the first part of the movie concerns a drive in harold 's new car where everything that can go wrong does ! ! !
harold having a drag race with an unhappy motorcycle cop - who is even more unhappy at the end of the race ! ! !
from being sideswiped by a trolley to ending up back home with the car in almost as bad a condition as laurel and hardy 's car in `` big business `` .
the last 30 minutes is one extended comedy sequence as harold getting `` dutch courage `` from his neighbour , drunkenly goes in to face his mother in law , who is giving her lecture on the evils of booze ! ! !
the bottle of chloroform rears it 's ugly head again as harold tries to stop his spilling the beans about him to wifey .
he thinks he has killed her ( he has n't ) and when she begins to sleep walk , he thinks she has arisen from the dead ! ! !
everyone , apart from the wonderful josephine crowell takes a back seat to harold and his gags but that is alright by me .
i have n't laughed so much since the first time i saw `` girl shy `` ! ! !
highly , highly recommended .

1
this is a fantastic film from dziga vertov .
it is quite personal and yet shows the intense and varied activities of numerous people in the soviet union of 1924 .
it is as artistic and creative as anything being done in the united states or germany at the time .
it was cutting edge cinematic constructivism .
it is interesting to compare this film with vertov 's `` three songs of lenin `` ten years later .
while `` `` is interested in showing the truth about life and the world , `` three songs `` is only interested in dogmatic praise of lenin .
the two films show the difference between the soviet union of lenin and the soviet union of joseph stalin .
this film shows people drinking , smoking , taking cocaine , and joking .
we see disfigured people in an insane asylum , we see a homeless boy sleeping in the streets and a man who died in the streets .
in contrast to this , in `` three songs , `` everybody is heroic and everybody is marching forward , there are more machines than people , and the film suggests that lenin magically solved all the problems of the past .
one can argue that the soviet union was facing the threat of nazi germany in 1934 and therefore needed heroic militaristic films to inspire their people .
the same images of poverty and people just surviving day to day , that we get in `` `` would not have inspired people faced with the threat of nazi insanity .
these things are hard to judge , but when socialist realism turned into socialist heroism and only showed the good and strong instead of showing everything , i think it took a big step away from the truth .
i should like to think that lenin would have loved `` `` and hated `` three songs of lenin `` .
after all , he never flinched from looking upon and seeing the darker sides of reality .

1
when sir james m. barrie agreed to allow famous players -- lasky to make a movie version of his 1904 christmas pantomime peter pan , he laid down some pretty stiff terms .
not only was he to have casting approval , but the title cards were to use as far as possible the dialogue of the stage play ; the plot line was to keep to the original three-act structure ; the characters were to be those of the play -- none were to be eliminated and additional characters were not to be introduced ; and above all , the characters were to fly realistically .
sir james also insisted on writing a long preface to the movie in which he made the point that peter pan was a pantomime and needed to be accepted as such .
unfortunately , he was unaware of the fact that americans do not know what a panto is , let alone what are its traditions .
luckily , this did n't really matter .
the picture was a huge success anyway and catapulted eighteen-year-old betty bronson ( whom barrie himself had chosen for the lead ) into celebrity status overnight .
so to really appreciate the picture we need first to understand what a panto is and what barrie did to change or modify its structure and traditions .
by the turn of the century , the annual christmas pantomime had become a very elaborate affair .
in fact , every year theatre vied with each other to offer presentations even more spectacular than they had staged in the past .
( a successful panto did n't just fill the theatre at yuletide but would run right through easter ) .
although largely ( and very loosely ) based on nursery rhymes and fairy tales , pantomimes had a rigid cast system .
the lead role was always the dame -- a middle-aged woman , enacted by a leading funnyman , the more raucous , the better .
next in line , was the principal boy , always played by a very sexy young lady who wore abbreviated costumes to show off her legs .
the villain was usually billed next , and then came the specialty acts .
these were vaudeville turns by jugglers , singers , magicians , etc . , often used to entertain the audience while stagehands readied the spectacular main set for the next act , but just as often actually interpolated into the panto itself .
of course , always had plenty of real children milling around the stage , but the leader ( who had practically all the lines ) was a young adult ( even though he or she might be a impersonating a character supposedly ten or twelve years younger ) .
doubling was quite common in the panto .
often it was a matter of necessity , but just as often it was done deliberately .
barrie intended that mr darling and captain hook always be played by the same actor .
unfortunately , both brenon and paramount at this idea and finally convinced barrie that on a motion picture set , it was impractical .
the principal change ( and it was a brilliant one ) that barrie made to the traditional structure was not to turn the dame into a dog ( dames had often played comic animals in the past ) or even to restrict the dame 's frolics to two acts ( although top-billed , the dame 's role was often not all that large .
in some , he/she did n't even make her entrance until the second act ) .
what barrie did was absolutely startling .
he made the dame silent .
he/she does n't utter a word .
the role is all pantomime , you see .
pantomime yet -- in a pantomime !
brilliant !
now we can appreciate the movie for what it is : not just a filmed pantomime but one that goes beyond the restrictions of the stage to make the spectacle more spectacular , and the special effects even more wonderful and startling .
also we can now enjoy the way the movie is cast and played .
it 's a pity hook and darling are no longer played by the same man ( though admittedly it is just as hard to imagine dull chadwick , perfect as stuffy darling , brandishing a villainous hook , as it is to see ernest torrence toning down the foam as wendy 's dad ) .
however , super-sexy betty bronson makes an ideal peter pan ( it 's important that the character be lasciviously attractive yet act as if she is totally unaware of this fact -- and this miss bronson accomplishes remarkably well , no doubt due to brenon 's meticulous direction ) .
eighteen-year-old mary brian is also superbly cast as wendy .
even though her stage age is around twelve or thirteen , she is not only the leader of the children , but a genuine mother figure and is supposed to look just a few years younger than the actress playing her mother , in this case twenty-two year old esther ralston .
( you 're not supposed to be mathematically minded and try to work out how a twenty-two year old can have a twelve year old daughter .
pantomimes are inevitably fanciful ) .
the father figure is usually much older .
forty-five year old cyril chadwick fits the bill nicely .
it 's a tribute to brenon 's skillful yet sensitive direction , james wong howe 's beautiful photography , pomeroy 's fascinating special effects and the enduring charm and cleverness of barrie 's fairy tale that the movie is just as enchanting in 2007 as it seemed to appreciative worldwide audiences in 1925 .

1
i am a fan of maude adams , the first american ( 1905 ) to play peter pan on the stage .
in this movie ( 1924 ) , betty as peter had athletic legs and thighs .
resting back on her , and folding her arms , reminded me of how maude must have looked .
they were both women playing a boy 's part .
betty looked quite masculine , but i had to remember that she was female when she kissed the women on the lips .
do i remember right ?
did she kiss wendy and mrs. darling ?
they were n't full blown romantic kisses , and were just little pecks , but directly on the lips and lingering a little too long .
it was just a little smarmy for my comfort level .
could n't the kisses have been on the cheek ?
was n't peter supposed to hate human emotion , and anything remotely masquerading as sexuality ?
it was quite creepy .
the captain hook in this movie was wonderful .
nana had just the right amount of head wiggling , and funny nuances .
the dad was right-on stuffy , with his becoming more human at the end when he welcomes the lost boys into his home .
mrs. darling was just beautiful .
tinker belle was awesome when she tried to open the dresser drawer , with her headband reminding me of wonder woman .
her flowing gown in the wind , with her long hair , as she struggled with the drawer handle , were just divine .
the shadow was well done , and betty 's efforts to use it , after wendy sewed it on , were just flawless .
the pirates were great , and so was princess tiger lily .
using `` indians `` as characters seems today quite racist , however .
i did feel a strangeness when i saw them pursuing a lion , which we usually see in jungle movies .
i kept looking in the credits to find the same actor portraying mr. darling and captain hook , which i thought was the tradition , but it was not to be .
i have seen several other peter pan movies , including `` peter pan 2003 `` , `` hook `` and `` finding neverland `` .
i have also seen pp both as a stage play and as a beautiful ballet .
in the ballet , hook danced an hilarious waltz with the upright crocodile , drifting across the stage .
it was wonderful .
the ballet peter was played by an adult male .
for finally being able to see `` peter pan 1924 `` ( silent movie , with sepia coloring and beautiful music ) , i am totally fascinated .
there were excellent acting and special effects in this movie .
i am giving it a 15/10 for overall excellence .

1
this is as close to a perfect movie as you will find .
i 've shown this film a number of times to classes of juveniles in detention , and after the initial first few minutes of resistance , even this audience , used to instant gratification , and the latest cinematic effects -- even this audience , invariably becomes enthralled by keaton 's artistry and film magic .
contemporary artists , like jackie chan , have copied much of keaton 's style and many of his stunts .
chan and others have used keaton 's stunt of running on the top of a moving train such that the runner appears stationary to the background .
keaton shows that great film artistry can be achieved with rudimentary technology .
sherlock jr. will remain on a list of `` must watch `` film classics as long as people are still watching movies .

1
my favorite film second only to `` annie hall . ``
`` sherlock , jr. `` is buster keaton 's masterpiece .
it is very fast-paced .
( it 's 44 minutes long .
a frame more and it would not have been as good .
) buster 's comic timing is impeccable .
also , his stunts are dazzling .
in fact , jackie chan once said buster keaton was his personal hero .
`` sherlock , jr. `` is so good because it is so modern .
whereas some works of chaplin are dated and sentimental , buster keaton 's movies are modern and unsentimental .
some people call him cynical , but i do n't think so .
he 's just realistic .
the entire movie is funny .
heck , even the dialogue titles were funny !
his own notwithstanding , buster keaton was a genius , and his genius , resourcefulness , and creativity should never be forgotten .

1
i 'm one of those people who rates buster keaton above charlie chaplin , and `` sherlock jr. `` is one of the reasons why .
keaton 's stony-faced modernist holds up better than chaplin 's victorian crowd-pleaser .
in this film , keaton is wonderful as a film projectionist who imagines himself as a movie hero even as he tries to woo the girl he loves .
although it 's only 1924 , keaton evokes the dreamer 's love affair with movies as well or better than `` walter mitty , `` as the film explores the tenuous boundary between reality and fantasy .
it also has a perfect ending .
i rate it a 10 .

1
this is a film that starts out as a very simple story , and then elevates itself to a level of manic hilarity that has rarely been duplicated .
buster keaton , as he does in every film , has three or four sight gags that are so shocking and startling that you 'll be rolling on the floor with laughter ( i particularly liked the `` dive through the barn window `` - i wo n't give it away , but it 's insanely hilarious ) .
this is well worth seeing again and again .
this is one of buster 's finest films .

1
there is a special effect in this film - made so many decades ago - that still amazes viewers .
in one scene , keaton is chased through a house , wearing men 's clothing .
he dives through a window , in a continuous tracking shot , and emerges fully dressed as an old woman .
watch it in slo-mo on your vcr .
it will astound you .
the entire , brilliant film will astound

1
director and star of this film buster keaton really knew how to get a laugh .
this guy 's physical jokes were really great , and instead of going for stupid over the top acting , he actually gives a fairly straight performance , relying on the wackiness and humor of the situation to provide his laughs .
and despite being a black and white silent film , this thing still stands up today , and it 's still genuinely funny !
a movie theater projectionist ( buster keaton ) is accused of pawning his girlfriend 's father 's watch , when in fact it was another one of her suitors who actually pawned it .
the projectionist has been reading a book on being a detective , so he tries to solve the case of the missing watch .
along the way he ends up back at work and has a dream relating to his plight .
a lot of old movies , including many of those from charlie chaplin , were really just a succession of gags with no real plot , but instead just a common theme throughout .
this is not the case with this one .
despite a complete 180 turn for the long dream sequence , it plays out well as part of the movie , and actually might include some of the funniest parts of the movie .
the acting in this movie is really great !
the 1920s , and way onward were known for over the top acting , but the acting here is just perfect .
the facial expressions from buster keaton are often hysterical , and the other actors hold their own well , especially the evil butler in the dream , who really has physical comedy and facial expressions down pat .
there are so many crazy gags in this movie , which makes it even more amazing that it was filmed in the 20s .
we have a guy riding on the handles of a motorcycle with no one driving it , and he 's on there for a good five minutes !
we have the top of a car popping off and flying into water as a boat .
there 's a guy walking into a movie screen , and perhaps the first channel changing but staying in the same place gag .
one of the funniest jokes is the very last joke which produces on of the biggest laughs , and is a perfect way to end the movie .
for a movie 80 plus years old , this is still a hilarious and endearing film , with special effects that are great for their time , and stellar acting/directing from buster keaton .
really a classic comedy !
my rating : **** out of **** .
45 mins .

1
between my very first buster keaton picture ( it was the marvelous the general ) and my second ( this one ) i watched many films including stuff of harold lloyd and some short films of chaplin .
i really want to watch as much works from chaplin , lloyd , the marx brothers and keaton as i can so in that way i had kind of `` forgotten `` buster keaton just like i still have the marx brothers .
i found finally sherlock jr. and i watched it immediately .
44 minutes of enjoyment , 44 minutes that will make you laugh and maybe cry , in short sherlock jr. is a fantastic gem , it is as good as once can expect from a film that for many is a must see piece of cinema , it is as marvelous as i was expecting since i was going to watch a legendary buster keaton picture .
keaton will gain you just by watching the first scene in which he appears that is also the first scene of the film , we watch him in the theater where he works , as the projectionist , reading his little book `` how to be a detective `` and not really taking care of his jobs .
i loved keaton 's character , he is a boy whose desire is to become a detective and this desire is interfering with his job .
`` before you clean up any mysteries clean up this theater ! ``
is what his chief said to him .
and for us is very funny his difficult reality and his bad luck but even with everything he will manage to get a $ 4 present for the girl ( kathryn mcguire ) , a present that will bring some special situations .
first , keaton 's character paid only $ 1 ( all the money he had after a marvelous scene in which he lost a couple of dollars and the chance to get more ) for the present but to look like a generous man of course he made the 1 a 4 of course never thinking that this action will bring him some consequences and not pleasant ones .
the rival is always there actually he is the villain so the one who stole and later blame our projectionist of his crime .
the villain stole something that soon pawned to get a present , for the same girl of course , of $ 4 .
then a mystery for our detective but he ca n't be the detective and the thief at the same time , the villain was smartest .
so now our detective will need to prove who is the real thief if he want to see the girl again but actually we could not have our detective picture with this story , after all the girl found that keaton 's character was not guilty very soon and it was even quite easy for her but she will not see the projectionist again before he had the dream , the dream that was our detective picture !
after our projectionist had this awful experience of course he went to work with everything in mind and that will give us another film .
the idea was just brilliant and so original , we watch keaton entering to a screen to experience how in cinema a sequence can be at one place and just one second later we can be watching another part of the world .
and for obvious reasons in the mind of keaton 's character are enough elements to get with a detective picture .
he is now sherlock jr. , a terrific detective who in a short time had `` completely solved the mystery , with the exception of locating the pearls and finding the thief `` .
during that sherlock jr. film we enjoy many really memorable sequences mostly after our little sherlock could recover the pearls and meanwhile he was escaping from the villains .
look when sherlock jr. is in a bike !
and of course he had the luck to be in danger one moment and the next to be saving the girl !
so our projectionist with his dream gave a great , exciting and hilarious film so now cinema will help him , like returning the favor , with the girl .
the projectionist will watch and later do the same with the girl but remember that in films sometimes things go really fast !
a perfect film ; some said that is it very short and they are right but i loved it so much to can write it 's lack of minutes as a complaint .
sherlock jr. is really a film any film lover must watch .
10 out of 10

1
i first saw this film a few years ago along with his feature film `` our hospitality `` , and when i saw this , i really loved this !
i especially loved the music that was composed for the one i saw , because i sounded like music out of a james bond movie !
buster keaton is a real master during the silent film era , he made a lot of great movies , this one being one of my personal favorites !
he also made a lot of really great short films .
the general is the best one that he ever made !
if you really are a enormous fan of buster keaton and silent films , then you really need to see this one !
because you will really be laughing your head off when you see him try to be a detective !
buster keaton was a total genius !
i have not seen this one in a long time , i probably am going to have to get it on dvd , so i can watch it at any time that i please .
i am really telling you , if you have not seen this , mark my words : you really must , you are missing out on something very hysterical !
10/10

1
sherlock jr. was an excellently pleasant silent film that possessed a surprisingly intricate storyline .
unlike , for example , charlie 's film , `` the circus , `` which possessed a very streamlined and straightforward storyline , buster keaton was able to create a storyline that had a significant amount of depth to it .
the special effects in this film were also quite intriguing and impressive for its time .
one specific instance that comes to mind is when keaton 's character , the projectionist , falls asleep while projecting a movie and an out of body conjuration of keaton 's character begins walking around next to his sleeping body and proceeds to enter the movie being projected , at which point , he becomes known as sherlock jr , the world 's greatest detective .
this movie achieved a stellar balance of story development , plot twists , and bumbling humor , making this movie an excellent piece of cinema to watch .

1
i bought `` sherlock jr `` along with `` our hospitality `` on dvd and absolutely loved them .
buster keaton is a comic genius - in any era .
his pratfalls are beyond compare .
what surprises me most is how sophisticated films from this era can be ( especially the comedies ) .
in sherlock jr , buster - while asleep in a projection room - rises out of himself and leaps through the screen entering the movie he is projecting .
it 's a moment of inspired whimsey executed perfectly .

1
this incredible comedy is far , far better than his ( oft over - hyped ) `` general `` !
the special effects and trick photography are astounding for it 's day .
there are sooo many incredible bits : keaton on the motorcycle , `` jumping thru the window `` ( mentioned in other reviews ) , and actually entering a movie are classic !
( there is a scene in which keaton falls from a , and is blasted onto railroad tracks by the force of the water .
he immediately gets up and starts running away .
years later , during a physical examination , it was discovered that he had actually broken his neck when his head hit the rail !
) .
you have got to see this film ; whether you like silents or not !
norm

1
009 : sherlock jr. ( 1924 ) - released , viewed .
doug : at just 44 minutes , this film starts slow , but once the action picks up , it becomes unforgettable with many of keaton 's most famous stunts .
keaton and his created bits that i could never imagine ; how do you create a scene with a lost dollar bill in a trash pile ?
how about an exploding pool ball ?
that scene with the pool table just baffled me .
how did he keep from hitting the 13 ball ?
did he just glue it in place ?
since keaton plays a projectionist , we get to see the inside of a 1920s movie theater , complete with the little orchestra pit .
there 's also the climactic bit with keaton riding on the handlebars of a motorcycle , not knowing that the driver is long gone .
after many thrilling stunts ( an exploded log , an elevated train track bridged by two trucks , a tug-of-war that goes awry ) , keaton finally turns around and finds that he really is driving by the seat of his pants .
the finale is a real kicker .
and let 's not forget the scene where keaton hangs off the tube connected to the water basin as the water pours out and washes him onto the track ( keaton fractured his neck doing this stunt ) .
gives new meaning to the warning `` do n't try this at home . ``
i 've found that keaton 's trademark stone-faced expression really does work for the comedy , as we in the audience can just fill in whatever reaction works in our own minds .
i 'd also like to give props to the movie 's soundtrack on the dvd which , according to the credits , was recorded in 1993 .
it sounds very jazzy and modern .
kevin : sherlock , jr. was awesome ! ! !
it 's only our second buster keaton film and already one of his best .
all the gags in this film are top notch .
i still do n't know how he did some of that stuff , like the stunt where he dives through the suitcase and disappears .
lots of little pointless special effects going on too , like at the beginning of the dream sequence when he walks into the movie and the scenery keeps changing on him .
my favorite gag is the bit on the bicycle , when he finally notices that his partner has fallen off and we see something almost ( but not quite ) like an expression resembling panic on his deadpan face .
again , keaton 's expression is kind of a marvel , as silent stars in those days had to be extremely expressive , while keaton went the other way .
his minimalist look kind of allows the viewer to fill in the appropriate emotion , which brings the audience in on the joke .
one of the unusual things about this film was the musical score , which sounds a little too modern ( i think i caught an electric guitar in there ) but just barely fits with the film 's dreamy story .
last film viewed : thief of bagdad ( 1924 ) .
last film chronologically : girl shy ( 1924 ) .
next film : the navigator ( 1924 ) .
the movie odyssey is an exhaustive , chronological project where we watch as many milestone films as possible , starting with d.w. griffith 's intolerance in 1916 and working our way through , year by year , one film at a time .
we also write a short review for each and every film .
in this project , we hope to gain a deeper understanding of the time period , the films of the era , and each film in context , while at the same time just watching a lot of great movies , most of which we never would have watched otherwise .

1
along with sunrise , the greatest movie from the silent era .
while not on extraordinary sequences of slapstick - the bicycle scene is justly admired and unsurpassed - it is the growing richness of buster 's persona , and the breathtaking analysis of the medium itself that today astonishes .
an work ahead of its time , it both celebrates film as a repository of our dreams and desires , and critiques it for engendering passivity .
crucially , it is very , very funny .

1
sherlock jr. is absolutely a fantastic movie ; especially for a movie made in 1924 .
one of the more brilliant aspects of this movie was how the music from the orchestra changed as the scenes changed ; in some cases the scenes changed relatively fast , but no matter how fast the scenes went by the actors and the orchestra managed to keep up and did an wonderful job doing so .
some of the stunts performed in this movie was top notch ; they really captured the eye of the viewer because of how dangerous they are .
the costume changes in some of the scenes were absolutely amazing ; especially the scene in which buster keaton gets tossed threw the window and into the dress .

1
i was very impressed by the cinematography !
i did not expect all of those special effects from such an old film .
a couple of the little tricks in the beginning were funny , but then there were the more difficult ones .
i could n't understand how they did it !
then there was the perfect timing between all of the segments of the motorcycle scene .
it was very well done and very amusing !
i also really liked the transitioning of reality and the dream sequence .
the storyline was easy to follow and engaging .
i liked the characters , especially keaton 's , who was sweet and lovable .
i would recommend this to someone else who is n't familiar with silent films , as it is not too long and for the reasons stated above .

1
`` sherlock jr. `` is a glorious 44 minutes in the history of silent film .
it is buster keaton taking to the absolute limit the fun you can have with a movie camera , and the movie 's viewers are the lucky recipients of keaton 's over-indulgence .
as with most keaton comedies , the premise is fairly simple .
buster is a movie projectionist vying for the hand of a local girl ( kathryn mcguire ) .
but buster 's romantic rival ( ward crane ) steals a valuable watch from the girl 's father ( joe keaton ) and gets the rap pinned on buster .
defeated , buster returns to his job , where he falls asleep and `` projects `` himself ( as `` crime-busting criminologist sherlock jr. `` ) into the melodrama he is projecting on the screen .
the set-up is funny enough , with keaton involved in a number of very funny gags .
( one of them included his getting caught in a geyser erupting from a water tower .
for years afterward , keaton suffered blinding headaches for which he had no explanation .
eventually , he discovered he had broken his neck via the water gag .
) but once the dream sequence begins , all stops are out .
buster starts by trying to intervene in the melodrama into which he has inserted himself , only to find the scenery changing with his every move .
in his book `` the silent clowns , `` walter kerr reports that movie makers boasted of going to see the movie several times and never being able to discern how keaton pulled off his photographic stunts .
keaton eventually admitted his secrets to biographer rudi , but i have no desire to repeat them here , any more than one would want to divulge how a brilliant magician succeeded in his trickery .
do n't try to look for the seams ; just glory in the fun .
as if that were n't enough , keaton eventually does one of his most grandiose chase scenes , in which he rides on the handlebars of a driverless motorcycle , resulting in some gasp-inducing shots .
( one of the scenes - where buster narrowly misses getting hit by a train - looks a bit fake ; and it is faked , but not in the way you 'd expect .
keaton simply filmed the scene in reverse , so that he was in no danger ; but keaton was n't quite clever enough to make it look , with the result that the train looks like it 's on a rear-projection screen .
still , try to see where else he faked this spectacular chase , and you 'll be looking for years .
) the final scene , in which the `` real `` buster wins the girl and then looks to the on-screen movie for romantic guidance , is a perfect closer .
amazingly , `` sherlock jr. , `` which has inspired countless filmmakers and was selected for the library of congress ' national film registry in 1991 , got only a mixed reception when it was first released .
variety said it was about as funny as `` a hospital operating room . ``
it was only with the `` keaton revival `` in the 1950 's and '60s that the movie got the acclaim it deserved and has received ever since .
for decades , freudian reviewers have had a field day deconstructing the movie as an exploration of film , the unconscious mind , and just about any psychological topic you can whip up .
if that 's your idea of a good time , go to town on the movie .
anyone else can simply savor it as a superbly eye-popping comedy .

1
first and foremost without a doubt in my mind , buster keaton 's phenomenal acting is the treasure of this film .
with the slyest most reserved but most amazingly formulated and at the same time completely natural facial expressions buster keaton is able to communicate the entire spectrum of his characters soul , from its despair all the way to its joys and minor annoyances in between , he is truly an artist of the subtle and a craftsmen of the minimal .
he says more with this kind of acting than most of us can today with words .
it is as if he has taken the whole array of facial expressions found amongst the faces of the average man in the crowd and created a calculated art out of it .
i was also impressed by the clever use of what was going on in the film within the film and what was going on in the film itself and how keaton 's character dreamed himself into the film at one point , it 's a remarkable statement which could be seen as satire or perhaps warning to the then emerging public fascination with films and the glamour of hollywood if you will .
absolutely a fascinating little film , far ahead of its time , recommended to those interested in the magic cinema is capable of .

1
though a silent film aficionado , i 've only recently been getting into the comedies of the twenties .
sherlock , jr. was my first taste of buster keaton , and thank god for it is the best place to start .
like bill murray or bob newhart , keaton 's humor is based on perfectly timed lack of expression , which can convey more than anything said or done by a more animated comedian .
unlike those other stone faces , keaton is also an action hero , constantly jumping off cliffs , hopping moving trains , riding the handle bars of a speeding bicycle , throwing himself through windows , all without the aid of a stunt double .
the seamlessness of the camera trickery is mind-blowing , and the post-modern wall philosophy has been the subject of an entire book published by cambridge .
but despite all the leaps , falls , and technical wizardry , the funniest moment in the film is when buster kisses the girl , which must be one of the most love scene ever put on film .

1
this movie is breathtaking and astounding .
you 've heard those things before , but not from me .
today we have few films that combine special effects with a riveting story .
some would say star wars did so , and i 'd agree to a certain extent , but no movie that i 've ever seen work a story integrated with special effects like this one .
if you are n't as amazed by this tour de force as i am , check your pulse .
you 're dead .

1
this is , in my book , keaton 's greatest film -- even better than `` the general , `` and that 's saying a lot .
it 's hilarious and technically dazzling , especially when you consider the state of special effects when it was made .
see it and understand why buster keaton has to be considered one of the geniuses of the 20th century .

1
buster keaton has cajones the size of watermelons .
this is n't just to say in the stunts that he executes - sometimes , apparently , to great physical and personal risk - are at big comic peril , but that he 's fearless with what he wants to try as a filmmaker and scenarist .
jokes that i thought would never really be fresh are taken in 1924 in ways i did n't think could be funny , but are .
take a small bit where keaton 's character ( one of them , anyway ) plans to sabotage a nefarious guy with a slip on the banana peel .
for a moment this is groan-inducing , but watching how it 's executed it becomes something really , really gut-busting .
there are little bits like that , and then those huge scenes of choreographed mayhem : a blast by water after hanging off of a moving train , a chase through a town that includes a sudden chance of a road connected , jumps through small holes and windows at the nick of time that are half pure keaton and half exciting editing .
and then keaton himself , usually a little guy looking shy and quiet and a dreamer in the greatest cinematic sense ( this was one of the first , if not the first , films to have a character go into a movie-world right through the screen ) , and he 's always incredibly subtle but not ever lacking appropriate comic timing .
and in sherlock jr he operates wonderfully on two wavelengths : one is as the character just trying to hold the girl 's hand on the couch without much embarrassment , and the other is as the title character , going up in peculiar fashion up to everyone in the room ( as is one of the listed things `` to do `` as a detective ) and suave with things like an explosive 13 ball on the pool table .
keaton is , as ebert noticed , the one little guy wandering around in the chaos .
only this time , in such a short running time for a feature ( it 's just a few minutes short of being a short film ) , keaton crams as much as he can to perfect effect .
sherlock jr should be seen by just about anyone looking for a great example of pure hijinks and stunt work ; what jackie chan might be for martial arts buster keaton is to a crazy pratfall , and you often ca n't entirely believe it 's the guy on screen doing what 's being done .
and it 's also , alongside steamboat bill jr and the general , examples of how keaton could be an exemplary filmmaker , someone who took film technique and shook it up just a bit ( if , admittedly , more-so than chaplin as just director if not quite as a star ) , while sticking faithfully to comedy and heart-tugging moments .
and if you 're tuned into the mania and well-oiled machine of the stunt sequences and classic chase climax it 's as pleasurable as anything in comedy history , nevermind just silent film .
make sure , by the way , to watch the kino version ( at least the one on vhs which i saw ) to see one of the most enjoyably strange scores for a silent film - there 's even the blues hit you got to move at one point !

1
delightfully witty , replete with surprising visual legerdemain and expert comedic timing -- a type of robust physical comedy which has long been extinct .
buster plays a movie projectionist who falls asleep and dreams himself into the movie he 's showing ( an obvious source for woody allen 's comparatively sluggish i purple rose of cairo and one-gag i zelig ) ; which furnishes a grand opportunity for all sorts of cinematic high jinks and tricks , as buster literally steps haphazardly and haplessly from one scene into another , the world itself seeming to be in rebellion against him ; and all this beautifully realized by sheer brain power and imagination , without any of the intrusive impersonal technical manipulations of today .
there 's a chase scene ( of course ) of remarkable dexterity and skill ( how in the world did he tumble through an open window into that woman 's dress ?
) .
the play on the unexpected is always light and richly fanciful .
so many , besides allen , have copied from him , for example , peter sellers , even thurber ( `` the secret life of walter mitty `` ) .
he 's my favorite silent film star , even better than chaplin .
( this screening at the pacific film archive was accompanied by an ensemble which calls itself of , a pun as intellectual , remote , and dry as the music itself , a type of i outrã© cleverness so typical for francisco , e.g . , clubfoot , beth custer , etc . .
i , for one , would have preferred to enjoy the rhythms of the film unimpeded by those of the band .
)

1
yes , counting all the comedies i 've ever seen , silent or talkie , this is probably the funniest .
i was lucky ( boy , was i lucky !
) to see this in a theater with a live piano player .
ever scene is brimming with comic genius , cinematic inventiveness , and just plain perfection .
i laughed almost nonstop from beginning to ending .
jokes that seem liked they lasted 10 minutes were funny for their entirety .
after the performance was done , i think the audience clapped for 10 minutes , and they ( the pianist and buster keaton ) deserved at least that much , if not an hour more .
10/10

1
sherlock , jr. ( 1924 ) if you think silent films are stupid or simplistic , check this out .
not only is it clever and fast and well done , it 's short ( well under an hour ) so you wo n't have to panic .
buster keaton is one of the big three silent film comedians ( along with chaplin and lloyd ) .
and all three were an influence on woody allen .
in this case , you can see the most astonishing use of the film work and the real world getting mixed up .
remember that allen film , `` the purple rose of cairo , `` where the character on the screen steps into the real world , and things go nuts ?
well , that 's the key startling premise here -- keaton plays a projectionist who ( in his dream ) jumps up on the screen and into the movie .
on top of this are classic keaton comic moments , a plot that has at least three threads ( one is in the movie on the screen ) , and a kind of post-modern love story .
keaton is an understated actor with is face , and overstated with his body .
that is , he does n't push the comic expressions but he really knows how to make his body language work .
the netflix version is a kino release and it 's really very good , with music that makes sense .
( the music is always added much later , but kino releases usually choose scores that might match a better performance from the time , when of course the music was live in the theater .
)

1
not only is this buster keaton 's best film , but it is among the greatest achievements in the history of cinema , period .
while it is not a feature-length film -- and thus barred from most critics ' lists of great films -- it invented just about every single basic special effect known to movies ( except for morphing ) .
the story itself , about a film projectionist who desires to become part of the movies , and then does , by walking right onto the screen , made palpable the desire that we all have to be in the movies : to get the girl , to be an action hero , to outsmart the bad guys .
keaton invented before anyone even had a phrase for it .
this movie has entered our dreams .

1
as i sat reading the other reviewers comments i wondered what i could add .
oddly enough i watched sherlock jr only this afternoon , after so many viewings it still amazes me how far ahead of his time buster keaton was , often copied , rarely equalled never surpassed .
i would hate to be the kind of movie fan who never watches silent or black and white movies ( you 'd be surprised how many there are ) .
so if you are like that do yourself a favour , get hold of a copy of this movie and enjoy , it shocks me that films such as ` something about mary ' are rated higher than this masterpiece of comedy , there is nothing wrong with ` sam ' even i laughed at it , but , watching it once was enough , however i watch sherlock jr again and again in pure amazement at buster keaton and his cameraman , elgin 's achievements without the aid of modern technology , like most other 's the scene where he dives through a window to reappear as a little old lady me , how did he do it ?
keaton can only be described in one word , genius .
i have to add that i have the kino version on dvd with the appalling soundtrack , but , luckily i also have it with a more appropriate soundtrack , which is far superior and adds extra enjoyment to an already fabulous movie .

1
truly , wow .
this film shows buster at his best .
i was giggling through it , and i could n't keep this huge smile off my face - this movie is magical , one of the first fantasy films .
and i thought the boat and the electric house were great !
after seeing the boat i became a keaton fan , after seeing this , i am a follower .
hollywood should be to some dark awful place for repressing buster 's talent .
i only hope i will relish in grand slam opera , the and the cameraman , all made after mgm got its teeth into our buster , and supposedly up to the standards of his independent work .
we love you , buster .

1
sherlock jr. is funny , sweet , innovative and overall a cinematic triumph in the era of silent comedy films .
keaton 's clever use of amusing sight gags as well as his knowledge of cinematic illusion and mastery of performing his own stunts makes this film one not to miss .
we are living in a time where hollywood almost seems to have forgotten how to make a good movie ; ( with some notable exceptions ) keaton 's films reminds me of the good old days , never underestimate the power of a silent film such as this one .
i was kept interested frame by frame as the film progressed , with each scene radiating comedic genius .
at only 44 minutes , this film establishes a lot in terms of story and is overall very entertaining .

1
this time , buster keaton plays a projectionist who dreams that he enters one of the movies .
the movie-within-a-movie has what must be one of the greatest sequences ever filmed , as keaton 's character has a wild ride .
like any other keaton movie , or most of charlie chaplin 's movies , `` sherlock jr. `` proves that a movie does n't need to have sound to be funny .
as can be expected , keaton performs no shortage of hilarious stunts .
one of the cleverest scenes is the pool table ; seriously , i 'm still trying to figure out how he managed to do that !
the point is that this movie is a comedy classic , and it 's very much worth your time to see it .
really good .
so yes , search everyone .
btw , was it just me , or did the theater have a poster for a movie starring stan laurel ?

1
this movie was simply wonderful , as well as funny .
the scene with the projectionist standing inside the movie that is playing and constantly avoiding the dangers in the environment which constantly changes with each transition was pure genius , and quite possibly one of my favorite scenes .
the fact that buster keaton did all of his own stunts was also very impressive , and considering some of the things he did its a wonder he did n't get himself killed .
in fact , i found out after watching the movie that keaton actually broke his neck in this movie when the water spout poured on him , but he did n't even know it until ten years later .
this movie is a wonderful piece of fantasy and comedy , and i would definitely watch it again .

1
a shy , small town movie theatre projectionist daydreams his way into the silver screen , where he imagines himself to be a debonair , high-society super sleuth .
buster keaton 's most radical ( and , in many ways , most astonishing ) comedy transforms a simple , harold wish fulfillment scenario into an almost surreal exploration of film reality as seen from the inside looking out .
the film-within-the-film gave keaton a chance to play with some experimental camera tricks and visual illusions , often ignoring the storyline altogether , and leading many hack intellectuals to later cite the film as an avant-garde think piece .
but what all the egghead analysis fails to mention is how funny it can be , and the range of humor is often startling , even by keaton 's inventive standards .
included , among other choice moments , is a wild ride on the handlebars of a runaway motorcycle ; a unique game of billiards , with buster never quite striking the booby-trapped 8-ball ; and a throwaway gag the comedian actually broke his neck performing , the fracture going unnoticed for several decades .

1
in its second year of existence the newly formed studio of had two big budget items either of which had they flopped would have proved the end for that studio combine .
fortunately for leo the lion , ben-hur and the big parade proved resounding successes at the box office and became cinema classics .
the big parade as cinema spectacle does fill the screen in a style that cecil b. demille would have approved .
but the accent here is not on heroics , rather on the horror of what was then called the great war because no one could contemplate another one like it .
watching some of the crowd scenes and battle scenes i saw that the big parade set a standard for world war i films .
watch for example the battle scenes in the fighting 69th and you 'll see how much influence the big parade had on future films .
john gilbert is the central character of the big parade a rather aimless young man whom his father hobart bosworth could use a little discipline in his life .
the army is just the thing for him .
usually those who advocate such a course do n't anticipate the army ever getting in a real shooting war .
we declared ourselves in on world war i in april of 1917 , but few troops saw any action until a year later .
we had no real standing army and woodrow wilson gave john pershing one order , keep the american army separate , train it , and then send it into battle as its own entity .
so those scenes of idleness where gilbert develops his romance with renee adoree are quite true .
the american army was being trained in the hell that was trench warfare .
the big parade is as much a love story as a war story and gilbert and adoree were quite the screen couple .
this was before gilbert had done any films with greta garbo .
the big parade proved to be his breakout film and it renee adoree her career role on the silent screen as well .
the big parade was also a tragedy ridden film .
its stars gilbert , adoree , and karl dane who played gilbert 's sidekick in the trenches all died before 1940 way too young for all of them .
in those crowd scenes which did include some newsreel footage , my grandmother used to look at them eagerly when she saw them hoping to see my grand uncle in them .
her brother was part of the big parade in real life .
william fleischman was drafted at the age of 19 to serve in the american expeditionary force and he came back and lived until 1979 and came back in a lot better shape than john gilbert was in this film .
the great war was the seminal event of his generation , no one who survived it ever was the same .
the song my buddy was used on the sound track and uncle bill had an aversion for that song .
he said that in the trenches you did not worry about your buddy , in fact better it was him that was hit than you .
uncle bill also developed a lifelong aversion to peaches as well .
that was the main thing he remembers being given in his rations and after the war could n't look at a canned peach for the rest of his life .
despite my buddy on the soundtrack and that was added subsequently , king vidor directed his masterpiece in the big parade .
although he directed for a little more than 30 years after this , vidor never equaled the big parade .
and to dough boy william fleischman , part of the big parade this review is dedicated .

1
we all know of course that the father of film is dw griffith , that he fleshed out the basic canon of cinematic technique , and that one way or another we owe it all to him .
but it was n't griffith who turned a burgeoning art form into the professional movie-making workshop that was classic-era hollywood .
such a development could not be pinned down to one picture or one person , but the big parade and its producers irving thalberg and king vidor , are as good a demonstrative example as any .
let 's look at irving thalberg first .
his name is fairly familiar , mainly because the award that bears his name still crops up from time to time at the oscars .
what he did is not so well known , partly because he never took a screen credit , and partly because respecting producers is rather unfashionable these days .
he was nevertheless behind some of the finest titles of hollywood 's early glory days .
not an intrusive , busybody producer like david o. selznick , and never took a direct creative hand .
he was instead a great organiser , with a knack for picking out the best material and putting together the ideal team to bring it to life .
for the big parade , he had tried to acquire the rights to the acclaimed anti-war play what price glory ?
, but found they had already been nabbed by fox .
undeterred , he hired the services of what price glory ?
's writer laurence stallings , commissioning him to fashion an original story in a similar vein .
and with this story , stallings effectively outdid himself .
the big parade is the perfect anti-war fable , astonishingly simple and pure in its construction .
rather than bombard us with scenes of combat and associated horrors , it immerses us in ideas one at a time .
we begin with patriotic fervour , then move onto the drudge of soldiering as work , the build-up of camaraderie , the desperate passion of wartime romance and the pain of separation , each dealt with intensely , but succinctly and without repetitiveness .
only then do we move onto scenes of action , and again each of these is played for a different effect -- anticipation , tension , tedium and finally a descent into chaos .
it actually presents war as a rather fun adventure , one that is only spoiled by the unfortunate business of killing each other .
this may seem a somewhat weak or naã¯ve treatment of the subject to the average pacifist civilian , but in fact it 's incredibly accurate and sensitive , because this it is the way war is viewed by the majority service personnel .
to a soldier , soldiering is enjoyable , even if fighting is not , and it is this paradox that stallings has captured .
stallings 's outline was given a screen writing makeover by harry behn and joseph farnham , after which thalberg handed over all creative control to director king vidor , a true master of his craft .
vidor 's aim is always to make the image complement the mood of the scene .
there is n't a single shot , or even a single item in the frame that is out of place , and like stallings he is economic and succinct in his expression .
take the early scene of the titular parade where jim decides to enlist , which is very brief for such pivotal event .
we move from a grand shot of the marching column , to a shot of john gilbert with flags waving in the background , to a close-up of gilbert 's foot tapping in time to the music .
the scene can afford to be so short not only because of the simplicity with which these images show what is going on , but also because of that constant sense of movement , which means the rhythm and thus the mood is not disturbed .
every shot is not only telling a piece of the story , it is a part of the tone of the scene .
but let 's forget those clever folk behind the scenes for a moment .
it 's the stars that people pay to come and see .
john gilbert , a screen legend in his day , gives a fantastic performance , doing little with his face , but conveying his emotions and intentions through the way he carries himself .
renee adoree is charmingly naturalistic , animated and energetic but never once being unrealistic or theatrical .
but what is marvellous about the interplay between these two is that gilbert 's character does n't speak french , and adoree 's does n't speak english .
and yet the two lovers are able to understand each other through gesture and context -- and so do we in the audience !
what better proof of the power of these images over that of words ?
the big parade is thus not any one person 's film -- it is a superb melding of cinematic talents .
it is around this period that the dominance of the major studios was gained , and the system of vertical integration known as the studio system was established .
this system would often be a straitjacket for arty and egotistical directors , but it ca n't be denied it delivered the goods .
it was the beginning of the era when film-making was at its most professional .
people like thalberg and vidor were not only savvy to what the public wanted , they also respected the integrity of what they are creating .
thus the big parade not only proved to be a phenomenal box office success , but it has endured as an ageless classic .

1
i noticed that some reviews referred to this as the greatest war film ever or the greatest silent or the greatest silent .
well , while this is very debatable .
you could easily argue that wings ( 1927 ) , all quiet on the western front ( 1930 ) or westfront 1918 ( 1930 ) were all possibly better wwi films -- but doing so does all the films a disservice .
after all , ca n't they all be great films and who says any one of these ( or another ) is the greatest ?
and , each is amazing in its own way .
plus , how can you compare a silent to a sound film ?
and what about films about other wars ?
and what about non-war silent films ?
while i could see some flaws in the big parade , you ca n't really compare it to films made later ( technically they were so different and the style of storytelling changed a lot over the years ) .
this film earns a 10 relative to other films of the day -- other films made about 1925 are n't any better .
the film has many pluses -- large and rather realistic battles that are very emotionally draining , good acting by the lead ( john gilbert 's performance was relatively subdued and very effective ) and the story was very touching -- such as when the hero 's mother sees him towards the end of the film .
sure , there are a few minuses ( the love between gilbert and renã©e adorã©e seemed too shallow and brief to be so strong ) but they are so outweighed by the strengths that they seem petty to dwell on in this review .
compelling and very watchable over 80 years later -- this is one of the great silents .

1
this was one of the biggest hits of the 1920 's and it still stands as one of the great films of all time .
many directors who came after have said that this film had a profound influence on them ( one of them being david lean ) .

1
one of the great films of all time .
john gilbert stars as a callow lad from a wealthy family who joins up at the start of world war i .
the film follows him through his early days in the army , his days in rural france , and then his time at the front , and finally his return home .
king vidor directs this amazing film , one of the best war films ever made , with touches of humor and irony , but never losing sight of the horrors and stupidity of war .
john gilbert would have won the oscar for 1925 if the awards had started then .
he 's simply superb as jack .
you watch his eyes as this films goes on .
in the beginning his eyes twinkle with glee and delight as he makes friends , finds love , and grows into manhood .
then his eyes change and go dead as he experiences war .
this is one of the great silent film performances .
but the film also boasts great work from renee adoree as melisande and karl dane as the swede .
co-stars are tom o'brien as bull , hobart bosworth and claire mcdowell as the parents .
the tcm copy i have has a incredible score by carl davis .
there is one scene when gilbert is off to the front and he ca n't find adoree .
the music is a discordant mishmash of previously heard tunes , and the music grows louder and louder until they find each other .
the scene that follows is heartbreaking and unforgettable .
but this film is full of great scenes , including the one where gilbert teaches adoree to chew gum .
so simple yet so charming .
then there 's the shower scene where gilbert has gotten a wine barrel ( hilarious ) so the guys can have a shower .
there is a great title card that reads simple : it had begun ... so few words and yet so full of meaning .
the battle images are among the best and bring the full horror of war home .
vidor assembles amazing scenes of men marching in line to death , of men trapped in shell holes , of planes swooping over the bombed-out fields .
this is an incredible movie .
tcm host robert osborne mentions that the big parade played for an astounding 95 consecutive weeks in new york and that it rivalled the birth of a nation and gone with the wind as the biggest money-making film of all time .
this is the film that , along with the merry widow , made john gilbert the king of hollywood in 1925 .
and his crown was well deserved ; he is magnificent .

1
the big parade is one of those films that left profound impact on me after single viewing .
this focus on john gilbert 's character , jim , whose experienced a major changes in his life , which has dire and good results .
it is easy why john gilbert became superstar after this film because he 's terrific actor , whose can commanded such a expression with his face .
it is very seldom to see the actor like that one .
karl dane did great job by providing comedy relief as slim .
tom o'brien did really fantastic job as bull , a bartender , who keep in balance with john gilbert .
i can not think of single film that is perfect translated in 3 acts and the big parade is great example of that one .
the 3 acts in the big parade represented significant changes in gilbert 's life .
some may disliked comedy relief but that was intend for making us caring more for the characters , which works for me .
many films are lucky to have one great sequence .
the big parade are being linked by series of magnificent sequences , which is rarity .
renee adoree did great job by portraying melisande , the french girl who had fell in love with gilbert .
look for that moment between them when gilbert had to leave for mission .
such a heartbreaking moment in cinema history .
i was very sad at that moment .
gilbert , had academy awards existed , would have probably won an academy award for best actor because it 's one of the great performance i 've ever seen .
king vidor did really great job directing this outstanding film .
it is very seldom that silent cinema can move me as much as sounds does .
i hope i can watch it again in future because it 's truly fantastic film in its own rights .
**** / ****

1
movie takes place during wwi in 1917 .
jim ( john gilbert ) is an idle son of a rich man .
he enlists in the army when wwi begins leaving behind a loving girlfriend .
he becomes buddies with slim ( karl dane ) and bull ( tom o'brien ) .
they go to france where he falls in love with melisande ( renee adoree ) .
but then he has to go off to combat .
will he survive and come back to her ?
and how about his girlfriend back home ?
the plot is somewhat predictable ( i knew how it was going to end halfway through ) but this is still a great film !
the first half deals with jim , slim and bull in a small town in france where they meet melisande .
it 's chock full of some very unfunny humor and juvenile antics between the soldiers -- but the romance between jim and melisande really works .
there 's some truly beautiful moments with them -- especially a nighttime scene by a lake .
and the sequence where he says goodbye to her is truly touching .
the second half deals with jim and his buddies in combat .
the war footage is strong and ( for 1925 ) pretty graphic .
it shows the pain and agony of war quite graphically -- but gilbert 's little speech in the foxhole is a bit much ( and gilbert overdoes it ) .
it all does lead up to a happy ending which i liked ... but did n't buy for a minute .
this is all helped along by a beautiful music score done in 1988 .
it really helps the move tremendously .
the direction by king vidor was astonishing -- the battle sequences are exciting ( and harrowing ) and the romantic scenes work equally well .
gilbert is pretty good in the lead -- it 's easy to see why he was such a big star .
adoree is just gorgeous and makes a very beautiful heroine .
dane is just very annoying as slim .
he overacts constantly and he 's the ( un ) funny comic relief -- but he does turn noble at the end .
o'brien is pretty good also .
this was a huge hit in its day ... but is completely forgotten today .
that 's too bad -- it 's truly a great film .
a must see !

1
king vidor 's `` the big parade `` is the biggest blockbuster from the silent era , and , i am told , the movie gold standard to which all others were compared well into the 1930s .
( `` the big parade `` was released in 1925 ) .
the story focuses on three american doughboys , fighting in europe during wwi .
two are working class ; a tobacco spitting riveter , slim , a barkeep , bull , and a ne'er - do-well son of wealth , jim , who was shamed into enlisting by his family .
these three go through the hardships of military training together , bond , and become fast friends .
their friendships deepen after they are shipped to france where jim falls in love with a french farm girl .
this comprises the first half of the 2â 1/2 hour movie .
the second half of the movie is the gritty reality of trench warfare .
some say that this is one of the first big-budget anti-war movies .
i do n't quite agree .
the movie shows the human cost of war without condemning it outright .
remember that wwi was ` the war to end all wars ' , and in 1925 this was still a possibility .
but `` the big parade `` does take an unflinching look at the affect of war on both combatants and non-combatants .
the performances and direction are excellent and silent or not , this is a movie well worth seeing .

1
i just saw the caretaker 's daughter at the silent movie theater in l.a. before a screening of harold lloyd 's hot water .
as with so many of director leo mccarey 's two-reelers ( including a number of laurel and hardy gems ) , this charley chase short is comic perfection .
it starts out as a rather simple comedy of misunderstanding , then escalates to full-blown farce .
mccarey 's light touch is a perfect fit with chase 's everyman persona .
though laugh-out-loud hilarious , the story also makes room for moments of subtle humor .
chase is n't a daredevil physical comedian like his more famous contemporaries , but his priceless reactions and deft timing have definitely stood the test of time .
if you can track down any of his work on video , by all means do so .
if you 're a fan of classic comedy , you wo n't be disappointed .

1
of the charley chase comedies i 've seen , `` the caretaker 's daughter `` is one of the goofiest , funniest , and most effective at taking a comic situation and escalating it to its absurd end point until it becomes completely memorable and absolutely hilarious .
the journey is as enjoyable as the destination , but it should be difficult to forget the sight of this short 's conclusion .
it starts with an excellent sight gag of a car sliding up and down a hill due to its bad brakes , made many times funnier by its transformation into a characteristic chase gag about frustration .
katherine grant plays very well opposite him and helps carry the great sequence where each realizes the other is smeared from blowing on the engine .
the topping gag to the sequence is much enhanced by what come before it -- charley 's use of the principles of comedy in order to be actually funny is pretty much unmatched .
after charley gets himself in trouble with a gangster by pawning off his wrecked car on him , and if wife by accidentally agreeing to drive the girl who 's married to the gangster and dating his boss to a cottage , what follows is a very charley chase variation on the silent comedy canard of the car chase .
instead of actually watching the car chase we find out that five cars full of people angry at each other for mistaken reasons are following each other -- and meet up with them at their destination .
here , chase takes the absurd possibilities engendered by this embarrassing situation and draws them life size for maximum effect .
chase 's brother james , himself the star of a previous series at hal roach , is here in an outlandish costume as the titular caretaker , and advantage is taken of their resemblance when charley disguises himself in the same walrus moustache , round glasses , long trench coat , and chinese hat for a brilliant gag ( recalling a somewhat similar situation involving charley disguised as his brother in his earlier short `` sittin ' pretty `` ) in which the two seem to be the same person serving dinner lightning fast but with endless schizophrenic errors .
eventually , when two more people get the same costume on ( i guess those are all the clothes this odd caretaker owns ) , including hal roach staple james finlayson , who has a small and somewhat uncharacteristic role , all get dressed up in the same costume , we get the immortal sight of four of the same bizarre man being chased around the house .
it must be seen to be believed -- and should be .

1
like his father a generation before , a young californian caballero must fight against treachery & evil in high places .
don q son of zorro was douglas fairbanks ' rousing sequel to his previous hit film , the mark of zorro ( 1920 ) .
much more expansive & elaborate than the first film , fairbanks shows what he 's learned about producing silent swashbucklers in the intervening five years .
mixing history , spectacle & lots of action , doug always gave his audience their money 's worth .
by this point in his career , fairbanks was the absolute master of the swashbuckler .
whether romancing a fair seã±orita , fighting off hordes of enemy swordsmen , or jumping all about the architecture , his infectious grin & superb athletic prowess never fail to charm the viewer .
and here he gets to charm twice , playing both father & son very nicely .
doug is given wonderful support from three excellent character actors : warner oland as a silly austrian archduke whose foolish behavior precipitates the movie 's crisis ; jean hersholt as a social climbing buffoon who gets more than he bargained for ; and vile donald crisp ( who also directed ) as the villain who wants both fairbanks ' life & sweetheart .
although given little to do , mary astor is still a lovely heroine worth the fighting of several duels .
but this remains fairbanks ' film .
his powerful personality & spectacular stunts not only dominate the movie , but also have ensured him an unassailable niche in hollywood history .

1
stan laurel 's character in his early solo films was as different as could be from the dimbulb he played in the laurel and hardy team efforts a few years later .
dr. pickle is one of the genre parodies he was making in the mid twenties with merciless of ` romance ' and ` dramatic acting ' ( if you can , see mud and sand with his devastating parody of valentino ) .
dr. pickle and mr. pryde is the holy grail of laurel films ; it was lost for decades , then a french print turned up in somewhat unsatisfactory video versions .
now it has been beautifully restored with the original titles , which add a great deal of amusement to laurel 's portrayal of pickle ( a veddy , veddy british scientist ) .
but it is his take on john barrymore 's mr. hyde that makes this film a must-have for any comedy buff : laurel is not only hilarious , he is actually scary as he ` menaces ' the town while capering around with clawed hands outstretched ... this film is on an excellent new dvd of laurel 's work .
i just wish they had also included mud and sand ... but this one is worth the price of the double disc set , all by itself .

1
long before laurel was teamed with hardy , stan laurel was a solo act and he made a lot of comedy shorts .
some of them are pretty good when viewed today , but most i have seen are n't all that remarkable -- especially when compared to his contemporaries .
however , i was very pleasantly surprised when i stumbled upon this one .
i had never known that laurel had made a parody of the john barymore classic , dr. jeckyl and mr. hyde .
in many ways it was a very close parody -- with excellent sets and stans pantomiming a silly but easily recognizable version of barymore .
but what really made this film was the excellent writing .
the intertitle cards , for instance , made me laugh and were filled with still funny jokes .
one of the funniest aspects of the film was how stupid all of mr. pride 's evil deeds were ( such as putting a guy 's fingers into a pair of `` chinese handcuffs `` .
and , to make it even funnier , everyone behaved as if he was some evil monster !
plus , there were some wonderful gags ( i particularly liked when his dog drank the formula as well as the very end ) .
all in all , this was a funny and good-natured send-off of dr. jeckyl -- and even better than laurel 's more famous parody , mud and sand .
for fans of silent comedy , this is a must-see !

1
though it 's not a masterwork like `` the general `` , `` go west `` perhaps has more heart than any other keaton film .
`` friendless `` buster , after being literally downtrodden in the big city , heads west , where he finds friendship in the most unlikely of leading ladies -- an equally forsaken little cow named brown eyes .
keaton manages to make this implausible relationship believable , which it has to be , since the logic of the film hinges on it .
pulling off this cinematic magic displays a new and surprising side of keaton 's virtuosity as an actor and director .
i 'd not recommend `` go west `` as a starter film for those not already familiar with buster keaton , but it 's a delightful , poignant and funny piece of work .

1
i have to say i really like this movie because my recently deceased grandfather had this movie on vhs tape and when i watched it i was able to get a huge amount of laughs out of it because of what buster keaton did when he dressed up in the devil costume to get those cows to chase him to the livestock yard .
that was one good movie that should be available for everyone to watch .
i just love how it shows that chase down the streets of that one city when those cows are all stampeding after the man in the costume because of how cows chase red things .
i just wish that tv stations like amc and turner classic movies would show this film over and over again because this is a whole lot better than the films that are released today .

1
... that my ex-wife , whose cultural tastes were developed from `` chips `` reruns and record albums , absolutely adored this classic american tragedy says more than anything else about the inherent power of erich von stroheim 's vision .
that the power remained undiminished after the criminal mangling of the film by louis b. mayer 's stooges for the 1925 release version is also remarkable .
greed is , in short , the quintessential american silent film ...

1
* spoiler alert .
do n't read this if you 've not seen either version ( 1925 ) of `` greed . ``
i must first apologize to chaplin and keaton fans , even perhaps harold l fans .
ditto d.w. griffith fans , since `` birth of a nation `` is still so widely discussed and defended .
i am not trying to make light of the above names ; rather , as i know there are far many more fans of the above than there are von stroheim fans , i merely wish to express my thoughts about my favorite silent , which i also consider the best silent film i have ever seen , `` greed . ``
the four hour version is the one to obtain for the simple reason that it is more representative of stroheim 's original ideas than the earlier version , even if the earlier version has a better background score , which it does .
frank norris 's `` mcteague `` is no `` american classic `` as the introductory part of `` greed `` claims .
still , without the book there would have been no `` greed . ``
( and if `` greed `` had never been made , `` mcteague `` would be long forgotten .
) the film is certainly about what avarice can and has done , and that universal truth helps `` greed , `` the guts of the film , be perpetually fresh .
and remember that the four hour version is still only half of the original .
that this grotesque , disturbing and utterly brilliant film can still be as potent as rattlesnake venom after being halved ( let alone quartered !
) is indeed awe-inspiring .
a few favorite moments from the film i cherish rather than a plot rehash : the scene on the actual vhs box the four hour version of `` greed `` uses .
mcteague and trina sit atop a sewer and are surrounded by filth .
mac produces his concertina ( excellent foreshadowing ; trina is murdered by mac largely because of the concertina , much later in the film ) and asks trina what she might like him to play .
`` hearts and flowers ? ``
she asks .
`` no but .
. ``
and mcteague begins playing `` nearer my god to thee `` ( more foreshadowing ) as the scene slowly dissolves , the concertina the last visible object before the screen goes black and on to another scene .
i lack the writing ability to describe faithfully how mesmerizing this cinematic bazooka of a scene is .
it 's simply magnificent .
a drunken marcus throws a knife at mcteague while both are in a saloon .
this after much name-calling by marcus .
the knife misses , hits and sticks into the wall -- right next to a small ad which reads `` smile , darn ya ! ``
one , that 's a `` meticulous attention to detail `` which hitchcock never came close to ( hitchcock 's alleged `` meticulous attention to detail `` is highly overrated ) and the result of the jackknife bothers mcteague not in the least , even though the flying might have caused serious injury .
however , in the aftermath , mcteague notices that marcus 's action has destroyed his pipe .
mac then becomes a murderous , raging man ; not because of the knife but because of a broken pipe !
this scene is pure stroheim .
a wrestling match : marcus bites through mcteague 's ear .
mcteague promptly breaks marcus 's arm .
the still photo of marcus , one arm dangling uselessly since it is broken , is harrowing and unforgettable .
zerkow and maria miranda .
in the two hour version of `` greed , `` zerkow is never even shown and maria only shown sparingly .
zerkow is already insane with greed , trina is on her way , marcus is more angry at this point than greedy but he , too , succumbs to greed , as does mcteague .
nothing comic here , but the one-legged boy on crutches , trying his best to keep up with a marching funeral is a touch i think only von stroheim would try .
it works .
there is so much more .
if you are looking for traditional beauty , try a film other than `` greed ; `` even though there is plenty of metaphorical beauty in `` greed , `` truly the cinema 's holy grail .

1
completely under seen , under rated and ultimately responsible for the great epic dramas by coppola , scorcese et.al .
this film is silent film making at its powerful best .
unfortunately , it would take forty years of corporate driven drivel with the onset of `` talkies `` until sound direction would match and surpass the genius of von stroheim and this masterful movie .
the images , narrative , and acting of this film will impact you like few movies can .
at a time when griffith was faltering , von stroheim played the 1920 's version of michael cimino when he shot this many , many , hours long masterpiece .
unfortunately , the original director 's cut seems to not exist , except in the land of yore ( there are stories of one cut remaining , only to be shown every ten years or so by variously reported important people throughout the 20th century ) .
the studio knew that a 5-6 plus hour film would not be bankable so they `` took away `` the film from von stroheim .
since we can not see or feel the original films glory ( unlike the modern contemporaries to this film like leone 's `` once upon a time in america `` and coppola 's `` godfather `` and `` now `` , so we have to make do with the hatchet-job studio cut .
and what a wonderful film indeed .
`` greed `` is not simply a drama about a thick-headed , but dangerous dentist and the fortune in gold that leaves him bound and left to his fate in the california desert , but also a powerful chronicle of the fate of immigrants who settled here at the turn of the century , but also the changing of society from downtown to the suburbs .
the location shooting of the film added realism to the film as the entire cast and crew lived in 100 + degree temperature , leading all to the boiling point , as caught on camera skillfully by vs. if you ever get a chance to buy , rent , borrow or steal a copy of greed , and you are a film buff , please take the time , you will have done yourself a considerable favor and watch `` greed .
gibson gowland as `` mcteague `` is incredible , too bad he never found any real work once sound came around , he was wasted in small parts .
von stroheim is a genius , he deserves so much more respect due to his mentorship of the film medium .
as an adaption of frank norris 's `` mcteague , `` `` greed `` is arguably the best book to film adaption ever .
this is another sad comment on film today , novels are being made into movies at a record pace , and today 's film makers can not do a better job than a silent file did 77 years ago .
a true classic ...

1
there was a time , and it was only a few years ago , when i found it difficult to sit through a silent film .
the exaggerated movements and facial expressions and the over-bearing music , i believe , turned me off .
however , that changed drastically when i watched von stroheim 's greed for the first time .
the film , simply put , is immaculate .
the portrayal of mcteague and trina is fantastic .
pitts and gowland , without using their voices mind you , create depth and allow the audience to sympathize with the characters .
silence often acted as a barrier between myself and the characters ; here , that distance is bridged by the two actors and , i must assume , von stroheim 's masterful direction .
yes , the direction is masterful .
i believe describing it as such is entirely accurate .
innovative may go too far , but masterful just about covers it .
the realism ( which shooting on locations benefited ) is something to behold .
this is a story that hollywood would balk at depicting in 2004 ; imagine the row that was had in 1924 .
von stroheim never backs away from his unrelentingly grim vision , reinforcing his theme ( money is evil ) throughout .
and then there is the death valley sequence - one of the most marvelous series of scenes committed to celluloid .
all in all , this is truly a fantastic film - one that has aged , due to its ability to treat grim subject matter as it should , much better than many of its contemporaries .
also , it should be noted , that this represents a fine adaptation of norris ' novel mcteague .
i was a fan of the novel before i saw the film and the film does not disappoint .
von stroheim ensured that the spirit , if not the word , of the novel was maintained .
10/10

1
greed ( 1925 ) was based on a novel that was in the tradition of great long novels like crime and punishment or war & peace .
the director , erich von stroheim wanted to do a faithful adapation of the book mcteague because of his fascination with the theme of greed .
he did do a faithful adaption but ended up paying a stiff price for his drive towards perfection .
marvelous film that is one of the 100 greatest films of all time .
the acting is terrific and the story is compelling to follow .
gibson gowland does a convincing job in the role of dr. mcteague .
like many of the director 's early films , greed ( 1925 ) was severely cut .
original running time of the movie was nine hours .
its a disgrace that we will never see the full cut ever resurface in the theaters or dvd .
one of the best films from the 1920s ( besides metropolis ) to suffer at ridiculus cuts at the hands of the censors and studios .

1
heavily edited mgm release version of stroheim 's 8 hour epic satisfies at 2 and a half hours -- you have to wonder if any extra length would have made it a little better or a little worse .
to be sure , stroheim probably ran the thing pretty slow when he projected it .
authentic detail in locations adds another level of interest , as we get to see parts of san francisco , oakland , and placer county in the early 20s .
the story is dark and involved , detailing the love of two people destroyed by their compulsive greed and neuroses .
there is no moment in its story where the viewpoint is not pessimistic , except the image of dual humanity presented in mcteague 's birds .
exceptional .

1
the audience were not able to access the time ; the lack of humor was an attribute to that as well .
they could n't handle looking at a study of a dramaturgical realistic story .
so accustomed to the likes of arbuckle , mary and so many more , von stroheim was known for how autocratic he was in `` the heart of humanity `` , and this fundamentally changed his image from an immigrant to the bad guy .
the story involves mcteague ( gibson gowland ) , a young boy working in the mines ; his mother puts him under the wing of a dentist , so that he can aspire to something ; he shows an aptitude in it and he is signed up to work in dentist with him .
his friend markus is given his establishing scene , and we see mcteague 's love interest , trina ( zasu pitts ) markus ' cousin ; the way he initially embraces her is just deeply intimate with her before he gives her a procedure and this underlines the depth of the movie .
the grannis characters are another subplot he centers on ; we see how they 're deprived of money and have a lust for it .
there is another subplot involving maria , who is a subject of the same thing ; riddled with money , but incapable of keeping it with the extravaganza she can spend it with and in such high dosages .
trina gets a bootleg of a lottery ticket and she wins $ 5,000 through it ; she then indulges with it and so does mcteague ; however in the duration of their marriage , they idle away , mcteague 's establishment is taken over and he becomes redundant , he becomes a drunken dipsomaniac , lost to hitting his wife and feigning his love for her `` i 'm in a turn `` - he goes for houses near the point , but aware that she is prodigal , they struggle to get one .
from frank norris ' novel , he speaks of the charlatan without respect and rightfully so ; like in `` citizen kane `` and in modern days `` the social network `` , avaricious misers get lost to nothing but dystopia ; what 's fascinating is how von stroheim directs the actors in a very but really brutal way .
the golden tooth that mcteague finds is his `` jewel `` and he gives it back to the person who owns his dentist establishment .
the movie is just brilliant !
it is even reconstructed through panels of images in a lot of parts to constitute to its length , but the metaphors , like a metaphor for gluttony when stroheim makes everybody at the wedding gorge their selves on food is just a sense that he is truly trying to make us feel this concept sensuously .
they are unable to change their house ... mcteague gorging into his money is then the real focal point of the movie .
it chronicles the mans troubles and instincts at wealth , and even turning on the people that blossom his life .
even when he negotiates with his friend to take her out of his tutelage , you feel a genuine sense of self indulgence .
from what the movie says in its intertitles for exposition , she does have a baby as well .
however , now on to why i love it : i love it because stroheim 's brass , bleak and uncompromising reality very much challenges that of our own intrinsic qualities , but dramatised so far that it becomes an extension of the deeper and inhumane ; themes so associated now a days , but never done quite as well .
frank norris said ( paraphrased ) that he was trying to show this in his novel .
also the cross cutting of stroheim as he utilizes a cat 's face and puts it frame by frame to the redundancy of mcteague is deliberately off key ; when looking into it is also a rapacious prey looking for its scraps of food as well .
like in `` birth of a nation `` where griffith uses a cat and a dog to portray hostility , stroheim is akin to that in that scene .
from the very beginning mcteague drunk heartily in celebrations ; the pain of his fall makes it all the more unbearable .
but withering to the idea established , it fits appropriately .
the movie has a certain core that fits tightly into it ; it 's like a painting , created with the strokes of fervor , only to simplify the intricate idea of life , hindsight or just the wholehearted desires .
the thing is the grannis , marie and all had it coming in hindsight and this is what is , maybe not endearing , but rather hard hitting .
i like chaplin and so on , but they do n't have this type of awe-inspiring effect that `` greed `` has on me ; inspiring `` sunset `` on a way and imbuing an unfortunate legacy as being the most sought out gem of the silent era .
however , the version i had was 3hrs and i would recommend getting this one ; it 's a hard dvd to locate , but it is possible to get one ; you just have to scrutinize the internet and there you will most likely find a copy .
for what ever it costs , this movie is definitely warranted for repeated viewings ; the `` movie `` should n't even be deemed a movie .
it should be deemed a relic from a time , lurking underneath the `` golden mines `` it seems ; the film fanatics all want to excavate it , and collect it , and i was in the same position because i dislike watching movies on the internet .
but for all it 's worth , turner classic movies have done a sublime job at this .
brutally passionate and uncompromising , `` greed `` is a movie that should n't be dismissed ; not by anybody with any serious output to cinema ; it 's there as a personal statement for both stroheim ( i think ) in his extravagant budgets for movies ( this one cost $ 500,000 ) and what cinema can do to our manipulation as a spectator ; the length only proves that he was really trying to do a story with turns and twists and by doing so has fleshed it out to embrace the suspense .

1
i just finished watching the recent reconstruction of this film that was commissioned by tcm a couple of years ago .
everyone knows the history of this film , at least everyone who 's ever heard of it .
von stroheim 's first cut was about nine and a half hours long .
mgm , of course , could n't release such an enormous monster .
no one would be willing to sit down for that long in a theater except maybe erich von stroheim !
they demanded that he cut it , and he complied .
the second cut was around four hours long .
still to long , mgm shouted .
they took it away from him and cut it down to around two and a half hours , which was still fairly long for the time , though not unprecedented ( think d.w. griffith ) .
von stroheim was outraged .
because of this film , and also other films that he attempted to make in the same era , he was eventually disallowed ever to direct another film in hollywood .
of course , he made at least two memorable appearances as an actor , first in jean renoir 's the grand illusion and then in billy wilder 's sunset blvd . .
for years , the 2.5 hour version of greed circulated .
from what i can tell , it was much beloved , but somewhat difficult to follow .
cineastes pray to god that the missing reels are someday found , but the hope is never strong , because that would be quite impossible .
but now this new version exists , with missing pieces filled in by publicity stills .
it can actually be quite confusing , especially in the first half or so .
i still want to see the 2.5 hour cut sometime , so i can see what was dropped and see if the remaining film is coherent .
it took me a long time , at least an hour and a half , to start to appreciate greed .
four hours is quite an investment , and i was growing weary for a long while .
but after a certain point the film just gets better and better .
the film is basically a long melodrama .
a man and a woman get married .
we experience their trials and their hardships .
both of these characters are overcome with greed .
the wife becomes a miser .
she has won $ 5000 in a lottery , but she demands that it stay in the bank and accumulate interest .
meanwhile , she and her husband go poor with that money sitting idle .
the husband , on the other hand , spends every nickle he has as soon as he gets a hold of it .
elsewhere , we are given two more examples of the effects of money on people .
a mexican woman ( the one who sells the wife the lottery ticket ) drives a junkyard manager , her husband , wild with mythic stories of hidden treasures .
in another subplot , an old man learns that his hobby is worth something and he gets $ 5000 , enough to court his neighbor , an aging , unmarried woman .
these subplots will not be found in the original cut of the film .
by the end of the long journey , i realized that i absolutely loved greed .
i immediately began to pray that someday every meter of the film will be recovered .
i know it 'll be a fruitless hope , but there are worse things to wish for !
10/10 .

1
i 've only given one vote of 10 on this database .
.
guess which film got it .
having read the frank norris novel , and seen the truncated but still astonishing remains of von stroheim 's masterpiece , i can understand perfectly why the full version is the most sought after of all lost films .
actors who use the screen instead of acting as if they are on a stage , camera work that moves lightly through the script , lighting that tells the story instead of complimenting the lead actress , it 's all done well here .
the titles , i understand , were inserted to fill gaps left by the editing and do n't work well , but it 's a minor carp .
just screen any other silents made before it , and it quickly becomes apparent that this is the real thing .

1
greed is one of the best films of the silent era , and , probably , one with the best ending that i 've seen in my life .
the scenes in the death valley are simply unforgettable .
you keep on remembering them weeks after seeing the film .
stroheim here proves that he was indeed a great director .
altough the whole movie do n't hold up as well as in the final scenes ( something almost impossible ) , we can see many scenes of pure talent .
the opening scenes , presenting mcteague to us , are very beautiful and they illustrate perfectly his character .
the actors are very good , too .
seeing the movie as it is now , i think that it was a blessing that irving thalberg has reduced the film from its previous 9 hours to 140 minutes .
it would , probably , be too much for the audience .
9 hours is always too much , even if the film is greed .
but , i admit it , a few more scenes wouldn â´ t hurt us as well .

1
there are no words on any modern language to express what this film represents .
it 's one of the fewest moments in the history of the movies where you 'll find the human being so raw and savage .
this is not just a film about greed and avarice , but also about marriage , friendship , betrayal , insanity , instincts , power and several other aspects of the human nature .
i heard of it for the first time on an essay about orson welles ' `` the magnificent ambersons `` , where the author compared both of them because of the studios ' of them against the directors ' cuts .
i started to get interested on `` greed `` after the release of the afi 's 100 films of the century , and the upset criticisms about the of stroheim 's classic on the list .
i just had to see it .
before i even saw the film , i read frank norris ' `` mcteague `` and a lot of essays about `` greed `` , but the film experience overwhelmed every expectation i had , and proved that even this truncated version is a masterpiece for all generations to contemplate .

1
nearly all reviews tend to begin talking about erich von stroheim 's film greed in reviewing its length , and its controversy at the studio and how now we either can see a version that is 4 hours long and uses some intermittent production stills and title cards , or a 2 hour version that is the most complete version available that contains moving footage .
it 's inevitable , in fact , because what von stroheim did was create a great film at any length ; it 's important to not overestimate the value of what remains , since , frankly , this is what people still rave about 85 years after it was produced .
it could be 5 minutes and i 'd want to see it again , and again , and maybe again .
hell , just give me that final death valley sequence and i 'm a happy cinema camper forever .
what remains of that of cinematic folklore , the `` `` , is a 132 minute sliver on the corruption of the human spirit .
greed is never less than compelling : it 's about a failed named john mcteague ( unforgettable screen presence gibson gowland ) who gets a job by the prodding of his mother as a dentist in san francisco .
enter in marcus ( jean hersholt ) and his girl trina ( equally unforgettable , for better or worse , zasu pitts ) who comes in to get her teeth fixed .
she does , and during the operation mcteague gives her a kiss .
when marcus finds out he 's not happy , but he relents - he can have her , and very soon after , though somewhat reluctantly , mcteague and trina get married .
but there 's a certain catch : trina has by true stroke of luck won $ 5,000 from a lottery ticket ( and this is five grand in 1906 money which is ... a lot , i take it from this film ) , and decides to hold on to the money ... and then never spend a dime of it .
she has all this gold and does n't know what to do with it , except being stingy .
as this may puzzle some 21st century people who wonder why a woman would hold on to her huge lot of money , today to hundreds of thousands , the answer is only given as that it 's in her nature to save - which then turns into an obsession , her eyes growing wider and every day , with von stroheim inserting in vicious , incredible images of skeletal arms reaching in and bony hands and fingers grasping gold coins .
all of this , of course , does n't bode well on mr. mcteague , especially when faced with it being found out he has no license as a dentist , and loses his job .
to say it gets worse from there for the unhappily married couple is putting it lightly .
what von stroheim does with his dramatic crux in greed is to make everything authentic in the exterior sense - everything was shot on location in san francisco and , yes , death valley - and then to make the characterizations of mcteague , trina and marcus into such sad , grotesque but very human figures that it goes beyond the usual boundaries of melodrama .
some of their facial expressions and their acting may be so very over-the-top and even for a frightening but somehow cute pitts kind of hokey , but they always work for whatever scene is required , be it a drunken mcteague badgering the and obsessive trina for the gold coins , or marcus 's never-ending grudge against mcteague for taking away `` his `` woman who , ironically , wo n't give his man a penny of the earnings .
like future essential chronicles on the nature of the title subject like treasure of the sierra madre and there will be blood , wealth becomes a state of mind for its characters , but since these are not bourgeois people used to having loads of money it blows head .
would the characters know what to even do with it all if they could hold on to it long enough ?
von stroheim may be a somewhat crueler and definitely more pessimistic person on this matter than even huston or anderson ( the ending also makes the desert scene in the good , the bad , and the ugly look like care bears in comparison ) , and it 's because the drama is at such a pitch of the maddening and bizarre and sad that it stays so pungent to this day .
and all this , i should say again , in only a quarter of its original running time .
to be more controversial than anyone else might be , as a compromise it may have served von stroheim well to at least have something of a full-length film by the end of it all .
this is not to say mayer was the hero in this story , and any given movie-lover will feel a sense of sympathy for the film not unlike the magnificent ambersons or metropolis .
but the legacy of greed remains not on its cult status as a deformed thing but a work of artistic wonder , a monumental shriek to that all encompassing bastard of the title .
anyone who loves a good silent film would do well to seek out any version , save maybe for that on an ipod .

1
mourn if you will lost films ; mourn partially lost films that rock the house even more so .
originally about eight hours long , the executives at new film studio mgm ( through which greed was released ) demanded that it be cut to be two hours .
the cut footage was lost .
furthermore , the remaining footage flopped at the boxoffice .
years later , this footage was preserved , and put on video , but the search for that lost footage continues .
this december , a new video release is being put and with all gold objects in the film tinted yellow !
what a treat to silent movie fans !
this was the first silent film i saw , and still one of the best .
in fact , most film buffs say that this film is one of the best .
why was it ignored in 1925 , then ?
1925 was the height of the jazz age .
greed is a very depressing movie .
early 20th century woman marries a dentist somewhat against her will and the couple wins $ 5,000.00 .
this money causes their friend to become jealous , and the wife tries to hoard the gold and hide it from her husband .
after she dies , the estranged widower ... i wo n't give away the ending .
= ) but such a beautiful , meticulous film , this is .
and a great , moving musical score , too .
seek out the remastered version coming out soon , but see it as is now .
you 'll love this film , and it shows funny girl zasu pitts in a rare dramatic role .
she does a fantastic job !

1
i do n't know many times i 've seen this .
along with everyone else , i agree that the full version must have been powerful beyond words , but what we have here is probably the best possible product of the nearly impossible task of reduction .
for that , i 'm profoundly thankful .
there were several parallel stories in the original script , some rather interesting , a few of not much interest at all .
the major story of mcteague and his wife is the strongest and we can only guess ( through the version we have now ) what was going on around the central characters .
in this respect , the truncated version is acceptable , given the time frame .
this film was presented on television with stills and narrative inter-titles from the original and it was n't really very successful .
the rhythm was askew , of course , and things did n't `` gel `` at all .
my big gripe is that this should be available on dvd .
why the ?
curtis stotlar

1
i saw this silent film at the sf silent film festival in 2004 as well , and it was the highlight of the festival for me .
norma shearer at her best , and monta bell absolutely brilliant .
i was amazed by how the narrative was so well told through multiple simple , powerful visual moments , and succinct , thoughtful words .
the print was beautiful and crisp .
i hope this film comes out on dvd .
it 's a silent film that is so subtle , contemporary , and accessible that it defies some stereotypes of silent films as overly dramatic gesturing fests .

1
buck jones is a huge surprise in this 1925 silent , playing a rural man who lives with his mother ( edythe chapman ) and is known as lazybones .
frank borzage 's delicate film ( beautifully shot ) shows the true of a man no one really knows .
he sits around and fishes , neglecting chores and a local girl ( jane novak ) who is in love with him , much to the relief of her battle-axe mother ( emily fitzroy ) .
the one day , her sister ( zasu pitts ) returns from the city , where she was married to a sailor who has been lost at sea .
she also has a baby .
knowing that no one in small-town america will believe she had been married , she sets down the baby and jumps into the river .
lazybones sees her and jumps in to save her .
she tells him her story and they concoct a plan whereby he will claim to have found the baby and she can return home alone in a few days .
of course the town turns on him and the baby girl , but lazybones holds to his promise while pitts is consigned to marry a local jerk .
even the sister turns on lazybones and says she 'll never speak to him again .
the years pass .
as world war i approached , lazybones goes off the war while the baby kit ( madge bellamy ) is now about 15 .
lazybones inadvertently becomes a war hero and returns to a town that has still never quite forgiven him .
kit now has a boyfriend ( leslie fenton ) .
lazybones realizes he is in love with kit and just as quickly realizes how many of their lives have changed over the years .
jones is terrific .
he usually starred in westerns and for a time rivaled william s. hart in popularity .
here he has a chance at a part that requires a delicate mix of drama and comedy .
zasu pitts is fantastic as the tragic ruth .
best know for her fluttery old maids , here she turns in a solid dramatic performance .
also good are bellamy , novak , and chapman .
a special word is needed for fitzroy , who along with josephine crowell , ranks among the major of the silent era .
a final word on buck jones .
he was still going strong in 1942 , starring in b westerns when he was caught in the famous coconut grove fire in boston .
he died two days later .

1
it 's the turn of the century in the middle of nowhere .
buck jones stars as rube steve tuttle , a man who is the very definition of bone idle .
he 's a nice honest guy but he 'd much rather be chewing on an ear of corn with a hat over his face than doin ' much of anything .
for some reason a lovely young lady called agnes is sweet on him , but he 'd rather catch forty than go ' .
there 's a brash annoying fellow called elmer who is referred to by an intertitle as being a `` beau brummel `` type , and he is well dressed and well-to-do but that 's about the sum of the man .
agnes ' ma , rather a wicked witch type of character straight of the set of the wizard of oz prefers elmer to steve .
for sure , if she could sweep him into the river she would .
to add a dash of zing to the film agnes ' sister ruth turns up with a baby .
she went away to college and married a nautical fellow on the sly .
unfortunately the sea took him from her .
ruth knows that her mother will never believe the story .
on the way home she ditches herself in the river and frank hooks more than he bargained for lazing in the y of a tree with his fishing rod .
he agrees to look after the baby , so that ruth can go home and pretends that nothing has happened .
and that 's how he spends the next few years , ' away and bringing up `` kit `` .
borzage allows us the usual tender moments here .
as in lucky star , come the great war , the protagonist ( almost an oxymoron in this case ) heads off to france , where he becomes a war hero by total chance .
this movie is about the passing of time though .
steve returns from france and time has moved on , his boots do n't fit , and the sticking gate which he always meant to fix has been fixed by a young man who carries his kit away .
this is the part of the movie that really is a punch in the gut .
steve , inept at love through inexperience and sheer idleness falls in love with his adoptive daughter whom he ca n't have .
the last scenes were like a roundhouse to the jaw for me .
just after we 've quite literally seen the hay wain of life pass a agnes by , we see frank catching the tiniest fish in the gulch .
that i think is major cinema .
there are momentous hardcore existential messages pouring off the screen during the reversal at the end of the film .
at it 's heart it is a movie about the sheer folly of letting life slip idly by .
steve , one might feel , deserved some reward for bringing kit up , however in a nice guy comes last world , things like that do n't happen .
you have to seize life and in particular the girl to get anything out of it .
my apologies for the spoilers , almost impossible to discuss the movie sensibly without them .

1
lon chaney , ( dr. ziska ) plays the role of a mad scientist who takes over a sanitarium full of lunatics and removes all the professional staff and begins to use the mental patients as his helpers in getting him bodies for his experiments .
johnny arthur , ( johnny ) plays the role as a sissy or pansy and has a great attraction for betty watson , ( gertrude olmstead ) who also seems attracted to him also .
johnny is also studying to become a detective and to prove himself as a successful crime expert .
there is plenty of creepy looking characters and secret panels all over dark looking homes .
the great actor , lon chaney gave an outstanding performance in a very great silent film from 1925 and there was also plenty of laughs .
do n't miss this great film classic .
enjoy

1
a belittled clerk uses his ingenuity as an amateur detective to track down the monster responsible for some rather eerie recent disappearances .
this is a wonderfully creepy silent film .
with very good acting & excellent production values courtesy of mgm , it is too bad this movie is not better known .
the large amounts of humor help to lighten the load considerably and are very welcome .
the master , lon chaney , adds another portrait to his gallery of grotesques .
slyly underplaying his character and letting his marvelous face act for him , chaney more than makes up for the fact that his role is rather small .
it is certainly ironic that this gentle man & terrific actor should be remembered principally for his bizarre & monstrous creations .
comic johnny arthur receives co-star billing with chaney and he deserves it , since he carries the bulk of the action .
he does a fine job with his character , giving him backbone & spunk rather than allowing any milquetoast tendencies to ever predominate .
with the coming of sound , arthur would perfect a nervous , whiny persona .
he made his last screen appearance in 1951 , the year of his death at the age of 68 .
special kudos should be given to walter james , knute erickson & george austin for their strong support as a trio of very odd lunatics , all quite different & memorable .
the monster is considered by many to be the first in a long line of mad doctor films .
it is also a prime example of the old dark house genre of spook stories .
it certainly has many of the elements : a crumbling edifice , a distressed young lady , escaped madmen , bony hands appearing from hidden panels , secret passageways and sudden death .
the old dark house has for long years been a respected avenue in literature & movies to maximize suspense & tension .
indeed , it 's only a short walk from the edwards sanitarium in this film to wuthering heights , baskerville hall , manderley & the bates house ...

1
this is one of keaton 's absolute best comedies and a superb example of clever invention - in narrative , in gag development , and in the use of composition and editing to achieve comedic effects .
among the unforgettable moments are : the trip from the country club to his sweetheart 's home and back by hopping in a car and letting the backgrounds dissolve .
the marriage proposal response from the balcony of the country club .
the stairway proposal - one going up and one coming down .
the hatcheck girl 's response to her proposal .
jean arthur 's bit part as `` miss smith . ``
the proposal while driving and the resultant encounter with a tree .
the ethnic mistake .
the barber with the dummy heads .
the julian eltinge error .
the race of expectant brides to reach the church .
the clocks in a shop window of different times .
the ladies ' absorption of the bricks .
the football field invasion .
the turtle on buster 's tie .
the entire twenty minute concluding chase , especially with the onslaught of the rocks .
kino 's print is the best of all the keaton films they have , clear , sharp and flawless .
this metro-goldwyn feature only lasts for 56 minutes but it seems to whiz by in even shorter time than that .
the score is one for violin , piano and drums .
although much is made of the short opening two-strip technicolor scenes - four of them - in this print it is a red wash - no color at all .
the rest of the film is beautifully tinted .
do n't miss this one - a great great comedy .

1
seven chances is one of buster keaton 's comedic masterpieces from the mid-1920 's .
it has been beautifully restored by kino for both the vhs and dvd versions , with a lovely compilation of an attractive musical score by robert israel ; a technicolor beginning , and tints .
a most enjoyable film , and worth every dime if you buy it .
look for a young , pert jean arthur in a bit part as the secretary , without her customary blond curls .
jimmie ( buster keaton ) is a young stockbroker who has gotten into financial difficulties with his partner billy .
when jimmie learns a rich grandfather has died and left him 7 million dollars in his will it looks like jimmie 's troubles may be over .
but there is a catch : jimmie must marry by 7pm on the evening of his 27th birthday , which is the same day he is notified of the possible windfall .
he asks his girlfriend mary to marry him , and she says yes , but then he bungles the proposal when he tells her the reason why he must marry her `` today `` .
no girl likes to think she is being married just to obtain a fortune , and mary spurns jimmie .
this leads to jimmie 's partner billy convincing him he must marry `` some girl `` , since he owes it to their friendship and partnership to obtain the money to salvage their business .
the madness then ensues , where jimmie proposes to every female in sight , including famous female impersonator julian eltinge .
the second half of the film is buster 's brainchild entirely , and will have you laughing non-stop , as jimmie escapes the wrath of an entire city of thwarted brides , who all wanted a shot at his 7 million and were denied .
the most famous shots are the scenes , invented by buster , but there are many other deliciously funny moments as well , and a suitable , happy ending , complete with a dalmation 's kisses .
see seven chances before you pass on .
you owe it to yourself .
: ) one final note : a previous commentator here wrote that buster did not care for his seven chances .
that is not quite true .
the business situation surrounding the planning of the film did not suit him , since the vehicle was chosen for him by joseph schenck , and he preferred to do his own material , but buster did have creative control over the 2nd half of the film , and it shows .
when the film was restored and re-shown starting in the 1960 's , before his death , buster keaton was able to realize how much of a crowd pleaser this film was , and he changed his mind about it .
if you are a student of the 1920 's and love comedy , you will find lots to love in seven chances .
it 's sweet .

1
i had never seen a buster keaton movie before this one ; now , i only wish i had n't missed so much of the local keaton film fest .
this film was unlike anything i 'd ever seen before -- a jaw-dropping of hilarity and acrobatic skill .
you want to sit there , stunned at the stunts buster pulls , but it 's so hilarious , you absolutely ca n't stop laughing .
it 's simply a good movie for about 45 minutes ; then , the last 15 are incomparable .

1
this is one of buster keaton 's greatest movies , and i most positively think that it is .
just look what he did to it , he changed it from a failed broadway play into this very successful and absolutely hysterical comedy classic that is one of my all time favorite movies , it is also my second favorite that buster keaton made , my favorite with him is the general .
i thought that this movie was totally a laugh fest , especially the scenes with the rocks !
i remember when i first saw the scene with him trying to avoid all of those rocks rolling after him , i thought that i was going to die , because i was just laughing and laughing my head off !
i just mentioned that my favorite buster keaton film is the general , but this one runs a close second !
overall , this is a buster keaton film that is very laugh out-loud hysterical and riot filled !
if you have not seen this movie yet , then you should , because you are just going to be laughing and laughing yourself to death !
well as usual in a lot of buster keaton movies , he gets the girl in the end and all turns out very well for him !
this movie is very hysterical , this is another must see for all of you who are big fans of buster keaton !
10/10

1
of all the silent comedies , this is easily my favourite .
move over , charlie chaplin fans , and acknowledge that buster keaton is the real master of physical comedy !
the finale , where buster is running down a mountain side as he 's being bombarded by big boulders from a rock slide , is jaw-dropping hilarious .
a must-see .
p.s . avoid the 1999 remake .
an insult to the original .

1
buster keaton stars in one of his best silent features as a businessman who must marry by 7 pm to inherit $ 7m .
the trouble is he has trouble committing .
the story is preface by showing his lingering engagement to a girl ( ruth dwyer ) but nothing ever happens .
he races to her house to finally pop the question ( and inherit the money ) but he blurts out nonsense and she says no .
so with partner and lawyer in tow ( t. roy barnes and snitz edwards ) they go to the country club where buster sees 7 women he knows .
they all say no .
so barnes takes out an ad in the paper ; this attracts every woman in town .
the scene is brilliantly set up with buster falling asleep at the church while the scenes cut back to the oncoming brides , first just one here and one there , and then hordes of brides coming from every direction .
keaton wakes up in church and spies the hundreds of rides .
he runs away with hundreds upon hundreds of brides in full chase .
no one could run like keaton and he takes full advantage of his athleticism here as he races across the city to dwyer 's house with the brides in pursuit .
nothing can resist the forces of the pack of brides , all done up in makeshift veils and hats .
they plow down a college football team , leaving the boys trampled .
next they disperse a squad of cops who run for their lives from the horde .
finally buster is running down a hill in a famous sequence in which the boulders start to avalanche down after him .
they get bigger and bigger as they cascade down after him .
at the bottom of the hill awaits a pack of brides but they are chased off by the boulders .
buster finally makes it to dwyer 's house but the time seems to be up ... hilarious film and one of my favorite silent comedies .
the sight of the city streets teaming with bride is just too funny .
they come in all ages and shapes and sizes and colors and most of them are actually men but it is just one of the great sight gags of all time .
jean arthur plays the office operator .
louise carver is the lead bride .
and constance talmadge has a cameo but i did n't spot her .
the copy i have starts out with a red-tinted scene and then turns to a beautiful crisp and clear sepia color .
great film .

1
this is an incredible rarity - a look at native americans from their first settling on this continent ( basket weavers , slab builders , cliff dwellers , etc . ) through the then present day of post ww i. richard dix is exceptionally good in his finest performance as nophaie , the tribe 's leader and lois wilson is equally fine as the schoolmarm .
their inter-racial love is impeccably handled .
noah beery lends his usual charming menace as the villain .
the screenplay is unique , balancing opposing points of view and the cinematography is breath-taking .
had there been oscars then , i 'd have it for best film , actor - dix , direction - seitz , screenplay and cinematography .
currently available on kino video in an impeccably restored print - add this to your collection .
a most unique film and worthy of rediscovery .

1
i was extremely blessed to see the u.s. television debut of visages d'enfants on turner classic movies .
my god , this was a masterpiece .
why ca n't contemporary films be half as good ?
the children were superb !
the acting was magnificent .
i thought jean forest was astonishing as jean .
such superb acting from a 12 year old .
his performance in the first five minutes of the film is exquisite .
i thought arlette , portraying jean 's step-sister was magnificent as well .
i was just depressed to learn that this was her only film !
how unfortunate .
she had star written all over her .
the adult actors are wonderful .
i loved rachel devirys portrayal of the step-mother .
such love and grace in that performance .
the scenery ( all shot on location in the alps ) is glorious .
this was a perfect film .
the music was heavenly .
please see this film .

1
excellent and moving silent film following the story of a young boy who has trouble coping with the sudden loss of his mother followed by his father 's remarriage .
in the village of , in the swiss alps , the film opens in the parlor of a house where the coffin of the dead mother is brought down the stairs before the whole village including grief-stricken father and especially upset son , jean .
the daughter , pierrette , seems too young to understand what is going on as she blows soap bubbles and plays with her doll ( and in fact is actually told by a neighbor lady that her mama is `` on a trip `` ) .
jean now prays each night to a large photograph of his mother , which is prominently perched right above his pillow - he even imagines her coming to life as she smiles down on him .
every sunday , father and son place flowers on her grave , but the father soon meets a local widow and her daughter arlette , and before you know it dad stops visiting mama 's grave and comes to the decision he will remarry .
but he decides that jean is just too sensitive to be told the news and recruits the boy 's to take him out of town while the marriage takes place , then tell the boy and send him back when the new family is safely in the household - h 'm , kind of an odd plan , it seems to me , just leaving the boy out of everything ( he does n't even get to attend the wedding - and the whole village is there !
) .
anyway , when jean gets back he immediately gets into a fight with new step-sister arlette .
now i was expecting some real problems with the new mom perhaps treating him badly in the way of the often seen evil movie stepmother - but she is actually very kind , gives lots of love and encouragement in trying to join these two families together as one family , and even seems to treat all the kids equally .
but the fighting continues between jean and arlette , mostly caused by jean who tries to exclude arlette from playing with them and seems to like to pull pranks on her involving her doll , which he eventually pushes off the family horse and cart into the snow - all leading to a possible tragedy as arlette is caught in an avalanche .
this is a terrific film , very well photographed and very scenic , visually like a gorgeous picture postcard .
an effective scene during the funeral procession features rapid cutting between the boy 's face and the coffin - another scene looks like it came straight out of `` heidi `` as jean and arlette are at the top of a mountain surrounded by the peaks of the alps and a herd of goats .
the acting in this film is natural and very well done by all - the kids are particularly good , their faces expressively showing every thought , especially jean forest , who plays jean , who gives a really top-notch and memorable performance .
the tinted print of this looked very nice for the most part , the orchestral score suits the film well and at times is extremely good .
a remarkable and beautiful film - a treat to see .

1
now i 'm not usually one who particularly gravitates to films centred on domestic and family drama .
for instance , i ever really warmed at all to `` a tree grows in brooklyn `` or `` life with father `` .
so i was not predisposed towards towards the french film , `` faces of children `` .
but after a few minutes the film caught me .
far from being a nostalgic picture of childhood , i feel that this film is a study of the various `` faces `` of `` `` as they manifest themselves in the actions and motives of the two main children .
it opens with the funeral of pierre 's wife .
pierre has two children , a sensitive boy .
jean and his little sister , pierrette played by jean forest and pierrette respectively .
jean 's reactions during the funeral clearly show how deeply he loves and misses his mother .
thus , when the father remarries a widow with one daughter -lcb- -rcb- jean 's problems begin .
during the initial movement of the plot .
we are surely very sympathetic towards the boy .
but as the story progresses my feelings change and i begin to pity who is treated shabbily and cruelly by jean .
the dysfunctional relationship is developed through a series of scenes dominated by the gratuitous cruelty of jean .
it is a face of childhood which contrasts to the gentle and sensitive side we see dramatised so poignantly in the first part of the film .
during most of the film , we can not help but share the deep hurt and anguish of little -lcb- another face of childhood -rcb- .
throughout the various incidents , the stepmother 's character is developed beautifully .
she is never presented as the cause of jean 's distress , rather we see a sensitive , gentle , woman filled with a sweet maternal love .
she makes persistent attempts to win jean 's love and he never really responds .
rather , he torments and fuels their mutual hatred .
before you think that i am demonizing jean , much of his anguish springs from a feeling that his dead mother has been disrespected by the action of his father 's remarriage .
he finds himself moved to a small room in the back and at one point discovers that the second mrs intends to take some of his mother 's clothes and make them into dresses for the girls .
of course , he freaks out .
of course he demonizes his stepsister -- she 's an easy and obvious target .
still , jean , too , is only a child and is not fully aware of his irrational behaviour or the serious consequences that finally flow from it .
but in the end he must recognize this if he wishes to grow , he must face his own demons .
he does so , and anyone who watches the ending of this film without their eyes up must have a heart of stone !

1
first of all , i do n't quite understand why all these people have been saying this is a `` lesser `` film by keaton !
i think it 's a fast energetic and hilarious film , that shows keaton to be in fine form !
now , when i called this film my favorite by keaton some might , that 's not the `` correct `` choice .
one must say they love `` the general `` or `` sherlock jr. `` while i do think both films are great and funny .
but there 's something about this one that i enjoy just a bit more .
i like the film 's spirit .
as everyone mentions there are several funny moments in this film .
if your a keaton fan , you should definitely see this one .
if you 've never seen a keaton film , i personally think this is a wonderful place to start .
**** out of ****

1
although robbed of its delightful songs by douglas ( lyrics ) and philip ( music ) , `` battling butler `` more than makes up for this unavoidable lapse by casting one of our favorite character players , snitz edwards , in a major role .
he is wonderful ; and it 's to keaton 's credit , both as a fellow comic and as the director , that he allows snitz to steal many of his scenes .
in fact , keaton and edwards make a great comedy team .
except for one or two sequences , they do n't play against each other , they play with each other -- a feat that is more difficult to bring off successfully .
following the construction of the stage musical , the film splits neatly into two halves .
tom wilson 's harassed trainer , who expertly pits himself against the seemingly hopeless keaton , supplies much of the comedy in the second half until the star unexpectedly turns the tables in a grand climax especially written for the film .
in the play , the mcdonald character simply drops out and does n't return at all .
it could be said that the stage musical actually ends on rather a limp note plot-wise , but this problem has now been neatly licked .
doubtless due to the fact that comic fight scenes have been done to death by just about every comedian you could name in sound films , `` battling butler `` is not wholly prized among keaton addicts , but i regard it as one of his best outings .

1
not a dull moment awaits the viewer in beau geste .
quite honestly , it 's never boring .
the great action scenes , great story telling , superb acting , fabulous art direction and amazing camerawork hold it up just as well today as in 1926 .
now , i 'm not a fan of sweeping epics .
i , for one , hate david lean 's work with a passion .
but in the silent days , many a great epic film was made , and this in one of them .
probably the most incredible thing is the sheer size of this movie .
the opening scenes of the french troops advancing toward the fort , or later with the arabs doing the same thing , are astounding .
unlike in lean 's work , where crowds of chattering background players rush about in every direction , director herbert skillfully weaves his literal army of extras over the sand dunes , obviously going to great lengths to ensure that he gets a breathtaking shot .
and cinematographer roy hunt captures it impeccably , only as an artist would .
i 'd like to see more of his .
i saw this movie last night in a restored silent movie theater with live organ accompaniment .
the organist , the incredible dennis james , mentioned that some audience members might feel that they had seen this film before , only that they thought that it was with gar cooper .
i have n't seen that version , but apparently it 's almost a shot-for-shot remake .
i 'd love to see it if it 's even half as good as this one .

1
i was delighted to see ronald colman in the first silent that i 've had the pleasure to watch him in !
the cast is excellent , and the plot device of starting the movie at almost the end of the story , and going back in time to solve the mystery is unusual for the time and well conceived .
the plot revolves around three brothers , their love for each other , and a missing family jewel called `` the blue water . ``
the jewel is taken at the beginning of the movie , and colman 's character , the eldest geste brother , michael ( beau ) , is believed to be the culprit .
the mystery of who took the priceless jewel and why , is solved as the story slowly unfolds with each brother joining the french foreign legion .
the desert shooting in this film is supposed to be some of the best ever photographed and the director , herbert brenon manages the legionaries and arabs treks across the desert splendidly !
a fine cast with neil hamilton ( digby geste ) , ralph forbes ( john geste ) , alice joyce ( lady patricia brandon ) , noah berry ( sgt . ) , and william powell ( boldini ) go all out !
this film is silent film making at it 's best and rarely misses a beat !
it will keep your attention from start to finish and is one of those films that must be watched closely in order not to miss out on the plot development and fine nuances of the characters .
i have n't yet viewed the remake with gary cooper , but it apparently follows almost verbatim with the original , which is the greatest of compliments !

1
regarding the above title , i must digress here for a moment , for it reminds me of one of the best laurel and hardy short subjects `` beau hunks `` ; obviously a takeoff on beau geste .
hardy , with laurel in his footsteps ( excuse the pun here ) , joins the foreign legion to forget -- believe it or not -- gorgeous jean harlow , and still carries her autographed picture with him wherever he goes .
this great little film ends with searching the captured arab chieftain who , under his surrenders an assortment of knives , then pleads not to take his last possession , which turns out to be the very same jean harlow photo .
but to get on with beau geste .
i have just obtained ( with considerable effort ) a vhs of this 1926 version , and while of disappointing quality , is still far better than nothing , especially to this writer , who has had a lifelong fascination with the legion and a regret that i was not also able to wear the `` blanc `` .
other user comments here describe the film commendably , so instead , while i do n't consider it nit-picking , i would still like to comment and question a few of the differences in the 1926 and 1939 versions .
unfortunately the 1926 film is silent with only organ accompaniment , nevertheless the film itself is exceptionally well done considering it is now all of 81 years young .
a good print would be a joy to see .
why , for instance , did the 1939 version have a villain `` gussie `` playing off against the young geste 's , but no gussie character in the 1926 film ?
i did read beau geste many years ago but do not remember if this character was included .
brian donlevy , in the role of his life as sgt . markoff , instead of a french legion sergeant , has now become a sadistic russian , expelled from a siberian penal colony ( for cruelty ) in the 1939 version .
1930 's politics , i imagine .
also william powell 's 1926 italian villain , boldini , is renamed ( russian again ) , ably played by j. carrol naish in the 1939 version .
noah beery is outstanding in his role as the evil sgt . , nearly as good as his counterpart donlevy in the later film .
digby geste in the silent version wanders off to die in the desert , sacrificing himself to save brother john and two other legionnaires , one of these played by the strapping young victor mclaglen in a minor role .
the 1939 digby meets his end differently , at the hands of an arab rifleman while blowing his bugle , feigning a legion attack .
as the 1926 beau geste winds down john , now back in england , a legion deserter , makes his confession to family friend and foreign legion major de , expecting arrest .
but no , the major , derelict in his duty , refuses to arrest him -- a highly unlikely action either in 1926 or today -- but then we must remember that we are dealing with hollywood here .
two great versions of p. c. wren 's novel , with colman the englishman more believable as beau ( even without sound , for who can forget that distinctive colman voice ) than the midwestern drawl of montana cowboy gary cooper portraying an englishman in the talkie .
hard to choose , but if i had my i must go with the 1939 version , mainly because the beau geste story is ideal for sound , and also for it 's stellar cast , dominated by brian donlevy 's magnificent performance .
he ( donlevy ) was nominated for the academy award 's best supporting actor for the film but lost , i believe , to walter brennan as judge roy bean in the westerner , also , as in beau geste , starring gary cooper .

1
a nobleman vows vengeance on the cutthroats responsible for his father 's death .
becoming the black pirate , he joins their scurvy crew and quickly becomes their leader .
but his plans for revenge become more complicated when he meets his first captive - a beautiful spanish princess .
roistering , robust & richly detailed , this was one of douglas fairbanks ' greatest films .
with enough excitement to satisfy any lover of adventure , one needs only read the film 's prologue to get an idea of its delights : ' a page from the history and lives of the most bloodthirsty pirates who ever infested the southern seas .
being an account of buccaneers & the spanish main , the jolly roger , golden galleons , bleached skulls , buried treasure , the plank , dirks & cutlasses , scuttled ships , marooning , desperate deeds , desperate men , and - even on this dark soil - romance . '
aside from the bleached skulls , everything else is there as promised fairbanks is a joy to behold , exulting in his physical prowess , becoming a legend of the screen before the delighted eyes of the viewer .
can any other swashbuckler top the flair or ã©lan of the sequence where doug captures a single-handed , climbing up the & sliding down the slit sails on his dagger , light as any sprite ?
no one else would have even dared .
as the princess , billie dove is beautiful , but has very little to do except look frightened .
donald crisp , in a change of pace role , is very enjoyable as a gruff one-armed scots pirate who befriends fairbanks .
anders randolf & sam de grasse are the black-hearted pirate captain & lieutenant whom doug must contend with and they are nasty indeed .
a milestone in cinematic history , this was one of the first movies to be filmed entirely in technicolor .
in its restored version , it is very pleasant to the eyes , its antique hues perfectly complementing the richly textured art design , costumes & sets .
for those interested in such things , there are explanations for the various special effects ( the underwater attack , for instance ) , but the reader will need to look elsewhere for them .
sometimes too many facts can spoil the illusion of daydreams so necessary for the enjoyment of silent cinema .
find this fabulous film & dream on .
too bad about the bleached skulls , though ...

1
doctor jekyll and mister hyde in a bad quarter of london : lon chaney plays a double role in the film and in the story , a robber ( the raven ) and a man who carries about poor people ( the bishop ) .
the way of acting is remarkable because it 's a silent movie .
the great thing is that the bishop is so lon chaney has to play the when he moves from raven into bishop .
the strange atmosphere is very well described with threatening faces and .

1
always liked lon chaney films and his great acting skills and fantastic make up which many times gave him a great deal of pain while he was acting his many roles .
in this film lon played a double role as the bishop where he twisted himself into a pretzel .
in this film there is a struggle between an evil brother , blackbird and a good brother , the bishop who is beloved by his neighbors and friends .
there is also lots of romance between west end bertie , ( owen moore ) and renee adoree , ( fifi ) and the blackbird tries to interfere with their love relationship .
there are plenty of ugly looking faces in these british pubs with lots of smoke and plenty of draft beers being rolled around in mugs and glasses and down plenty of people 's throats .
this is a masterpiece of lon chaney films .
one of his best , enjoy .

1
if you thought all silent comedies were slapstick see this gentle character based comedy .
colleen moore plays a much abused small town girl with a simply awful family .
she wins a beauty contest - the prize a trip to hollywood and a studio contract !
colleen moore is brilliant as ella - funny , warm , beautiful , vivacious .
the scene when she finds she has won the contest will move you to tears , and you 'll roar with laughter when she practices eye movements for the camera .
this is one of the great performances of the silent era .
she can make the smallest thing funny , so it is interesting to see her work with harry langdon who could do the same .
in one hilarious scene he plays himself .
what is remarkable about moore is that she can be very funny but still maintain the realism of her characterisation - there is a sadness here that makes the comedy so much more potent .
wait till you see her smoke a cigar , and !
i have never seen a moment like this played better .
also very charming is lloyd hughes as her boyfriend .
and the film 's director alfred e green plays the director in the film !
this film , in a good print from video yesteryear which has a fine organ score from rosa rio , is a true classic - not to be missed .

1
mephisto ( satan ) bets with god that he can get the soul of faust , a bright and studious man .
if mephisto corrupts faust , all mankind would belong to him .
the first part of this film is related to this pact .
then , with faust young and handsome , he seduces gretchen , and the second part of this movie is related to the tragedy of gretchen .
the last scene , with the redemption of faust , is also wonderful .
yesterday i watched faust on dvd for the first time .
this is another a masterpiece of the history of the cinematographic industry and of the german expressionism .
the lighting , shadows , effects and photography are amazing for a 1926 movie .
i read in the biography of the outstanding that he fought as a pilot in the world war i and died in 1931 , with 43 years old , in a car accident .
what a loss for the culture of the world !
emil jannings as is fantastic , alternating evil and wickedness with funny situations .
faust with his regret has a great performance and the despair of gretchen ( a very beautiful woman ) is touching .
i only regret that the dvd released in brazil has not restored the images .
my vote is ten .

1
murnau 's masterpiece captures the gothic genius of the original folktale -- and it is obvious that such a story would never have came from a latin or even slavic people -- it required the uncanny gothic genius .
in these germanic peoples the platitude ( the banality , the philistinism , the petty bourgeois dullness ) and the gothic coexist .
gretchen is both nice and well played ; murnau 's faust is a creepy metaphysical romance , made with flawless taste and snappy aplomb by the german director .
now murnau 's genuine flair for the gothic and the weird is obvious -- his sets are made out of light and darkness , the christian element ( of rituals , practices , customs ) is strongly contrasted with the chaos and delusion brought by faust 's new master .
notice that the protagonist , doktor faust , is a scientist -- or an alchemist , anyway , not a , but rather an enquirer of the nature , like dr frankenstein .
for the folk , the idea of philosopher is that of a naturalist , of a scientist , even an alchemist or an , not of a speculative thinker .
think a little about these : faust -- marlowe -- goethe -- hegel -- mann -- bulgakov -- frankenstein .

1
friedrich wilhelm murnau was the most important director of the german expressionism era .
he made 22 films from which only 11 have persisted .
murnau often made several different versions of his films , which made it impossible to tell which was the original one .
faust was no exception ; he made 9 different versions of it whose editing , rhythm and acting differ from each other .
f.w . murnau did a lot of breakthroughs in cinema - he 's the most influential filmmaker of his time .
for instance in his earlier film der letzte mann ( 1924 , the last laugh ) murnau used the camera as a character for the very first time .
it was the first time the audience could n't tell when you were watching the events as an outsider and when as a character .
faust is no lesser .
eric rohmer has written about it in his dissertation and herman g. weinberg saw faust as the most beautiful film ever made .
everybody knows the german writer goethe who wrote faust .
but the story did live before his play .
it lived as a folktale .
and this is where the critics did wrong .
they thought that murnau 's faust was a fiasco ; probably because they tried to compare it to the original play .
but f.w . murnau did faust ( 1926 ) based on the folktale .
so the philosophy of goethe 's faust was left away .
the production company ( ufa ) of faust also produced another artistic film , metropolis by fritz lang .
when the audience did n't like either of these films the company failed .
faust is a story about god and satan who wager .
a man , faust , agrees to sell his soul to satan so he can have all the power of the world .
first he wants to use the power to help the diseased people but the temptations of eternal youth and beauty win .
`` damned be the illusion of youth ! ``
faust is a timeless story because the idea of selling one 's soul will always be there .
contracts are still made .
there is only one thing that can terminate the contract .
liebe - love .
the flaming word appears on the screen to assure us .
earlier i mentioned the new camera-work of the last laugh .
but faust did something new too .
it was the first film that was based on the metaphorical force of light and shadow .
the use of shadows in faust is symbolic and brilliant .
when talking about light and murnau one might be reminded of nosferatu ( 1922 ) , a gothic vampire story by f.w . murnau , where the beams of light killed nosferatu .
faust deals with essential and timeless themes .
on the surface the themes are good and evil but faust is much more complex than that .
i would recommend this masterpiece of the german expressionism to all film lovers .
i would n't be surprised if one said that faust is the best film ever made .
f.w . murnau manages to capture real humane emotions .

1
title : fw faust ( 1926 ) director : fw murnau cast : gosta ekman , camilla horn , emil jannings , william dieterle review : having seen nosferatu and having enjoyed it immensely i had to check out some of his other films .
faust quickly caught my attention .
after murnau made nosferatu , he was given the opportunity to do whatever film he wanted .
.
and they gave him the huge budget to do it .
the result was an impressive , visually stunning , supernatural film .
god and the devil are fighting for who gets to control humanity .
they do a wager , they decide that if satan ( aka as mephisto ) can corrupt faust then all of humanity would belong to mephisto .
after the wager is on , mephisto spreads the plague throughout town and people start dying .
he decides to call upon the powers of darkness to help people out .
first off , more then anything , this movie is a true visual feast .
how murnau made this movie with the limited resources he had at the time is a true testament to his talent as a filmmaker .
heck , it was 1926 , before make up fx , before stan winston , before blue screens and cgi , before anything !
yet , he managed to create an incredibly rich film .
heck this guy even managed to do a crane shot in the movie !
in a scene where faust and mephisto are flying through the sky 's ... the camera swoops over a landscape filled with waterfalls , mountains and cliffs ... all in one shot !
i was actually amazed how with their limited technological resources murnau managed to do this type of shot back in those days .
the imagery is amazing ... starting with mephisto spreading his gigantic black wings over small town .
i kid you not when i say that , that image is one of the coolest images i have ever seen on any movie .
images of the horsemen of the apocalypse riding the sky 's ... angels with swords , faust conjuring up mephisto by reading from his book ... man this movie was really something to behold .
its all wrapped around that black and white aura that gives the film that eerie feel .
kinda like the same feeling i got when i watched white zombie .
i love black and white horror visuals .
and faust was full of them .
of special interest to me was that scene where faust conjures up mephisto by reading some words from a book , its truly a great movie moment with an incredible supernatural feel .
the visuals of those circles of light emanating from the ground up towards the sky ... that was amazing .
and actually i think that scene influenced francis ford copolla in bram stokers dracula because he uses the exact same image of circles of light emerging from the ground .
faust fantastical imagery truly demonstrates that murnau had complete and total control over everything that he showed on the screen .
the snow , the wind , the shadows , the lights ... all perfectly handled to create the exact mood and feel that was required at them moment .
its quite obvious as well that this movies benefited from a much much bigger budget then previous films .
the sets look a lot like those on caligari at times , the detailed miniatures are very well achieved and the extras are plentiful .
the performances are great , better then in nosferatu .
they are sometimes a bit exaggerated , but not as much as in other silent films i 've seen before .
on this one , the performances seemed just right to me .
of special mention is emil jannings as mephisto .
this guy played beelzebub with some real relish .
the character comes off as evil , treacherous , calculating ... and he does it all with this smirk on his face .
great character .
the make up on him is great and he kinda reminded me at times of bela lugosi as dracula .
but overall , hes performance was the best in the film .
i also really enjoyed camilla horn as gretchen , her scenes with her baby in the snow were great not only in the acting department but visually as well .
overall , id recommend this movie to those of you interested in german silent cinema .
its really something to see how even in those days , the imagination and creativity was there .
and even the limited technological resources could n't hold them back from creating a truly beautiful , haunting , spooky , supernatural film .
for those of you who enjoyed films like nosferatu or robert the cabinet of dr. caligari then you will most certainly love faust .
i would certainly say it is far superior to the films mentioned before , yet for some reason does n't get as much recognition .
check it out schmoes for a slice of the best horror silent cinema ever .
definitely worth a look .
rating : 5 out of 5

1
*** spoilers *** even the original nosferatu ca n't hold a candle to this one .
endlessly inventive , faust boasts both the over-the-top chewing of the scenery kind of performances that were de before sound came along , as well as some of the most innovative camera work i 've ever seen .
there are times when this one hurtles along at a breakneck pace that 's downright mind-boggling .
jannings , as the malevolent , manipulative mephisto , steals the show ( especially when his attempts to woo one particular frau prove too much for even his ghastly gorge ) .
the fx , too , are noteworthy - even by today 's standards .
yet one more reason why silence is , indeed , golden .

1
faust is , in my opinion , a film that shows everything that could be made during the silent years , and its great achievement is that everything is done at perfection .
taking a familiar story for german audiences , the film transcends its message to an universal one , a confrontation between good and evil .
this two hour film flows easily between suspense , terror-filled expressionist moments ( the scene of the calling at the crossroads ) , but also comedy ( gretchen 's aunt love potion ) or even choreographed dance scenes and puppet horses at the very beginning .
the only film i have found with an equal impact to faust is sunrise , a song of two humans , and they 're both from murnau .
i have to applaud the effort to make the work of this great master of early cinema available to a modern audience .

1
many people have heard the tale of faust , which has become ingrained in the collective mind of our culture .
a worldly doctor sells his soul to the devil in exchange for any earthly good he could desire in exchange for the loss of any spiritual good he could have .
this , i believe , is told from the goethe angle , seeing as how the tale of faust is more of a folktale than anything that can be attributed to any one novelist .
an archangel and mephisto , played magnificently by emil jannings , make a wager : if mephisto can tempt and acquire the soul of faust , a renowned and prestigious alchemist , all of mankind is doomed .
the hideous of mephisto slinks off to his work ... in a truly awe-inspiring image , we see mephisto spreading his demonic wings over the nameless germanic town in what is one of the coolest things i 've ever seen .
this spreads the plague , which devastates the town .
faust sells his soul in order to stop it , but does n't stop there .
be it wealth or the flesh of the loveliest woman alive , mephisto will give him any earthly desire after he makes his contract permanent .
the story is heart-breaking : a classic tale of good , evil , religion , love , and temptation .
i 'm not one of your weepy types , but i have to admit i was getting a little misty-eyed at the ending .
the acting is awesome across the board , with emil jannings stealing the show as the cackling mephisto .
his range of facial expressions boggles the mind !
but really , it 's the visuals that make the movie memorable : phantasmagoric montages of bizarre and demonic images , just what you 'd expect from the director of nosferatu .
a demon engulfing a town in his wings , satanic birds , skeletal horsemen ... and others .
it 's really ... really interesting to watch .
murnau may be known best for nosferatu , but do n't skip out on this other gem from the expressionistic era .

1
for me , along with metropolis , the gold rush and the passion of joan of arc , this is one of the finest movies of the 1920s .
in design and direction especially , faust is a masterpiece .
it has a great story with a strong operatic feel , and the characters are great , mephistopheles is especially memorable .
's direction is superb .
this is especially true in the duel between faust and mephistopheles which defines the term epic in every sense , and part of the reasons why it works so well is the wonderfully malevolent atmosphere that murnau , robert and walter create .
the music fits amazingly well and the story despite one or two scenes in the middle that drag just a tad is compelling .
the acting is very good .
gosta ekman does a fine job conveying his character complete with a believable transformation from decrepitude to youth , while camilla horn is suitably pure .
as the imposing demon mephistopheles , emil jannings with a magnetic appearance and presence steals the film , while he does keep some of his comedic qualities there are times where he is quite terrifying .
other than jannings ' performance and murnau 's direction , what makes faust such a masterpiece are the expressionistic images which inspired by casper david frederich 's paintings are amazing , with excellent cinematography and sculptures of smoke , light and steam to compliment them .
all in all , a brilliant film and one of the best of its decade .
10/10 bethany cox

1
contrary to the imdb rating and its reputation , this movie is very good .
if you are a fan of westerns but are tired of all the talking and waiting , of endless meaningful glances and a meditative rhythm and you want some action , get this film !
this is one of the best action films of all time , with some exemplary stunt work .
the storyline is easy to follow , but without any plot holes as has become a standard nowadays .
tom mix is a great cowboy and fits the character he is portraying wonderfully .
do n't get me wrong , i love douglas fairbanks , and admire his artistry , but besides his greater charm , he is nowhere as good as tom mix in this film .
this is meant as an invitation to all fairbanks ' fans , because this will be exactly their kind of film .
at 53 minutes , the film never drags and does what it set out to do almost perfectly .
if only more films where this modest .

1
there are movie buffs who believe that raymond griffith belongs in the same class of silent comics as chaplin , keaton and lloyd , and from what little i 've seen , i 'd say they have an argument .
`` hands up `` is a delightful feature , enjoyable from beginning to end , with the dapper , dandified griffith as a clever and enthusiastic confederate spy .
there are some brilliant gags , including one with a firing squad and another where he teaches hostile indians to dance the charleston ( ok , so it 's anachronistic -- who cares ?
) , and the final gag is brilliant .
griffith is thoroughly ingratiating ; it 's a pity that so many of his movies have disappeared and the survivors are so seldom revived .
it 's interesting , by the way , that both griffith and keaton made a comedy about the civil war in the same year -- and that both of them portrayed southerners .
`` hands up `` is n't quite as good as keaton 's `` the general , `` but that certainly is n't an insult .
this is one buried treasure that deserves a wider audience .

1
`` hands up ! ``
is the third feature i 've seen starring raymond griffith , and it 's reputed to be a lost classic that would be much better-known if it were not for its spotty availability and the fact that most of its lead 's work as a starring comedian has been lost .
after viewing i 'd be inclined to agree with that .
`` hands up ! ``
is hilarious and delightfully mischievous .
there have also been a lot of comparisons with buster keaton 's great feature `` the general , `` but apart from the fact that they are both silent comedies set during the civil war , are quite different animals .
the story here is that griffith is a confederate soldier who must cut off union access to a gold mine , and in doing so he uses every unscrupulous trick in the book to extricate himself from the scrapes that come with his mission .
he 's not a good guy , but griffith 's enormous charisma and screen presence coupled with the ingenious quality of his plans have us rooting for him -- as in a way we wish we were him -- all the way .
the movie is full of unlikely and implausible but not quiet impossible developments and gags -- in fact , it revels in them to the point where they become one of its biggest advantages .
in form , it is like a series of ingenious , sequences which nonetheless advance a clear story at a good pace .
griffith defeats a firing squad by tossing plates like a circus performer and painting the image of his back on the wall in one extended scene , escapes being killed by indians by introducing the chief to dice and winning all his clothes in another , and manages to becomes engaged to both of the daughters of the mine owner -- all with wonderful comic timing and subtly of performance ( i think a lot of his comedy works so well because he plays it with the same kind of plain excellent expressive acting that could have brought him equal success in drama ) .
events like these pile on top of one another for a kind of triumphant whirlwind of of coincidence and double-crossing that is always surprising .
one scene that 's a highlight involves griffith and the two daughters trying to catch a bee in their stagecoach -- which in a very cleverly choreographed routine keeps them from noticing they are being shot at by indians ' arrows .
and , of course , i think it 's impossible not to love a film that ends with the hero deciding to move to utah so he can marry both girls .

1
another top silent comedy by superstar colleen moore ... in this one she plays the daughter of a poor irish family ( with all the stereotypes ) from philadelphia .
after losing her job in a department store and fighting with ma ( kate price ) she ends up in new york city where she lands a job as a dressmaker 's model .
she meets a wealthy man ( lloyd hughes ) and you can guess the rest .
moore sparkles as usual playing the spunky lass who fights the odds and makes good .
the film is also notable for the openly gay character of madame lucy , played by george k. arthur .
charlie murray plays the dad , and bess flowers and eva novak play models .
this first national release also boasted a 2-strip technicolor sequence ( the model show ) but my copy has what looks like a red tint for this section unless that 's all that 's left of the color ... no idea .
the best scene is perhaps the one where moore is on a turntable so that madame lucy can drape fabric over her and create a dress ... and amazingly he does ... then the turntable goes haywire ... lol

1
what is to say about metropolis that has n't been said already ?
for me , probably very little .
metropolis is an awe-inspiring and influential masterpiece of the sci-fi genre , and one of the best movies i have seen in recent memory .
metropolis perfectly demonstrates the artistic vision of director fritz lang .
lang was a fine and intelligent director , and metropolis shows this loud and clear as lang 's direction is superb .
the film is very rarely boring to me , both the pace and length were well-judged in my view , and while the message may seem muddled to some people for others including me perhaps it is relevant and even powerful .
the music is haunting , beautiful and evocative , the story really impresses with its originality and the acting is expressive , although silent the facial expressions and gestures speak volumes .
the best part about metropolis and what resonates with me are the visuals , the cinematography is fluid same with the lighting while the costumes and effects are wonderful , but the real revelations are the city landscapes and settings which are gorgeous .
all in all , a brilliant film and an influential film not only of the genre but of cinema itself .
10/10 bethany cox

1
in the year 2000 , the workers in a modernistic city live underground .
unrest is quelled by the persuasion of a saintly girl , maria ( brigitte helm ) : but a demented inventor creates an evil maria to incite them to revolt .
metropolis is overlong and heavy-going in places .
this futuristic fantasy not only has many brilliant sequences which created genuine excitement and terror , but inspired many hollywood clichã©s , notably the frankenstein theme .
in 2008 , a copy of the film 30 minutes longer than any other known surviving copy was located in argentina .
after a long period of restoration in germany , the restored film was shown publicly for the first time simultaneously at berlin and frankfurt on february 12 , 2010 .

1
i just got back from seeing the new `` complete metropolis `` with the recently discovered footage edited into the film .
it was playing at the laemmle in encino .
i was once obsessed with seeing as many vhs versions of the movie as possible in order to get the whole story .
i think during those days , the giorgio moroder version was the most complete even though the music was absurd .
with this new version , i 'm confident that i 've seen as much of metropolis as i could ever hope to see .
the complete restoration is coming out on dvd at the end 2010 , but i highly recommend that you see it in theaters if possible .
there are 25 minutes of new footage .
about half of that footage is devoted to a subplot regarding the man that freder trades identities with .
the rest are added shots here and there and a greater emphasis on the contrast between maria 's virtue and the robot 's lack of virtue .
some of it is redundant or distracting from the main story , but much of it makes character motivations and the social critique clearer .
i guess , like blade runner , each version of metropolis will have its pluses and minuses and fans can argue forever about which is the `` best . ``

1
metropolis is a great sci-fi thriller , even though it is a silent film .
it has a lot of suspense , special effects , and a great story to go along with it .
the character of maria is iconic , and is believed to be the inspiration for c-3p0 in the star wars universe .
the layout of this film is also awesome , and it is some of the best layout and design that i have ever seen in a movie .
the people who worked on this film really took the time out to work on this film , and put their best foot forward to make this masterpiece .
but whether it is the enhanced version or they way it was originally shown back in 1927 , metropolis is a classic thriller and is surely part of my top 100 sci-fi thrillers list .

1
this landmark film has just undergone it 's second restoration and now has just about all the footage that can be found for it .
the futuristic tale of a repressed working class rebelling against the privileged few has been released many times on vhs and dvd .
the newly restored version , with footage found in argentina adds nuances and subplots that have not been seen in any other version .
the relationship between rotwang , the inventor and freder , the boss of metropolis takes a surprising twist that has been edited out of the unrestored version that i have previously seen .
the musical score , from 1927 is exquisite , and the quality of the print is as good as can be found .
if you have never seen this landmark film , by all means , see it in the restored version .

1
the occasion of my 500th review for imdb seems a good time to review one of the greatest masterpieces of the history of the cinema .
at last !
the dvd is out with the restoration which took 12 years and the combined efforts of many people and organisations , putting fritz lang 's metropolis back together again for the first time since 1927 , adding half an hour of recovered footage to the length , digitally enhancing every frame , improving the titles , and with the wonderful bonus of the restoration of the original 1927 orchestral score .
this may be the greatest cinematic restoration and recovery effort in history , and it gives back to us a version of one of the world 's major films as last seen in berlin in 1927 , and never seen anywhere outside berlin even then .
the monstrous mutilation of this masterpiece commenced almost as soon as the premiere was over .
the recovered footage was found a few years ago in argentina , no copy having survived in europe .
now that we can see lang 's true conception of the film , which is wholly different from the mutilated versions which have been shown for the past 83 years , the story at last makes sense .
every time we saw metropolis before , it was not really metropolis at all , and was not even remotely authentic .
the footage had been re-edited in such a horribly distorted way that sometimes scenes were used to mean precisely the opposite of what they were originally intended to signify .
the dvd contains important interviews , demonstrations , and information about all of this .
what happened to this film was as if someone had taken a rembrandt self-portrait and it as the portrait of a young girl ; the has now been stripped off entirely , and we see revealed the film which lang and his wife thea von harbou , the joint script writers , originally envisioned .
this film was enthusiastically adopted by goebbels and other nazis , and von harbou herself became a fanatical nazi , so lang divorced her and famously fled to america after hitler showed too much interest in him .
but that is a long story and one which is well known .
one of the most unforgettable aspects of this film are the scenes where the workers march in gangs with their heads lowered in submission , and their simultaneous tread is a monotonous machine-like dragging of their exhausted bodies towards their labour .
doubtless these scenes of the masses dominated by an elite excited the nazis , as did the visions of a future technological wonderland where speed , power , and efficiency are portrayed with rapturous awe .
of course , there are the dark forces , and there is the unspeakably evil ` mechanical man ' , who is actually female in form , having been given the likeness of the saintly maria ( who had been trying to give hope to the downtrodden workers by addressing secret mass meetings in the catacombs far below metropolis ) .
both roles are played by the amazing brigitte helm , one of the most brilliant german film actresses ever .
helm quit the film business and moved to switzerland in 1935 in disgust at hitler .
she must have been as scared as lang at the combined menace of hitler , goebbels , and thea von harbou , all of whom must have had their eye on her just as they did lang .
helm 's real surname , by the way , was , and it is just as well she shortened it !
she lived to be 90 .
alas , i was in while she was still alive , and did visit one grand dame who lived there in retirement , but had no idea helm was there , or i would have tried to meet her as well .
anyone who has seen helm in one of her films can never forget her .
in metropolis she is brilliant both as jekyll and as hyde , and she had eyes like .
alfred abel is particularly good in this film as the oligarch joh fredersen .
he exudes an air of such self-assured calm , the very mannered tranquility of the truly rich which drove f. scott fitzgerald so wild with excitement and made him think of the rich as a different species , so that he could never stop writing about them with the enthusiasm of a groupie .
rudolf klein-rogge is the mad inventor rotwang , with wild hair and wilder eyes .
he is slightly over-the-top , but then , metropolis is as well .
the budget for metropolis was gigantic , and i believe the film was made over a period of 13 months .
it was a true epic in both senses , its production and its result .
however , it was deemed ` too long ' for audiences , so like erich von stroheim 's greed ( 1924 ) , both films being too brilliant and too disturbing , the length was used as a pretext for mediocrities to slash , cut , tear , and rend , like a pack of mad , as mediocrities above all else enjoy attacking and destroying works of genius .
( the reason why mediocrities hate genius is because they are incapable of it themselves , and its very existence rubs their noses in their own inadequacy .
their only defense is to destroy that which brings their own inferiority to notice , so that they can live comfortably in their boring bubble as nonentities , undisturbed by reminders that there is anything higher or better than themselves .
) the science fiction effects of this production are so far ahead of their time that their successful achievement was itself a kind of science .
the ` extras ' on the dvd give fascinating insights into how these effects were achieved , and anyone interested in the mechanics of illusion will be spellbound at the revelations which are given as to how lang achieved his visions on screen .
since metropolis was an attempt to envisage the future , it is highly ironical that it required the future 's own arrival 83 years later before we were allowed to see what it was that lang had actually predicted and envisaged .

1
directed by great german director fritz lang in 1927 .
metropolis is considered one of the best science fiction movie ever made , it is a masterpiece and great example of the german expressionism .
in the film , director fritz lang created two different world .
the world of the workers who live in underground factory and the upper class society who control the city and the workers .
in the underground world , slavery workers use their hands the control the machines and work 10 hours with inhuman conditions .
in surface , people enjoy the life of the mega city with flying ships , beautiful gardens and extremely modern facilities .
film begins showing workers when changing their shifts and their mechanical movements which represent their slavery positions in the society .
however , the story of metropolis is about the young guy called freder .
his father , joh , is in charge of the city and owner of the factory .
one day , when freder is looking for true happiness he sees maria with children of the workers .
maria is a school teacher and mediator between two worlds .
because of her , freder decides to discover the workers world and witnesses their terrible conditions .
to prevent the rebellion , he hires a mad scientist to create a robot like maria .
considering the special effects conditions in 1920 's , effects , decorations and details in the movie is magnificent .
huge sets , the machine man , flying ships , skyscrapers are very convincing and effective .
biblical imagery of the movie is also primary key for the story .
good maria as virgin mary which represents pureness , jesus like freder , the son , who tries to save people and the city and heartless father rules his own world in the skyscraper and he has a power to destroy everything which represents apocalypse .
actor performances in the metropolis are almost same as the other expressionist silent movies .
over-dramatic scenes , exaggerated emotions and body movements fairly express the characters situation .
sound effect and classical music in the metropolis give enough excitement to audience as a part of the german expressionism , director fritz lang has made deep shadows and lights which creates very cold and disturbing ambiance .
in a cinematic perspective , i believe that metropolis has started to science fiction genre and influenced many other movies such as blade runner , dark city , star wars , artificial intelligence , fifth element etc . .
in a social perspective , unfortunately , we can still see the struggle between rich and poor and the gap between them which is getting wider day by day ...

1
while this is a template for so many later science fiction works , this is not science fiction -- this very clearly is german expressionism , in a line from `` der golem `` , `` nosferatu `` , etc . .
the key is that none of this is about ` plot ' or ` story ' ; those things we normally associate with narrative films are products and afterthoughts here .
the point of the departure of this movie is - vision - , yes , even cinematic vision , i would argue , much more than mere imagery .
this is all about thinking big , having big vision .
remember that this was made at a point in time when very big opposing political and cultural ideas were coalescing and on their way to full frontal impact with each other , most obviously capitalism v. socialism .
it 's all about pushing limits : pushing the limits of imagination , of plausibility , of perspective , of architecture , of logic and of emotion .
and ... the entire - way - this is filmed , edited and pushes the limits in an astonishing synchrony with the actual visual content .
many have tried and most have failed to better this ... the smartest successors to this found their own groove : `` bladerunner `` ... `` brazil `` ... those come to mind .
the best silent film ever made ?
top three , no question .

1
`` metropolis , `` directed by the great german director fritz lang , is one of the classics of the silent-era , and one of the entries on any science fiction movie fan 's must-see list .
sadly , there 's no one definitive ` version ' of the movie , as the original was heavily edited , cut parts being destroyed ; ` reconstructed ' versions exist ( including a colorized one with a rock soundtrack !
) .
this is a silent , black-and-white , tale about the future in the city of metropolis , where the wealthy live in soaring skyscrapers , and workers live in dark , dismal , underground housing .
maria , a young working-class woman , is a teacher who seeks to reconcile the workers ( hand ) with the wealthy elite ( head ) by trying to become the mediator ( heart ) -- whence comes the film 's classic thematic statement : `` the heart is the mediator between the head and and the hand . ``
freder , son of the most powerful business owner ( ?
) ( one does n't know exactly what those wealthy types are -- business owners , politicians , robber barons ?
) thea von harbou ( the scriptwriter and lang 's wife ) did n't specify ) , sees maria by accident one day , and he 's in love at first sight .
his father is trying to stop workers from meeting in secret after their shifts -- he fears a workers ' revolt -- by going to rotwang , the inventor who created most of the machines in metropolis .
of course , it 's not german cinema without a back-story between fredersen and rotwang , unbelievable similarities between maria and a dead character , plots that endanger all of metropolis -- who said the course of true love runs smooth ?
the story unfolds slowly because film was a new story-telling medium in the 1920s ; the sets are stunning for their time , the acting is a bit heavy-handed -- but that was the style in silents ; the camera moves are well-designed , and -- this is the only spoiler you 'll get from me : this is the first appearance of everyone 's favorite -- a robot or android that looks exactly like a person , and is programmed to behave completely unlike that person .
great art deco design for the nightclub and the , um , character .
you 'll know it when you see it .
if you ever see in your local papers that `` metropolis `` is playing at a local art-house cinema and you have n't seen it before , go .
just take my word ; even if you do n't like silent movies or science fiction movies , go see this -- it 's one of the first milestones in movie-making .

1
`` metropolis `` is , if nothing else , one of the most spectacular visual movies i 've ever seen .
reportedly the most expensive german movie up to that time , fritz lang created an awesome city , totally memorable .
i was lucky enough to see the restored version of the film -- listed as being 124 minutes , seeming like less -- in the theater with a group of about 70 people .
everyone seemed to enjoy the 75 year-old beast .
( there was some clapping at the end -- a tradition that has always perplexed me .
i mean , it 's not like fritz and his crew , or even those responsible for the wonderful restoration , are around to bask in the applause .
although , i guess , the applause was meant more for the theater that opted to bring the film here .
) this is definitely one for the big screen .
the story is heavy-handed by today 's standards , but putting myself in the shoes of what i imagine the average audience of the time would have been like made me appreciate the ideas of the film more .
( by no means , however , am i suggesting that a 1927 audience was less educated than we .
they just did n't have the extra 75 years of movies we do .
) the subterranean workers of the great city threaten to overthrow its rulers , led by joh fredersen .
now , joh 's son , freder , sees an angel of a girl , maria , who shows him his `` brothers `` and the terrible conditions of his father 's workers .
maria captivates freder , and she preaches the message of love and peace .
the film 's message , stated through her , is that the mediator of the hand ( workers ) and the mind ( leader ) is the heart ( maria and freder ) .
freder goes below , to the `` depths , `` where he poses as a worker .
he discovers plans for a revolt ( more like a strike ) where the workers will leave their machines in the hopes of being granted better conditions .
but things get more complicated when joh fredersen has his scientist , rotwang , who lives in an old house that the technical revolutions of the future have forgotten , design something for him .
rotwang has already created a machine man , modeled after joh fredersen 's dead wife hel ( a sort of `` replacement `` ) , but joh fredersen has him affix maria 's face to the machine .
joh plans to use this machine to incite the workers to violence , by having her first get the workers ' attention by doing a ( not so ) sexy gyspy dance .
of course they do , and the city is flooded .
the moral at the end of the film is silly , but because the whole film is so unrealistic , so much like a fable , it did n't bother me .
( i did , however , lean over to my friend and say in a fred rogers voice , `` wo n't you be my mediator ? ``
) there really is n't much else you can say about `` metropolis . ``
those images are why you 'd see this movie .
the way it reflects ( or maybe warns against ) nazi totalitarianism is interesting .
( one image , in particular , where a machine explodes and turns into a giant devourer , has an unsettling similarity to gas chamber .
) i like that lang was interested both in the ideals of freder and maria , but also in a sense of order .
with the uprising that does occur , of course , there are repercussions .
the dialogues ( or title cards ) in the film express a protest of the sort of dictating aristocracy of metropolis , but lang 's own spectacular sets and monumental vision seem to argue with that .
the sets and the images ( including two memorable camera moves ) just ca n't be overemphasized .
sometimes they look like models or styrofoam or just plain goofy , but they 're incredible and original and influential .
many a homage has been paid to this film , from `` dr. strangelove `` to more of a blatant rip-off in `` the fifth element . ``
this is a vastly entertaining movie , made no less enjoyable by its sometimes silly premise .
( it 's not as if the acting in silent movies is n't wildly exaggerated -- and is n't that the appeal in the first place ?
) i 'm completely ignorant when it comes to lang -- this is the first movie of his i 've seen .
nevertheless , this is a masterwork .
****

1
very simply put , this is a masterpiece .
fritz lang 's vision has affected everyone from dark city to star wars to madonna and queen music videos .
if it were not for this movie there would be no c-3po ! !
george lucas has often said that the robot maria in metropolis was the inspiration for the visual of c-3po ... the visuals and use of light and shadows make this a very interesting movie .
unfortunately there is no one version of this film as it was butchered by each country that showed it .
parts of it are lost forever .
kino video has done a wonderful restoration recently and it should be in every film buff 's library !

1
fritz lang was constantly experimenting with ways to tell stories by way of the visual medium , and his 1927 opus metropolis is the cream of the crop of examples of this .
perhaps it was seeing the film in the greatest possible format ( a fully restored print on the kino dvd , filled with inter-titles to keep the story complete ) that had me appreciate it more , but even if i had seen the film on a scratchy print or with not very appropriate music ( i.e . giorgio moroder 's experimental cut ) , it would still be affecting .
at the core of the story , lang and his collaborator thea von harbou , the sides of good vs. evil , or at least the complete lack of understanding of the powerful over the weak , is set up so strongly that even when it has it 's fairy-tale type of heaviness to it , it does n't seem to feel compromised in strength or relevance for adults .
this is the kind of film that should work for anyone , young and old , as it deals with universal themes ( i.e . `` the mediator between head and hands must be the heart ! ``
) the story leaves room for the visual style to come through - freder is the son of a kind of imperial man over the workers who die for the machines of metropolis , joh frederson .
he feels the sorrow and pain of the people , and goes down to their level to be one of them .
he falls in love with the most compassionate and angelic of women , maria ( played by the beautiful brigitte helm , in multiple roles she plays without a fault ) , who succumbs to capture after the jealously of freder 's father .
enter the robot , a marvel of a mad scientist , who gets transposed from maria , and becomes the of the part of metropolis .
i wo n't reveal too much of the story , except to mention that as a foreshadowing for freder for the last act , as he wakes up in one scene the book of revelations sits in his lap .
amidst in all of this , metropolis is a masterpiece of visual effects , camera-tricks , and of course editing ( if i would n't quite rank metropolis in my all-time top ten favorites , i would rank it in terms of the editing and pacing lang uses , which is apparent even in a permanently truncated version ) .
it starts off with the image of the machine transposed over steam , and then soon moves to a vision of a city that was not far off from how it is in present day ( cars moving on roads built to the sky , airplanes flying way , and mammoth skyscrapers built in extravagant ways .
but it 's not just the use of the models , or the sets , or the backdrops , or even the use of space and atmosphere in most of lang 's shots ( which are all spectacular ) , it 's also the use of light that really caught my attention throughout the film .
one thing i remember still days after seeing the film is the use of one spotlight on the character of maria in a suspense scene ( it also appears in other scenes i think ) .
it 's little things like that which make as big an impact as the montages , the super-impositions of faces and eyes in the dream-like shots .
and , of course , lang 's greatest innovation with the film is that in telling a futuristic story , he goes beyond his time period in stylizing .
as i mentioned with the pacing being unique , it was surprising ( though maybe not as much from seeing his classic m ) that many of the suspense sequences , mob , chases , i knew that this is the same kind of styling that 's used today for many of the most modern of science-fiction/action films .
in its own way , much like stanley kubrick 's 2001 space oddysey , it breaks the mold of conventional forms of storytelling , while not completely abandoning the storytelling form .
although metropolis has a checkered history of being cut down by countries , and it has n't been seen in its full form in almost eighty years , what remains does n't seem at all dated or crude .
quite the opposite , its visual expressiveness , its use of time and character and action , and its deliberate pacing , makes it ahead of its time and influential , and at the same time keeping itself unique .
it 's a tale we 're all familiar with , being the tale of love and compassion coming into play in an industrial , cruel world - which i 'm sure was even more relevant to post ww1 germany at the time - filmed with a mix of over-the-top melodrama , mega-budget set-pieces , and designs that confound the senses .
add the appropriate music , and you 've got a classic fantasy .
a tremendous film to see two , three , a dozen times over - though some of those too impatient for films without spoken words ( or by the operatic dramatic side of it all ) may become disappointed or frustrated .

1
i recently experienced the divine pleasure of watching the restored print of this film , on the big screen .
it is simply without equal .
the imagery is beautiful .
the choice of actors is spot-on .
the production design , the cinematography ... all spectacular , even by today 's standards .
to be able to tell a story without relying on dialogue is something truly magnificent indeed ... you do n't believe that , try watching mtv for any music video with a story to it .
and if you manage to find one , it 's still only 4 minutes long .
this is lang 's masterpiece , i think i even like it better than `` m , `` which is also , by the way , flawless .
for me , it still tells the story of the society in which i live , even 75 years after its first release .
hopefully , we can all learn something from lang 's vision .
hopefully , this film will never be forgotten again .
11/10 , really .

1
for many years the initially flopped and consequently butchered `` metropolis `` fritz lang made in the mid twenties of the past century could be appreciated at least for its qualities as the indispensable science-fiction trailblazer in motion picture history .
what was severely lacking from the plot however finally emerged on screen again after the famous buenos aires reel find which brought a quarter of what was missing from the film back from the dead .
with the new painstaking 2010 restoration effort also came a grandiose symphony orchestra studio recording of the original gottfried huppertz score - and the results make movie buffs prone to be blown away , and this time for real .
the technical brilliance and visual lavishness of fritz lang 's oeuvre was always undisputed already at its time and only matched by fellow german murnau 's ingenious approaches on film-making .
there 's so much and dense imagery that generations of future filmmakers would draw from this newly emerging archetype .
among the unforgettable scenes are the giant heart machine which turns into a moloch in one of the hero 's visions , the babel tower teeming with utopian life , the enormous sets , elevators and masses and masses of enslaved and rebellious people , the staggering creation of the first robot , all set against the dominant dichotomy between - literally - those living above and those dying below .
there are echoes of communism here , of nazi ideology , of the dangers and abysses of industrialization , technology , and there are also glimpses of humanity .
not perfect in all its components , the film nevertheless has everything pioneering in it - and more .
fritz lang , while having some reservations himself referred to the picture as a `` signpost for new destinations `` , and that 's exactly what it became now that we can look at the great sci-fi pictures of the past century .
in them and through them `` metropolis `` still lives , and once we revisit the original again we might yet be surprised that it , miraculously , still points ahead .

1
like terrance malick 's the thin red line , it is a grievous loss to those who love cinema that we will never see the complete film .
if we could , metropolis may well be considered the greatest of the silent films , if it is not already .
fritz lang 's courage for taking on a task such as this was far ahead of his time , and his imagery in this film has proven immortal as it has been used time and again by other directors throughout the history of cinema .
many have commented so eloquently and insightfully here that i have nothing more to offer than what has already been said .
thank you all for augmenting my enjoyment of this great film .

1
fritz lang 's metropolis was very successful with both critics and audiences when it debuted in 1927 berlin -- but it was thereafter edited for distribution by channing pollock , who disliked it and removed great chunks of the film and substantially altered the storyline .
the resulting film was admired for its visual style , but it proved a critical and box office disappointment .
neglected in the wake of sound , surviving prints of the film were left to corrode and decay -- and when it began to reach the home market via vhs and dvd the results were very hit or miss ; blackhawk released a fairly credible version of the truncated film to home video , but for the most part the quality of these releases varied from barely mediocre to downright unwatchable .
until now .
a great chunk of metropolis -- perhaps as much a quarter of more -- has been forever lost , but kino video dvd release offers the single best version of the film available .
the previously cut footage that still exists has been restored ; gaps in the film have been bridged by the occasional use of stills and explanatory title cards ; the film itself has been painstakingly and digitally restored ; and the soundtrack is the gottfried huppertz original created for the film 's 1927 berlin debut .
in seeing this version of metropolis , i was struck by how very differently it reads from the previously available truncated version .
the visual style and the story itself are much more exciting and cohesive , and in the wake of this restoration it becomes impossible to deny the film status as landmark of international cinema .
in many respects the story is simplistic , but the film 's visual style and connotations are anything but .
deeply influenced by such art movements as expressionism , objectivism , art deco , and bauhaus , the film is visually fascinating -- not only in its scenic designs , but in director lang 's famous skill at creating the powerful crowd scenes that dominate the film and building the pace and tension of the film as it moves toward an intense climax .
but while one can -- and many do -- admire the film purely at this level , there is quite a lot going on in terms of philosophical content as well : while it offers few viable solutions , the film raises such issues as the relationship between capital and labor , the place of religion in modern society , human reaction to overwhelming technology , and ( perhaps most interestingly ) the drift of government into a class-conscious corporate entity .
and religious motifs abound in the film : a largely deserted cathedral ; moloch ; the tower of babel ; and crosses -- intriguingly juxtaposed with a repeating motif of the designs associated with the robot .
it is fascinating stuff .
there has been complaint that this restoration runs at incorrect speed and the performances are therefore unnecessarily jerky .
i did not find this to be the case .
in certain instances the movement is deliberately jerky and mechanical -- the workers are a case in point -- but beyond this there is nothing for which the difference between silent acting and modern acting techniques can not account .
there has also been some complaint that the title cards should have been left in their original german and translated via subtitle .
there is a certain validity to this , but it seems a minor quibble ; title cards were typically translated in the silent era itself .
the dvd includes a number of extras , including still photographs , biographies of the major figures involved in the film , and two on the restoration process and one on the creation of the film itself .
both are interesting ; the audio commentary track by film historian , however , is mildly disappointing .
but when all is said and done , it is the film that counts .
and this restoration is a remarkable achievement , to say the least , a project which brings a great landmark of world cinema back from the edge of the abyss .
indispensible ; a must-own .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

1
this is the first great science fiction film and great it is .
a lot of things in this movie we have seen over the decades in other movies .
the scientist , the city , the hero who discovers things he did n't knew .
considering its time the movie looks incredible .
the city and the special effects are great .
the story is about freder ( gustav frã¶hlich ) , a son of the dictator of metropolis , who discovers how things work in the city .
a woman maria ( brigitte helm ) from the workers ' city , below the surface of the earth , shows him how the workers live .
freder goes down to help the workers .
their leader is maria who is taken after a meeting by the scientist rotwang ( rudolf klein-rogge ) .
he keeps her imprisoned in his home .
he was creating a robot and now he makes the robot like maria .
now the workers who will follow maria can be controlled by the dictator john fredersen ( alfred abel ) .
there are so many great scenes in the movie , you have to see that for yourself .
the performances are terrific , especially the performance of brigitte helm who was maria and the robot who looks like her .
the direction is great as well , but the thing you will remember from the movie are the single images .
see for yourself what i mean .

1
for purposes of some kind of time line here , it 's necessary to start from the beginning .
metropolis was my graduation thesis for nyu film school in 1976 .
i was stationed in ( west ) germany in 1978 and actually arranged a showing at 's lindsay air station ( gone , thankfully ) through the william murnau .
i 've owned every version of this movie ever put out for public consumption .
so , i have to say this first : you must see the complete version of this movie !
through the new discovery of additional footage , a deeper and more complex story line than previously portrayed now emerges .
it 's also an astounding view through the portals of time back to the embryonic mindset of the nazi culture .
let 's start with the visuals .
to me , it was n't what lang and von harbou had in their minds to present , it was the fact that they were able to so completely realize the society and culture of metropolis on film down to the smallest detail .
there is n't just the hint of the way things are - it 's there right in front of you , bloody warts and all .
the cityscape recedes far in the distance , the cars stop and people actually get out of them in what seems to be over a mile away .
you know with today 's eyes that some if it is animated , but just how it was put together ( especially so long ago ) is still a source of amazement .
rotwang 's laboratory is full of arcane set pieces .
you have no idea of what he is doing when he generates the robot maria , but it and his performance look so convincing that you believe it anyway .
the theatrical acting so often found in silent movies is now tuned to a minimum due to the re-editing of scenes , the changing and of the inter title cards , and the inclusion of 25 minutes of additional scenes unseen since the original film 's premiere .
all of this was previously impossible .
the original film script had long disappeared , the film was incoherently re-edited for the us market , and there were no longer any clues as how to put it back together .
with the discovery of clues within the original film score composer 's archives and the german film censor 's board notes , the correct order of shots was finally reestablished , and now the film makes sense for the first time .
the following portions may contain spoilers ( really , you need to be warned about a film from 1927 ? ?
) : i find the structure of the society of metropolis to be baffling .
automation was understood when this film was made , in fact there 's automation present within the movie .
i can follow the idea of someone subjugating a class of people , but i ca n't follow the idea of that person making their lives so obviously into a time-bomb dangerous to oneself .
the workers are ( grudgingly ) allowing themselves to be tied to working with and within enormous machines , whose every function is tied to their performing the same task , over and over again .
should the person fail to perform their task for whatever reason , the entire complex is in 's understood that is to be the case by every worker as there is a indicator at every work station .
these tasks should logically be automated .
why do they need people to perform them when the society is advanced and seems perfectly capable of automation ?
why have they made the mechanics of the underground city so subject to human failure ?
and , why is the above-ground city so unprotected ?
for answers to this , i turn to the nazi culture .
in fact the movie and the nazis are very much tied together .
here 's a parallel equation to this movie for starters : why in the concentration camps did they use a dozen inmates to a heavy cart containing a package the size of a pack of cigarettes ?
it 's the same answer as in this movie .
it 's the same answer you find in the novel 1984 : it 's control for the gain of power 's sake only .
there 's no form of compassion , it 's all done for the party and for the party only .
there is no hope under this situation , only death .
even the film 's ending is hogwash , complete and and total nonsense .
you are being duped all the way .
do you really think the heart has performed mediation ?
joh frederson has now completely consolidated his power over his workers , and * that * was the idea of the nazis , the entire world at their feet with everything under their control .
the workers at the end of this movie are n't free , in fact as they march toward him at the film 's end they are in a triangular arrow formation with heads bowed .
they are even more submissive and restricted in that formation than in the rectangles they march in during the movie .
they have nothing , their city is destroyed .
they have no one to turn to except for joh frederson .
the workers have no thought , and not even the slightest bit of capacity for .
they are made by joh frederson 's society to be helpless without him .
joh frederson sure seems contrite at the film 's ending , but inside i bet he 's grinning .

1
metropolis shows how artful film could be before everyone viewed it as `` mere entertainment . ``
the power of the images in this movie is amazing , not just for 1926 , but for any time .
this film will never become outdated , anymore than `` david `` or the `` mona lisa `` will lose their charm .
it is not simply an `` early film , `` it is a piece of art fashioned with the media of moving images , fixed text , and pose acting .
these media are no more limited than paint , stone , or prose , and no less effective in the hands of an artist .
it makes me want to quit ignoring old b & w flicks and give them another chance .

1
this film is a myth .
in germany was a crucial period .
the depression was going to arrive soon with its unemployment , financial catastrophe , and nazism .
all that is clearly reflected in the film .
there are two levels in this city , the underground level for factories and the working class , and the top level for business people , politicians and other privileged people .
the latter dance , feast , do nothing but enjoy what other people under them create and produce .
this vision of a world cut in two social classes is quite common in those days though today it sounds a little bit schematic .
in these days everything was either black or white .
the trick in the film is that the son of the ruler of this metropolis falls in love with a certain maria from underground who preaches the coming of some kind of messiah to establish peace and freedom for all .
she preaches in the catacombs exclusively to working class people .
she represents some hope and patience .
but it all runs afoul when the ruler decides to get rid of his main counselor and to encourage his inventor to kidnap this maria to use her face on the inventor 's robot .
this robot then goes down underground and preaches rebellion and destruction .
the real maria , with the help of the ruler 's son and his fired main counselor will save all the children trapped in the underground city and will catch up on the crowd of working class people looking for vengeance in the name of their supposedly lost children .
luckily the good news will change the atmosphere , though not the fate of the false maria who is already burning at the stake , which reveals she is nothing but a robot .
then the inventor had managed to recapture the real maria and the ruler 's son runs after them .
the inventor will be defeated , maria saved and some kind of peace reestablished between the of the working class and the ruler of the metropolis , thanks to the intermission of the ruler 's son who appears to be the messiah or go-between they were waiting for .
the interest of the film here is that it is messianic because it foresees what is going to happen though it tries to avoid it or preach a middle way between the two extremes .
we have to think of h.g . wells and his time machine .
the two worlds are not incompatible , just not able to communicate any more .
the solution , the way out is for fritz lang the possibility to communicate again for these two classes , with a strong common ground which is found in some kind of christian inspiration mainly from the book of revelation .
but the main interest of the film is technical .
it is a film that associates some kind of animation , the filming of pictures , images and objects , and the filming of real characters in the setting that these images represent .
for the period it was very advanced and some of the special effects necessary for the depicting of the machines , the factories and the collapse of the underground city are extremely fascinating in spite of their rudimentary nature .
it is also a mute film and the acting is extremely expressive , even if the quantity of text is rather important .
the point is that the acting is probably just as expressive as charlie chaplin or buster keaton , but not in a comic direction , rather in a very tragic and dramatic way .
these actors and actresses are able to really express feelings only with their body language .
the best case is the main actress who plays both the real maria and the false maria .
she manages to contrast the two parts perfectly and only with her body language .
some of the visions contained in this film have since been used by many other filmmakers and imitated or even copied by many fiction writers .
we should also note the music which accompanies this film .
it is slightly repetitive but keeps some liveliness and originality .
dr jacques coulardeau , university of paris dauphine & university of paris 1 pantheon sorbonne

1
it is often assumed that ` metropolis ' , hitler 's favourite film and scripted by a future prominent national socialist , is a reactionary tract .
certainly its admirers tend to praise its futuristic sets and narrative construction , diminishing its apparent thematic purpose .
on a purely plot level , the movement is definitely towards closure , to the status quo after social fissures have erupted into mass violence , the workers from active destroyers to passive .
and certainly , the main protagonists , mostly from the ruling class , are humanised , given a psychology of their own , while the workers are an easily mass , some even given bestial features , as if they are not quite human .
there is a radical tradition in german cinema , going from lang through sirk to fassbinder that uses the resources of narrative to subvert its ends .
the ending of sirk 's ` final accord ' , for instance , seems to offer an exemplary image of nazi ideology , when sirk 's procedures have been to dismantle it .
the same process is at work here , and in the same terms - the film 's very constituents explain why it does n't offer closure .
this is a film about decadence .
` metropolis ' is no nightmare ; the peak of absolute control is past , now large cracks are beginning to appear - even the paint seems to be peeling off .
jon frederson 's anxious face is not that of a self-confident dictator .
this uncertainty in subject matter is matched by the form .
the narrative actually consists of four dreams .
` metropolis ' the film itself is lang 's horrified dream of the future after visiting manhattan .
more directly , there are three cases of people literally dreaming within the film .
freder is the one most prone to visions and hallucinations , unable to see what 's in front of him without idealising or demonising it .
when he see maria apparently wooing his father , his idealism is crushed , and he goes mad , having hysterical nightmares conflating religion , lust and death .
the important point is the way freder dreams disrupt the film 's ` objective ' narration .
as in all of lang 's work , much of the plot information is filtered through point of view ; if this point of view is suspect , how reliable is the plot information ; and , more pertinently , its resolution ?
there is a crucial ambiguity in the scene where frederson and rotwang reveal to the ruling class the robot maria .
formally , in its hallucinatory quality , its subjective focus , and in lang 's editing , the sequence seems to be freder 's dream , but it contains narrative action he is not party to .
this ambiguity is never resolved , and , as the narrative pitch heightens and becomes more excessive at this point , it is plausible that the second half is one long hallucination .
maria too dreams , as she lies wired to the robot , who is a conventionally freudian double for her dark desires .
where maria 1 is more of a spirit than a person , by light to the point where she seems like a ghost , the ` evil ' maria is all body , a sexual creature ; where maria 1 is linked to children ( the future ) , maria 2 rejoices in the end of the world .
this fissure in maria creates the social fissure that leads to the revolt , but it also leads to a complication of characterisation that undermines the resolution .
the final dream is that of the workers , who sleepwalk their way through life .
like maria , the second half of the film is a giant emanation of the id , a revolt .
their political transgression is sexualised , the phallic monuments symbolising their repression ejaculating in a flood .
the geography of ` metropolis ' is also a physiology , with the city a map of the mind , broken down by warring impulses , and the wear and tear of daily modern life .
this ambiguity of status - is it dream of reality - determines the whole film : in motifs , for instance - the final , hesitant handshake mirrors two previous ones that no good ; the images of the circle and the triangle , in the shapes of buildings and objects , in lang 's composition of characters and space , proliferate throughout the film , often subliminally creating a pattern of repetition and power relations that undermine the straight line of the narrative ( for instance , the vicious circle of power and revolt being part of the same cycle of repression ) .
the site of the ending on the steps of a cathedral symbolise a christian and redemption , after the incendiary revolt , with ` devils ' cast out in what we would now call a hitchcockian finale ( lang , as usual , getting there first ) ; but the inferno continues , in the monotonous routine of the workers ' lives , and in the underground setting of their work and homes .
` metropolis ' is replete with religious symbolism - maria as a virgin mother ; freder as christ , doubting his , his exhausted arms in a crucifixion pose at the dial - but these are usually .
maria 's message of hope may be delivered in an abandoned church , but it is also a catacomb , a burial place , and the scene ( the scariest in cinema ?
) where she is hunted by rotwang , her terrified eyes being directed towards mounds of death , tend to diminish the religious rapture , with her pacifism linked to the workers ' death .
the holy family motif is turned by freder 's sexual neurosis into an oedipal complex when he catches maria with his father , unleashing visions of the seven deadly sins .
the witch-burning is not a very redemptive resurgence of an older , less forgiving christian sentiment .
the mixture of different genres - futuristic fantasy , gothic horror , psychological thriller , suspense movie etc . - reflects the conflation of different historical , which makes ` metropolis ' an archetypal post-modern space .
if history is rendered uniform and , hence , forgotten , than its lessons will be forgotten , as will the closing redemption , when we can expect the same old mistakes to be made again .
most importantly , the investigation of voyeurism and surveillance , and its link to power and oppression , implicate both the director and the audience - the maria 2 strip-tease to an orgy of disembodied eyes is only the most extreme case - and further deny the impulse to resolution and distance .
lang knows perfectly well the limitations of the script , and his film is an act of opposition to it and its assumptions .

1
when a film has as much temperament as metropolis its like there 's another individual watching it besides you .
and as grand as this feeling may be , there 's always a partially visible shadow beside you next time you want to watch a film that ca n't quite live up to its predecessor 's solitary presence .
it feels more like a grainy silhouette at best .
saying it is a blueprint that caused scriptwriters lead to diminish from the multitude of brainwaves it spawned would be a bigger understatement than saying , well just that .
it is , the blueprint that securely holstered the pistol that fired the concepts that worked tremendously on some ( the matrix , star wars ) and not so well on others , undeserving of mention .
freder , the born son of metropolis overlord , frederson , departs his haven of towering futuristic vision for the stark , dystopian world beneath the wealth that dwelled so ignorantly above , after gazing upon the heaven sent maria .
haplessly he embarks to her fair grace only to discover she has branched a prophecy concerning earth 's working and social division .
the restoration of lost footage , does n't produce the ray of sunshine a 1080p gloss of the original footage does , but it faithfully has n't been clumped carelessly in the special features section , or , goodness forbid , shunted on the back of the film like a uncomplimentary prologue .
it chronologically has been placed , ( panic over ) which makes you appreciate how bad the condition the footage must have originally been in contrast to the gleaming eye bulging of characters like rotwang .
a naturally high delivery of perfection is inevitable .
the pulse that is responsible for the lively beat of the thousands it has created , not just directly but through inspiration from the inspired that are n't aware of the existence of metropolis .
if the stepping of the story feels all the too much of an acquired taste or just underwhelming from the lack of friendly experience then by all means stick with neo .
but if reassured of its importance , watching metropolis should feel a natural and much wanted obligation , to lend your eyes and ears gratefully to the people ( mostly ) responsible for what has become of such a known genre .

1
i recently saw the 2010 version of `` metropolis `` , with the additional 25 minutes found in a film museum of buenos aires .
i have a long relationship with this fritz lang 's film .
i think that i have seen it more than 30 times .
in the early 1980s , while working for public television in , i had to adjust its soundtrack ( with a version of its original score by gottfried huppertz ) , and later i had to add spanish subtitles .
this version guided by , was the official version then , although it was known that there was lost footage .
then i saw the `` paramount version `` ( 1928 ) , a mutilation based on channing pollock 's prosaic and simplistic reinterpretation of its story .
after this i saw giorgio moroder 's `` rock and roll version `` ( 1984 ) , which i found only interesting for the inclusion of a few lost images .
then i had to study the film for a book published in 1995 , for which i read about the lost scenes related to hel , the mother of freder , the young protagonist of `` metropolis `` .
the reading of this subplot shed light to what i already knew about the story , making it more coherent : loved by the owner of metropolis , joh fredersen , and by the scientist rotwang , hel died when she gave birth to freder .
this originated rotwang 's hatred for fredersen , and his betrayal .
when he creates the robot with maria 's face , rotwang gives her orders contrary to those by joh fredersen : instead of encouraging discord among the workers , the robot makes them revolt against fredersen and destroy the machines .
this subplot -- as well as the complicity between freder and josaphat , the worker his father fires , and the destiny of worker in the hands of the thin man , after being replaced by freder in the machines room - was incorporated in the 2001 version , by using stills and intertitles , until 2008 when argentinean archivists found a complete version of the film , containing moving images of those lost elements of the story , all shot by lang .
although this version also confirmed that there were shots different in scale , angle or acting from one version to another , there was no existing footage to compare these new 25 minutes to .
with the surviving intertitle lists that the distributor in norway had submitted to the censors in late 1920s , the correct translation of the argentinean titles could be made , and so the 2010 version appeared , which is a must for any film specialist .
however the new material was in such a bad condition , that it was not possible to make a satisfactory restoration , from which we could derive complete visual or intellectual pleasure : after watching long sections of material in optimal conditions , when the `` new `` , opaque and severely scratched shots are added , the hypnotic effect is lost and we are distracted from the story being told .
instead of being a cinematic trip with ideas , or a science-fiction drama , the experience is turning more and more into a freak show of the film that was , that is no longer there , full of stills and explanatory title cards , and now the dull and scratched buenos aires material .
it is obvious that this was not the idea of any of the talents involved in this magnum opus , but as martin ( head specialist of this restoration ) declares , it is important to incorporate this material ( for now , hoping a better copy appears someday ) , because it is part of the story of `` metropolis `` , part of the vicissitudes in the history of art , of the history of the seventh art , of the history of cinema in capitalist societies , where a work of art can be destroyed to make a few millions .
in the end , it was registered by unesco in the memory of the world catalog , and the original message that was scorned and ridiculed by leftists , is still valid : the heart is the mediator between the brain and the hands .
in spite of all the efforts , until all the footage of `` metropolis `` has a minimum of visual quality , these intents to restore it will only have archival and value , since they generate only a small portion of the fluid and full cinematic pleasure sought by the original version .

1
fritz lang 's the complete metropolis is one of the best silent movies of all time .
this film was the most expensive of its time and it really pays off , but it is a shame that it was mostly overlooked back in the day .
i had the opportunity of watching this film in a screening series and i am so happy that i was able to have that opportunity .
i had never heard of this spectacular movie before this , and i ca n't believe it has taken this long .
the movie overall was exciting and haunting at times .
the characters were showcased by superb acting and it is very apparent throughout the film the immense skills each actor contains .
the film loses no points on acting or over dramatization .
the film contains many crazy scenes ; it is almost like being inside crazy persons head for a day .
the plot is intense and suspenseful ; you stay on your toes the entire screening .
in addition , this films score is awesome , everything is fast pace , but you still continue to feel like you are in the movie .
one of the main characters hel is just intense throughout the movie and captures the facial expressions of a sadistic human being .
i found it very interesting to watch her in the movie because she looked possessed each time she was filmed .
when thinking about the time period when this movie was made it is almost remarkable to think that one could accomplish so much with little technology that we have today .
i would highly recommend this movie to anyone .
i greatly enjoyed it and look forward to watching it again soon .
this is one of the best movies of all time , and i can easily choose this movie over big newer block buster 's such as avatar .
watch this movie you will not be sorry the visuals , props , expressions are worth everything !

1
this film is simply state-of-the-art .
timeless - i do n't think it would be possible for this film to become dated , it deals with issues that humanity has had to focus on since the beginnings of history .
this film cost 5 million marks to make and flopped financially simply because the american market thought silent films were passe .
this film is not passe .
the cinematography is astounding , and the set design is simply unparalleled .
even by today 's standards i 'm hard pressed to think of a film that looks as impressive considering the technology they had available in 1925 , when this was made .
the 2 hour run time for a silent film gets a bit slow at times , but i blame that on my impatience as a contemporary film watcher .
the sad truth is that society today just ca n't appreciate slower films as much any more , and i 'm at times no exception .
that aside , i was never bored , and when this film started cooking , it was * cooking * !
this film is the quintessential science fiction film , the film that everything from frankenstein to blade runner borrowed from .
it has many firsts , and quite a few of them will never be repeated .
fritz lang 's genius shines through here , solidly placing him on the pedestal next to and fassbinder in the elite of german film-making .
what more can i say ?
everyone should see this film , if not for the pioneering aspect , then simply because it 's a beautiful film from beginning to end .
it 's a shame that the original prints were lost and that some scenes are missing .
i 'd love to see an original cut of the german release .
simply one of the all time best , a definite 10/10 ! !

1
i have always had more respect than love for this film .
for a start , i prefer lang 's american films in general , because the german ones , outstanding as they are , can be so heavy , and more depressing than even i can take .
secondly , i felt that despite metropolis ' remarkable imagery , there was something simplistic and trite about the film 's ` message ' , and that its politics were more than a little dodgy .
thirdly , on a television , the overpowering visuals seemed more like a clever .
but mostly , i was put off by georgio moroder 's horrendous vandalism of the film , with his infantile tinting , and his vile music , where his previously impeccable disco pedigree was replaced by a hideous , grating , monstrosity of a tinny , tin-eared , ` score ' .
rather than face that , i 've always turned the sound down and played bruckner , which is more than a little unsatisfactory .
last night i saw metropolis in the cinema , and the experience was astonishing and revelatory .
i can see now why it is revered by so many , a judgement that had puzzled me previously .
it is german , and heavy and depressing , but it has a remarkable playfulness absent from much of lang 's work - the fatuous arcadian idyll juxtaposed with the constructivist catacombs of the workers ; the introduction of john frederson , master of the metropolis , with his impeccably attired toadies ; the mad inventor , rotwang ; any scene with the wonderful , disruptive , so preferable to her pious progenitor - a jerky , of frankenstein - witness especially the jawdropping scene where frederson reveals her to his cronies , belly-dancing .
these scenes , and many more , do much to leaven and the film 's considerable gloom , without ever undermining it .
as for the film 's simplistic plea , lang does everything in his awesome power to destabilise his wife ( and future nazi ) 's schematic script .
the film is not simply futuristic science fiction , but exists or refers to three temporal levels - the in which the film takes place ; the vast images this present is contrasted with , showing that history is not a straight line of progress , but a perpetual repetition of greed , power , repression and destruction ; and the medieval , religious world maria leads the workers to as a site of hope and peace .
all three involve the repression or subservience of the workers .
the medieval realm , which , with its heavy incense and gloom , is quite literally intoxicating , filmed in the style of engravings , mirroring the inferno and the circles of hell of the workplace at the beginning , thoroughly negating the redemption offered by maria .
this dichotomy is mirrored in the father/son crisis that structures the film .
this parent/child relationship pervades metropolis ( e.g . maria and the children ; the inventor and the robot ) , but rather than assert tradition and order , they spiral into chaos and destruction .
the is linked to death and corruption for the son 's hallucinations , as he ( like the inventor ) the seven deadly sins in one extraordinary sequence after discovering maria 's ` betrayal ' .
the whole film is a well of repressed urges bursting to the surface , literally so when the very phallic gas tanks burst open .
sexual repression and political repression are intimately linked , and their rising to the surface provide some of the film 's most compelling images .
and yet the politics , to me , remain very very suspect .
metropolis begins as a scathing critique of totalitarianism , and its links with modern capitalism ( especially in the us ) , but ends upholding it , trying to make it work .
although lang undermines the obscene reconciliation at the end , by showing the sheer destructive glee of revolution , and making the workers as unthinking and as ever , following the foreman , it is not hard to see why this was hitler 's favorite film .
lang has not found a way of giving ` the mass ' an individual voice without demonising it , and the clearly semitic mad inventor ( he has stars of david on both his door and in his lab ; his frankenstein narrative of creation and destruction draws on the jewish myth of the golem ; his bug-eyed insanity is very similar to contemporary caricatures ) is shown to be the root of all the problems in the film , from the creation of the robot , to the flaws in the city 's infrastructure .
once he has been disposed of , order can be restored , the master can repress to his heart 's content , while seeming to befriend the workers .
i am running out of time , and i 've so much more to say .
on the big screen , the true majesty of the set design blooms , but it is not the fully developed , peopled world of , say , blade runner .
rather , this is a dream space - appropriate to a nightmare vision of modern society - barely populated .
when a crowd walks , or a car suddenly drives by , it is like a dream figure in a vast oneiric landscape , not a regular feature of everyday life .
the social rupture of the film 's subject matter is figured in the apparently unassailable inhumanity of the buildings - they are unstable and distorted , waiting to collapse .
the faded image of the video is replaced by an extraordinary , beautiful , clear , sharp picture , a triumph of geometry ; an inhuman grid over humanity that finally bursts in the son 's remarkable expressionist frenzy .
lastly is the score .
the print i saw was provided by the british film institute , and the music was amazing , a victory of understanding , eclecticism , and invention over moroder 's idiocies .
jazz alternates with industrial noise or mystical , medieval chanting ; sound effects are used with unerring , evocative precision ; every scene was enriched by a that actually commented on each image , providing an interpretation or insight we may have missed .
i wish i had n't forgotten the composer 's name - kasper something , i think - but i urge you to see this bfi version , because with anything else you really need n't bother ; you 're cheating lang , and you 're cheating yourself .
genius .

1
this is fritz lang 's silent masterpiece & still worth viewing today .
it is really an amazing silent film & a true science fiction masterpiece that has influenced many modern filmmakers and not just the science fiction ones .
it has become somewhat known that while lang worked on producing this miracle , one of his students was alfred hitchcock .
hitch learned well from his teacher because you see lang 's silent influence in a majority of his films .
the technique of telling a story with pictures was never done better than this film .
hitchcock at his most brilliant would later do the same thing in his action-suspense films .
when you understand this & watch hitchcocks films again , you realize just what i mean .
an amazing testament to lang 's talent is the fact that the rest of the cast in this movie could have been anyone and it did n't really matter .
the ultimate film maker made this film , and influenced the rest of film history through the rest of the 20th century & even now some into the 21st .

1
metropolis transcends being a work of genius to being a piece of art that inspired genius .
take for example dr.strangelove 's gloved hand , blade runner 's futuristic vision , 2001 's uncontrollable machine that is set to destroy man , frankstein 's mad scientist and more recently gattaca 's society .
the vision for all these classics partly derives from this silent german classic which was probably the most expensive made till that time .
it holds the honor of being the first film on the unesco `` memory of the `` list .
metropolis is stunning whether viewed as a great step in cinematic history and achievement , an inspirational sci-fi movie , an epic battle of good and evil , an expressionist masterpiece , a visual tour-de-force or a religious allegory .
unfortunately , despite great care in restoration , the best version available , in fact the only one that does justice to fritz lang 's original vision , is the 2002 version now available on dvd .
entire chunks of the film have been lost forever and even this most complete of versions is barely 3/4ths of the original release .
however , narrative text helps in bridging the gaps .
a brief synopsis of the basic setting and central characters of metropolis : the setting is a futuristic world built on several levels .
the lower levels are inhabited by the hands - workers who use their hands to run the machines .
there is no joy in their lives and their depressing setting is accentuated by their dull drab clothing and a horrific sequence where the furnace turns into a monstrous idol 's head and they become his sacrificial victims .
this is contrasted with the higher levels , open spaces , light clothing , women of pleasure , joy and cheer and the great tower of babel .
the tower is home to the brain - chiefly manifested in joh fredersen , an oligarch , businessman and dictator rolled into one .
joh is portrayed brilliantly by alfred abel - a man without compassion for the workers , who have been put where they belong !
sitting in his tower of babel , he does not know how to communicate with his workers or with mad scientist rotwang .
to mediate between head and heart are born two heroes of the time .
there is the virginal maria who inspires the workers to love and feel compassion .
her angelic visage is used to create a robot that can lead the workers in following rotwang 's destructive agenda .
she protects and leads the children during the great flood .
joh 's son , the heart falls in love with maria and is the one destined to either mediate between the hands and the brain or die trying .
the basic themes and class struggle of metropolis is given epic form not just by complex themes and heroes and villains .
the wonderful expressionist sets - built on a grand scale give it a grandeur that few films even of the digital age can boast .
the cinematography and lighting are perfect and there are moments of breath-taking beauty .
my favorite is when maria first addresses the workers - the messianic biblical overtones set a standard for future `` sword and sandal `` epics .
the entire sequence where the heart freder gets lost in rotwang 's insane house is one of the first great horror scenes .
metropolis is above all a work of great beauty that can be viewed repeatedly to seek new meaning .
just one of many modern parallels would be the middle eastern city-state of dubai with its ivory towers and the teeming millions of `` `` who are the hands that built that city .

1
it was in my book 1001 movies you must see before you die , i knew it was a silent film , but when i got the opportunity to try it , i am very pleased i did , from director fritz lang ( m , the big heat ) .
i should mention the film was originally 2 hours and 23 minutes in length when it was released , much of the footage has been lost , but with what has remained , this shortened ( 1 hour and 59 minutes ) version of the sci-fi masterpiece is still an inspiration .
anyway , set in the future ( 2000 , or 2026 , both of which far away back then ) in the city of metropolis , and the humans are divided into two groups : thinkers ( who enjoy the life in the city , not knowing how anything works ) , and the workers ( who run the city from underground , and achieve all the goals ) .
one thinker , freder ( gustav frã¶hlich ) , son of the city 's running man john fredersen ( alfred abel ) , dares to go below after following his love interest maria ( brigitte helm ) , and after experiencing their world for himself , he joins her cause to try and get both worlds together .
meanwhile , freder 's father discovers scientist c.a . rotwang ( rudolf klein-rogge ) has created a robot , that will take the form of maria , to get control of the underworld back , and get freder out the way .
the real maria is imprisoned by rotwang , while her copy is appearing on stage ( in the city ) as an exotic dancer .
unfortunately the maria copy returns to the underworld , and plans for all the workers to rebel , and destroy the `` heart machine `` that powers the city .
neither freder nor grot ( heinrich george ) , the machine 's foreman , can stop them , and as a result , the machine is destroyed , and the city becomes flooded with both revolting workers and water .
in the end , grot and all the workers finds maria , who the hold responsible , and they burn her to death , thankfully , it was her copy , and her creator rotwang also gets what he deserves , and freder fulfils his role as the `` mediator `` .
also starring fritz rasp as slim , theodor loos as josaphat and erwin as worker .
the visuals are magnificent , costing back then an estimated $ ( imagine how much that would be in today 's money ) , the cityscapes , underground caverns and little special effects are wonderful to look at , the iconic robot ( which inspired the look for c-3po in star wars ) looks great , and the film features brilliant music by gottfried huppertz , one of the best influential silent films ever made .
outstanding !

1
certain films will always be recognized as standing the proverbial test of time , making their mark in the pantheon of the most influential , memorable and near flawlessly crafted films in the history of the industry .
upon viewing in a contemporary context , even over 80 years after its initial release , the recognition of metropolis , director fritz lang 's masterpiece , among such a list proves indisputable .
the catalyst for all ensuing science fiction films and tremendously influential even outside of the genre it essentially pioneered , the sheer imagination and vision behind metropolis prove its indisputable quality decades after its time .
a tremendously ambitious and controversial feat when first released , the political and thematic content riddling the film 's impressively complex storyline are astounding , proving an early testament for the potential of big budget films to resonate with strong thematic content as opposed to being simply entertaining .
taking notes from marx , among other prominent schools of thought , the revolutionary dystopian vision of a colony of workers rebelling against the alienated upper classes proves a daring and fiercely compelling watch even to this day , let alone for a film made in germany in the 1920s .
similarly , the film makes a particularly effective science-fiction piece by proving frighteningly prophetic from grander themes of commodity culture to smaller touches , with ideas which would have seemed outlandish at the time such as video phones and `` machine men `` starting to become disconcerting realities .
while parts of the original film may be lost , as they are summed up by title cards in the same way dialogue was conveyed , the occasional lapse in pacing hardly distracts from the gripping and astonishingly powerful narrative .
similarly , the film 's dynamic visual style is equally laudable , and the entire film captivates with a hypnotic , entrancing beauty .
the expressionist influenced futuristic sets and buildings and surprisingly advanced visual effects never fail to captivate , and the frequent moody lighting is an aesthetic delight .
sequences such as the opening scene of columns of repressed workers trudging to work to freder 's cinematically innovative hallucination of death striking the city to mad inventor rotwang 's construction of the iconic `` machine man `` to the allegorical tale of the tower of babel prove utterly unforgettable , with lang conjuring up a dramatic intensity essentially unparalleled in its time .
such seamless quality both technically and thematically has scarcely been glimpsed to such a degree since , and the film 's incredible influence becomes increasingly clear in other works after viewing it .
while the film is seldom praised for its acting , considering the expressionist conventions of over-exaggerated facial expressions and movement to express inner sentiments , the film comes as across as far less melodramatic than one might expect , though the distinctly different performance styles may prove unsettling or unintentionally comical to a contemporary audience .
gustav frã¶hlich is a suitably engaging and charismatic lead as the young son of the city 's founder who becomes increasingly disgusted with the harsh mistreatment of the working class denizens .
as his distant father , alfred abel turns in a poignant performance as frederson , founder of metropolis , consumed by his own ambition to the point of losing touch with the world around him .
rudolf klein-rogge is unforgettable and enormously entertaining as twisted inventor rotwang , setting the standard for countless ` mad scientist ' figures to follow .
similarly , brigitte helm is both luminous and horrifying in turn , portraying both the earnest figurehead for a working class resistance movement who attracts the attention of the impressionable freder , and a ` demonic ' incarnation of herself portrayed by rotwang 's devious `` machine man `` .
visionary , innovative and desperately socially relevant , lang 's disturbing and captivating labour of love holds its own against the ages , proving nearly as staggeringly impressive an achievement in a current day context as its initial release over 80 years ago .
at the risk of lapsing into clichã© , they simply do not make movies like this anymore , and upon viewing such a masterful work , it is an increasing shame .
-10 / 10

1
i am so happy that i saw this film again recently on turner classic movies .
i first saw it many years ago on a cheap public domain videotape and i was not that impressed by the film .
the print was of dubious quality and the story itself not overly impressive .
but , when tcm released a newly restored version , the print was nearly pristine , the new orchestra music was fantastic and actually fit the film and , more importantly , the film was significantly longer -- by about 20 minutes !
it seems that over the years , so much of this film was cut here and there and the film degraded so much , that anyone watching these inferior versions is strongly recommended to see it again in its better form .
now this better form is n't 100 % perfect , as there were a few tiny places where they had to insert stills to complete the scenes ( a practice becoming more and more common with restored silent films and even some sound ones like lost horizon ) .
the story , now that i see it in its original form , is n't really just a sci-fi movie per se -- and that is what elevates it to greatness .
instead , it 's a wonderful allegory about alienation and modern society .
it 's talk of unions and revolution was very potent stuff in its day and considering what was going on in germany at the time , the over-blown sci-fi aspect of the film ignores the struggle between communism and a fascism .
superb direction , sets and a grandeur few films of the day can come close to equaling .
an absolute must-see .

1
expecting a lot out a 1927 movie is a bit much except when you see screens and futuristic nods to what may come .
for silent era film , this was way above the heads of what most folks in the 20s could have conceived the future to look like .
metropolis is a slightly incomplete film due to some of the footage having been lost but a few years back , some lost footage was found to complete more of this fantastic film .
not only that , if you saw the grainy version years ago on vhs , the kino version is digitally restored and * razor * sharp .
so good in fact , you 'll see detail you 've never seen with the low-res vhs version .
the additional footage and supplemental material is great .
give the restored version a try as it has had new life breathed into it .
i think you 'll be pleasantly surprised at how much you 're missing out .
( update : apparently someone recently unearthed a nearly complete version , albeit scratched , in south america so hopefully we 'll finally see all the good missing stuff !
read it here : )

1
i had been itching to see metropolis for a very long time .
i finally did it ; it was everything i hoped for and more .
its now my favorite silent film ( ahead of other classics like the general and battleship potemkin ) .
its a shame that several parts have been lost , but the newest restoration is still very coherent .
the special effects and set designs are the most obvious strength .
they are still impressive today .
there is not a single moment of unconvincing or misplaced special effects .
many of the scenes left me in awe .
the city models are incredible : huge skyscrapers , a complex network of streets , grueling machinery .
everything was well thought out .
to imagine that these designs were conceived 80 years ago and remain realistic is mind blowing .
i also found the characters to be a strong point .
each one had a distinct personality and beliefs .
freder makes a good hero , rotwang makes a good villain , joh frederson makes a believable city head , and maria is a perfect woman .
i grew attached to each of the characters , even the minor ones .
the plot is also strong , even though the message seems disconnected from today 's society .
it still has a timeless theme that should be remembered .
the story has many twists and turns , but manages to develop smoothly .
metropolis is the ultimate silent science fiction movie .
practically anyone will be impressed by the special effects and theme , if nothing else .

1
probably the second best silent movie i 've ever seen , ( frank capra 's the matinã©e idol still rules ) , but that 's saying something .
its a futuristic dystopian masterpiece about a world in which the rich live in beautiful glass palaces , ignorant or otherwise indifferent to the plight of the majority of the population , impoverished and overworked manual laborers who are relegated to living in a subterranean inner city .
note the marxist undertones , which are not at all subtle .
the political commentary of the bourgeoise vs. the proletariat , and the classic david vs. goliath theme are well conveyed .
it was beautiful , and totally lives up to its praise as a `` visionary masterpiece . ``
fritz lang is a cinematic genius , and the emotion flows beautifully from darkly comedic to hysterical to somber .
a true epic .

1
there are movies that are good because they are entertaining , there are movies that are good because tell interesting stories , there are movies that are good because of the beauty of then images they contain and there are movies that are good because of being innovative .
but only the best ones come up with all of those qualities .
fritz lang 's groundbreaking and breathtaking sci-fi epic metropolis is certainly one of those movies and without doubt it can not only be regarded as the mother of all science fiction films .
metropolis is an amazing piece of art that unfortunately has been meddled with in the past .
yet the restored version with the original soundtrack gives a good impression of how stunning the film originally must have been .
a must-see for everybody that is interested in film .

1
metropolis is a silent science fiction film created by the famed austrian director fritz lang .
produced in germany in the studios during the brief years of the weimar republic and released in 1927 , it was the most expensive silent film of the time , costing approximately 7 million ( equivalent to around $ 200 million in 2005 ) to make .
the screenplay was written in 1924 by lang and his wife , thea von harbou , and by von harbou in 1926 .
it is set in a futuristic urban dystopia , and , like its contemporary the battleship potemkin , addresses the then-current political themes of capitalism vs. communism .

1
i first saw this in a science fiction class in college .
it was an actual movie in class .
wow !
i had read about fritz lange and his contributions to the cinema and i had seen still pictures from this film .
i was astonished that it had been made in 1927 .
the special effects , particularly those within the city , are amazing .
the basic premise , the haves and the have nots works very well .
lange turned his people into machines and had them toil darkly for little , reducing them to automatons .
this is remindful of `` the city in the clouds , `` a star trek episode where those in power ca n't fathom what the enslaved miners must do every day .
of course it 's about collectivism and socialism and all those other - isms .
it 's also about people and how they come to see themselves as oppressors .
the fun-loving lifestyle is set in the middle of the poverty and pain of those who have nothing .
there are wonderful expressions in close ups of faces , both expressing their misery and being empathetic toward it .
the film gathers momentum toward revolution .
it 's the age old story .
it 's presented in a masterful way .
perhaps this is the best of all the silent films because of its content and its political implications .
i wonder what the capitalists of the early 20th century thought of the movie .

1
this will be the first non-american film that i have posted a comment about ! !
`` metropolis `` is an all time classic which induces creative imagery and a dehumanizing montage of robotics into an eerie genre of sensationalism ! !
this dismal drama is accompanied with lingering classical music theatrics ! !
the with what we associate with the effervescence of the human spirit has assertively besieged all of society , and heartfelt emotions have become reduced to the precarious improvements of biological progress ! !
this german film which was made in 1927 , perpetuated the trepidations of many people who feared the social pitfalls of mankind ! !
on the horizon for germany , was the ubiquitous monster of triple digit inflation , hence , it would stand to reason that they would just engage in a pejorative dissertation concerning the total demise of man 's world altogether .
.
start with the fact , that in this computerized citadel of negative utopia , the prevailing moral debasement which afflicted everyone , merely compounded man 's insatiable lust ! !
the perplexities of day to day living evoked a desensitizing callousness with homo sapien interaction ! !
such cynical speculation delves into a rudimentary exploitation of fear , this is so often times an effective tool for preying on the skepticism of human nature ! !
i thought this film had a particularly astute message concerning the demise of the individual 's resolve and resilience ! !
`` metropolis `` was a major indictment of our yearning as a society to unabashedly categorize individuals , stigmatize them , and label them as uniform vermin meat ! !
this disconcerting generalization of the human race ultimately makes the population very uncivilized ! !
as a result , all of them would functionally cease and desist as people , and become nothing significantly more than generic chattel ! !
it is man 's greatest fear that women will seek vengeance on man , because women perceive men to be the creatures who relegated them to the plight of submissive automatons ! !
so what if the shoe were put on the other foot ?
this would be an misogynist 's 's nightmare ! !
this movie is an utterly scathing against our society 's hegemony ! !
i felt that `` `` was very well made , and it was way ! !
ahead of it 's time ! !
given that this film was made in 1927 , the cinematography was spectacular ! !
`` metropolis `` `` battleship potemkin `` and `` intolerance `` are considered to be the three best silent pictures ever made ! !
i thought `` metropolis `` was an absolutely fantastic film ! !
see this film as an uplifting outlet for intellectual intrigue ! !

1
as one of the earliest examples of cinematic science fiction fantasy , director fritz lang 's `` metropolis `` `` ranks as an unparalleled achievement in its size , scope , and vision .
forty years would elapse before stanley kubrick 's `` 2001 : a space odyssey `` ( 1968 ) would rival lang 's epic spectacle about a troubled , dystopian society fractured along the fault lines of the economic inequality isolating the haves and the have-nots .
nevertheless , nothing could ever be said to surpass `` metropolis `` as a film of beauty , majestic , and surrealism .
the preamble encapsulates the film 's timeless , universal message : `` it has a moral that grows on the pillar of understanding .
the mediator between the brain and muscle must be the heart . `` ''
metropolis `` inspired generations of filmmakers with its use of state-of-the-art visual effects that transformed the science fiction film .
thea von harbou 's saga about an evil robot is designed by a vengeful inventor to impersonate a flesh & blood female christ figure and incite anarchy can clearly be traced as a source of inspiration to many contemporary sci-fi films and television shows , such as the `` terminator `` franchise , `` robocop `` franchise , `` blade runner , `` `` logan 's run , `` `` the fifth element , `` and battlestar galactic . ``
the `` metropolis `` robot was not the first robot , but it was unmistakably the seminal one that sired a long line of cinematic robots .
the famous transformation scene where the robot turns into a human foreshadows the `` frankenstein `` franchise .
many detractors of lang 's visionary work -- primarily noted sci-fi author h.g . wells -- derided it as shallow and his criticisms are not without substance .
indeed , the characters lack depth because they represent archetypes instead of individuals in a larger-than-life story .
the spectacle , this marxist chronicle of humanity at odds with itself over machinery , and the anarchy that emerges from this division makes `` metropolis `` a memorable mediation about our flawed society , part sci-fi , part horror and a statement about the incompatibility polarity that comes about between those who control and those who are controlled .
again , von harbou 's theme with greater intensity .
the virtuous maria would say that the head and the hands would need a mediator and the mediator would be the heart .
you can not understand and appreciate science fiction as a cinematic genre until you see that every sci-fi film owes a debt of gratitude to lang 's masterly work of genius .
actually , while lang would make many great movies in a long career , the legendary austrian director never made another sci-fi film that surpassed this milestone .
a malevolent robot , messianic crusaders , a patriarchal titan of industry , a mad scientist with vengeance in his heart , and masses of mindless men and women enslaved by the patriarch constitute the array of characters in this milestone of german expressionist cinema that embraces art-deco in his architectural designs .
scenarist thea von harbou and fritz lang assembled these protagonists and antagonists for the clash of the century with visuals that were designed to overwhelm 1920 's audiences by their sheer beauty and grandeur .
in the annals of science fiction film , these special effects , involving the use of mirrors to supplement shots of live action , matte paintings for sprawling cityscapes , and miniatures of the city , were singular .
all the planes , trains , and automobiles in the long shots were done either with wires pulling them along or photography .
reportedly , lang got the idea for his cityscape from a trip to manhattan , but there are too many undocumented stories about lang and his inspiration so you 'd have to read the biographies available about his life to sort out the fiction from the facto .
one thing is certain lang was more a film dictator than a director and he toiled endlessly and made his cast and collaborators toil to forge his vision .
lang drove his actors , actresses , and technical crew like a slave driver and often exhibited a sense of perfectionism that defied civility and common sense .
he amounted to a cinematic herod .
while `` metropolis `` qualifies as sci-fi , the film also dabbles in the disaster film .
the villainous father of the hero , joh fredersen ( alfred abel ) , enlists the evil inventor , c.a . rotwang ( rudolf klein-rogge ) , to create a robot look-alike of the virginal heroine , maria , who preaches a gospel of sorts to unit the workers .
rotwang dresses in dark colors , has wind-blown hair , and wears a black glove on his right hand .
fredersen wants rotwang to forge a robot that can assume the identity of marie ( brigitte helm ) , mislead the masses , and get them to destroy themselves .
joh has obtained secret plans for meetings among the workers and wants to thwart them .
when they learn about the meeting , rotwang escorts joh down into the 2000 year old catacombs to witness marie preaching her gospel of unification and that is where joh sees his son freder ( gustav frã¶hlich ) appear and embrace maria .
freder has been smitten by maria since he saw her first early in the film .
she entered the club of sons where freder cavorted with various women .
freder was so stricken by marie that he descended to the depths where the workers operated the machines and witnessed a meltdown .
joh is worried about his son 's dalliance with the workers because it threatens to destroy everything that he has worked for so many years .
eventually , the false maria does mislead the workers into destroying the machines and the loss of power leads to a flood that wipes out their homes .
lang deals with one of his recurring themes : mob violence .
he explored mob violence in `` m `` ( 1931 ) with peter lorre and `` fury `` ( 1936 ) with spencer tracy .
although `` metropolis `` has been available as an inexpensive public domain film for over 40 years , kino video has released a splendid restored version that true movie lovers will genuinely appreciate for its clarity of picture .
meanwhile , this is one hell of a silent german movie !

1
why is it , i have asked myself a great many times in my time , that before a revolutionary film or book becomes recognized as a classic , that it has to be neglected , scorned , and almost lost forever ?
it almost seems to be a formula : a revolutionary idea is used , people hate it , people try to destroy it , they nearly succeed , and then decades later , after the creator 's death , the public finally catches up with the sophisticated masterpieces before their time .
and that , for a long time , was the case of fritz lang 's revolutionary , enthralling silent masterpiece `` metropolis . ``
it may have been despised and panned upon its original release and almost forgotten , but now time has caught up with lang 's visions and `` metropolis `` is recognized as the influential milestone it is .
even if , up until now , it was never fully recovered and appreciated the way lang intended it to be .
`` metropolis `` , based on a novel by thea von harbou ( who also wrote the screenplay ) , is a story that may seem hackneyed and commonplace for futuristic tales today , but in its day , it was one of the most original .
the film revolves around an unnamed dystopia in futuristic ( even today ) germany , where the upper class lives in prosperity and the lower class suffers and perishes in a crude excuse for a civilization below the surface of the earth .
while the mastermind of the city ( alfred abel ) plans to destroy the hope of his subterranean workers , his son ( gustav frohlich ) secretly works against his father to bring hope and happiness to them .
and the center of this battle , the figure the whole film revolves around , is a beautiful young woman named maria ( brigitte helm ) .
even if one does not particularly like ( or even hates ) `` metropolis `` , there is no denying that is one of the most influential movies of all time .
many science-fiction elements that seem almost formula today began with this .
the idea of a disguising a robot as a human being , for example , originated from this film .
the futuristic dystopia , cars traveling on elevated bridges at , cyborgs , a mad scientist who stares hysterically as he throws the switch .
these all came from `` metropolis `` or at least were brought to public notice by it .
but `` metropolis `` is of course , loved not because it is influential , but because it is a very powerful story .
even for the era of the silent films , it is an original sci-fi tale , a creative visionary masterpiece , a romantic love story , a poignant drama , and a fairly interesting look at the corruptibility of humankind .
`` metropolis `` very well may have been an influence for aldous huxley 's classic novel `` a brave new world `` among other classic stories about the future and the `` progress `` of man .
unfortunately , as anyone can tell by looking at the film in its present state , it has not been treated well .
`` metropolis `` has not been seen in its original form since its first release in germany in 1927 .
because of the negative reviews , footage was cut .
and after reissue upon reissue , over an hour 's worth of running time was lost and many scenes that explained the plot were lost , thus increasing the negative response toward the film .
and now , even with a properly and beautifully restoration of the movie ( the best restoration i 've probably ever seen ) the movie is incomplete , because more than twenty-five percent of the film has been lost for decades .
missing segments of the film are outlined via subtitles and even if one has become completely absorbed with lang 's masterpiece , there is still that feeling of lacking .
of .
had `` metropolis `` been as popular back then as it was today , not a single frame would have been lost .
but now , unlike say the fate of other films , there is hope .
i am very happy to inform all readers of my review that in , film archivists in argentina discovered what appears to be the director 's cut of `` metropolis `` : the way fritz lang intended it to be seen and really , the only way it should be seen .
why has n't this footage been released as of now ( may 2009 ) ?
because , remember , the footage is eighty years old and in terrible condition .
it will take some time to restore the thousands of dirty , scratched up frames but when it is finally put back together with the already replenished footage , you can bet there will be a dvd release and maybe a special screening for the fans and movie buffs .
so as of now , only those archivists , some journalists who saw the film , and the people to restore the lost footage , are the only men alive who really appreciate ( to the full ) the power of fritz lang 's film .
to the rest of us , even the cut is marvelous and enthralling , but we ( including i ) still do n't quite know what we 're talking about when we discuss `` metropolis `` .
it takes sheer power for even an incomplete puzzle to revolutionize and revision the world .
one can only imagine how the original must have been .
thankfully , the movie has been found in its entirety and will soon be rescued from the ravages of time and thirty-three years after the director 's death , his masterpiece will be reviewed anew .

1
this must be one of the greatest movies of all time .
i found myself almost in a state of shock during the whole movie .
everything was perfect .
the story was great , the filming was pure genius and the effects directly from another dimension .
i do n't think any movie after this one have gotten so much out of the available effects of the time as this one .
nowadays they have super computers generating special effects .
sure they look good , but it 's no big deal making them .
back in 1926 computers were n't even invented yet , all effects had to be done by hand or in simple editing .
and when you take a look at all the thins that have been done in this movie , it 's impossible not to get impressed .
huge buildings , explosions , flooding , picture phones ( however did he come up with the very idea ?
) , transformation sequences , robots and so on .
no movie has ever pulled the limits of special effects as much as this one .
star wars and jurassic park are also known as limit pullers in special effects , but they do n't even come close .
then you have the filming .
everything is perfect .
the use of body language is tremendous , the light setting perfect , everything well timed and perfectly captured by the camera .
i 've never been witness to such a treat in filming other places .
and the story ! ! !
perfect in every detail .
intriguing , exciting and thrilling with lots of religious undertones and leaders .
no wonder hitler liked this movie ... i do n't know how the original music of the film was , but the new music for the restored 139 minute version i saw was really good and .
all in all .
this is one of the most perfect movies of all time , and it deserves anything it can get .
never has a 10/10 been as secure as for this movie ...

1
i doubt that i 'd ever seen anything resembling a `` complete `` version of metropolis before , though certain of its scenes were familiar to me , if only as used and abused in such films as diane keaton 's heaven ( 1987 ) .
in any case , whatever i had seen before had nothing like the clarity and beauty of the kino restoration .
i expected to be distracted by the restoration 's technique of concise written descriptions of missing sequences , but the narrative coherence that these provided was definitely worth it .
as `` exaggerated `` as the style of acting seems by contemporary standards , some performances , such as the master of the city , are amazingly nuanced and layered , and brigitte helm is stunning as both maria and her evil clone .
the meticulous design of the film , the unerring camera placement and lang 's muscular choreography of the crowd scenes are breathtaking .
i 'd thought of metropolis as a curiosity ( `` important `` = `` dull `` ) but now i 've come to appreciate it as the seminal work it has always been .

1
who ever heard of an epic science fiction film ?
especially in the 1920s ?
sure , some science fiction movies are huge today , such as george lucas ' latest goofy star wars movie , but in 1926 , fritz lang came out with a brilliant film about what the future would be like if people went on living the way they were living back then .
and sure enough , we went right ahead living the way we were living , the population got bigger and more crowded , and now modern society is not a whole lot different from what was presented in metropolis .
the story is about a young rich kid without a care in the world who becomes concerned about the way that society ( metropolis ) was run by his father , john frederson , the master of metropolis .
he lives in a ` pleasure garden ' high above the level of the workers ' , and he worries about what would happen if the huge number of workers were to turn against his father , given the terrible conditions under which they live and work .
some of the best scenes in the film take place in the underground mines , showing the workers portrayed as little more than components on a gigantic , sinister looking machine .
the scene where the machine overheated even contained some impressive stunts , as well as interesting cinematography as the machine transforms into a giant monster .
after countless workers are consumed by it ( no wonder this was hitler 's favorite film ) , they are immediately replaced by other workers , who go right to the same spots that the previous men left and resume their robotic movements .
if some of these scenes , men can be seen being carried away on stretchers after having been injured , and the rest of the workers keep right on working , hardly even noticing .
the way that the workers are portrayed as lifeless machines is one of the more potent elements of this film , as well as the most revealing about the directors intentions .
when his son complains about the tragic things that go on in the mines , frederson replies that such accidents are unavoidable , but his son still insists that they deserve credit for building the city .
this is the kind of content that foreshadows some serious mutiny , and at the same time it shows what may very well happen when large groups of people feel mistreated .
` never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups ' is a saying that does n't necessarily only apply to stupid people , as metropolis suggests .
fritz lang brilliantly portrays this very complex story with extremely limited dialogue , and the result is still compelling today .
the special effects in this film are decades ahead of its time -- it even resembles the fifth element in many ways ( except that the two films can hardly be compared ) -- and the acting and especially the elaborately created sets are stunning to say the least .
an excellent film , metropolis is one of the few that should never be forgotten .

1
metropolis is a german expressionist science-fiction film directed by fritz lang .
the film was written by lang and his wife thea von harbou , and starred brigitte helm , gustav frã¶hlich , alfred abel and rudolf klein-rogge .
the film was produced in the studios by movie ever produced at germany 's ufa , lang 's gargantuan metropolis consumed resources that would have yielded upwards of 20 conventional features , more than half the studio 's entire annual production budget .
and if it did n't make a profit at the time -- indeed , it nearly bankrupted the studio -- the film added an indelible array of images and ideas to cinema , and has endured across the many decades since its release .
in the somewhat distant future ( some editions say the year 2000 , others place it in 2026 , and , still others -- including the original paramount u.s. release -- in 3000 a.d. ) the city of metropolis , with its huge towers and vast wealth , is a playground to a ruling class living in luxury and decadence .
they , and the city , are sustained by a much larger population of workers who labor as virtual slaves in the machine halls , moving from their miserable , homes to their grim , back - breaking shifts and back again .
the hero , freder -- the son of joh fredersen , the master of metropolis -- is oblivious to the plight of the workers , or any aspect of their lives , until one day when a a beautiful subterranean dweller named maria visits the eternal gardens , where he spends his time cavorting with various ladies , with a small group of children from the workers ' city far below .
they are sad , hungry , and wretched looking , and he is haunted by their needy eyes -- something freder has never seen or known among the elite of the city -- and by this strange and beautiful woman who tells all who hear her , workers ' children and ruler 's offspring , that they are all brothers .
he follows her back down to the depths of the city and witnesses a horrible accident and explosion in the machine halls where the men toil in misery .
haunted by what he has seen , he tries to confront his father , only to find that the man he loves and respects believes that it is right for the workers to live the way they do , while he and his elite frolic in luxury .
freder decides to do something about it , but he must first learn more , and also locate maria .
with help from josaphat , fredersen 's recently dismissed office manager , he goes below again and takes over the job of one of the workers , in order to find maria .
meanwhile , fredersen is concerned about the rumblings of unrest among the workers , and his son 's sudden interest in their plight ; he assigns `` slim `` , his investigator , to follow freder .
meanwhile , he goes for advice to an old acquaintance , the inventor c.a . rotwang .
rotwang once was a rival to fredersen for the love of the woman hel , who married fredersen and died bearing his son , freder .
rotwang still feels the loss , but he is a cunning and practical man , and is willing to help his old `` friend , `` but not before showing off his latest creation -- a robot that he has modeled in the image of his beloved hel , that he may have her again .
rotwang answers fredersen 's question by taking him to the catacombs below the modern city , where they see maria preaching the gospel and counseling patience , in the hope that a `` mediator `` -- who will be able to reconcile the `` head `` and `` hands `` of society ( i.e . the ruling and working classes ) -- will come among them .
fredersen will hear none of it , and sees the need to break the workers ' resistance and destroy maria 's influence among them .
he arranges with rotwang to make his robot creation into a duplicate maria ( which requires his kidnapping her ) , and to send her out among the workers to incite them to violence , so that fredersen can use force against them .
but he does n't reckon with rotwang , who despises fredersen and his ruling class , and has commanded the robot to obey his orders and follow a plan that will destroy the city , both above and below ground .
fredersen also does n't reckon with his own son freder , who not only believes in what maria is preaching but is beginning to see himself as the `` mediator , `` and is right in the midst of the conflagration when the workers ' uprising starts .
soon , fires and floods spread , threatening to doom the children of the workers , abandoned in their parents ' frenzied attack on the machines , and the city of metropolis faces an impending disaster of biblical proportions .
meanwhile , the rotwang tries to reclaim his lost hel , and maria and her evil robot twin are both stalked by crowds of workers driven to a murderous rage .
to see the film as the director intended , on the big screen with an original score recorded by a orchestra , greatly enhances the reputation of a film already considered one of the icons of the silent movie is certifiably nuts and naive in many ways , but it is so exciting for it is a visually awe-inspiring science fiction classic from the silent of all , the first must-see movie of 2012 is also the must-see movie of 1927 .
the difference is that you can actually see it now .
or most of it.and most of all , lang 's visionary visual creation remains impressive many years later .

1
fritz lang 's masterpiece , metropolis , filmed way back in the late silent movie days , was ahead of its time in many ways : scale , direction , storyline , special effects , symbolism , and geometric and shadowed sets .
the plot involves a futuristic society of haves , who live above ground ( `` the head `` ) , and the have-nots ( `` the hands `` ) , who populate the world below .
the haves , of course , are the plutocrats and city planners who call all of the shots .
in their utopia , they enjoy the sunshine and modern means of transportation to their stadiums and gardens and skyscrapers .
the haves are generally oblivious to the have-nots , who inhabit the .
the have-nots , locked in their dystopia , are equally unaware of the world above .
like drones , they have numbers for names , work hard and run the many machines that keep the society functioning .
or do the machines run the workers ?
early in the film , our hero has a vision ; a burned-out machine turns into a fearsome devourer monster moloch .
( note that moloch was the ancient phoenician pagan god to whom the and sacrificed their children .
) what really had happened was that there was injury and death from an industrial accident ( a machine had overpowered a worker .
) anyway , observe those machinery control dials and arrows , and how the robotic workers try to manipulate them to and fro .
the work clocks show ten hours only -- not 12 -- and certainly not for the benefit of the workers .
note their demoralized , mechanized movements during the shift changes .
one day freder fredersen , our hero , spots a pretty young woman , maria , and a large group of children , who have abruptly appeared above ground via a modern elevator .
observing the haves in a garden , maria declares to the children that `` these are your brothers . ``
very soon she is escorted back into the elevator and returns below ground .
maria espouses the need for a `` heart `` the join `` the head `` with `` the hands . ``
she predicts that a `` mediator `` will soon come .
in seeing and in being infatuated with maria , freder -- who enjoys his life and amenities above ground -- goes below to follow maria and thus becomes aware of the dystopian world .
horrified , he returns above and confronts his father , joh fredersen , the founder and controller of metropolis .
obviously the father , acting like a dictator , wants to keep things going as they have been .
conversely the son wants to improve the lot of the workers , perhaps even be the heart that can join the head with the hands .
a complication is the malevolent inventor c. a. rotwang , ostensibly working for joh , but who plays the upcoming revolution for his own agenda .
he has never forgotten that a long-lost love ( hel ) chose joh fredersen over himself .
she had later died in giving birth to freder , joh 's biological son .
note rotwang 's crooked house ( for a crooked mind ) , marked with a satanic pentagram over the door and equipped with a of laboratory .
rotwang is building a robot that will look exactly like maria , not hel as he initially tells joh .
note rotwang 's right hand ( suggestive of dr. strangelove nearly four decades later ?
) .
but any disruption , any machinery shut-down , will destroy metropolis .
meanwhile the saintly maria holds meetings in catacombs below ground , with a background of crosses and candles ( obviously reminiscent of the catholic christians meeting below ground in ancient rome ) .
there is praying and kneeling , and many biblical inferences .
they include allusion to the tower of babel , anti-christ , hell , and to the apocalypse ( the woman in revelation who rides the beast of seven heads and ten horns ) .
in the movie the monster symbolizes the seven deadly sins , not any particular government or political entity or religion .
of course the robot ( the false woman ) rides the beast in the movie .
by now you have the gist of the storyline , and there is no need to go into any more plot giveaways in the second part of the movie .
but when one realizes that the nazis are only a half-dozen years from power , one might say that lang was a .
by the way , note the architecture and furniture .
do see this film , which is on leonard maltin 's top 100 listing ( listed by him as must-see films of the 20th century ) .
metropolis is one of 12 silents that maltin selected .
also , there is a silent movie website ( the top 100 silent era films ) that lists metropolis as the # 2 silent movie of all time , behind the general and ahead of sunrise .
but you absolutely must see the restored version of 2010 , which , while not perfect -- there are several scratchy scenes -- contains nearly the whole movie as envisioned by lang .

1
ever since i 've decided to become introduced to silent cinema , with alfred hitchcock 's outline - setting film the and john ford 's industrial western the iron horse , the name fritz lang has had an almost magnetic grip of being at the very top of my list , of directors whose work i have been eagerly wanting to i heard a few years ago , about a `` holy grail `` being struck for film history , with a worn out copy of langs silent epic metropolis being pulled out of oblivion , and leading to the huge discovery of twenty five minutes of missing being found in the reading that the film was going to be kept safely in a preservation society , due to the understandably fragile nature of the film , my expectations of this cut of the film coming out on home video gradually later , i decided to search on amazon uk to see what titles had been realised from the masters of cinema dvd company .
( the uk 's version of criterion ) to my amazement , right at the very top of the page , was a very sophisticated looking dvd of the edition of metropolis !
.
with having just started to discover the world of silent cinema , and looking at one of the most tempting dvds which i have seen in years , i felt that it was the perfect time for me to see the full creation of fritz lang 's futuristic city .
the plot : being the son of arguably the biggest of a very advance industrial city called metropolis , freder has lived a life of complete bliss , where anything he has desired to achieve , has been reached to a level of success , that most of the residents of the city will never out walking one day , freder catches a quick glimpse of a girl who he instantly becomes obsessed with seeing freder is attempting to build the courage to go up to the girl , the girl is suddenly griped by security guards , who drag her down to the second level of metropolis , where the workers who keep this huge city alive are kept , whilst the rich people in metropolis live in on the `` top `` level .
not being deterred one bit , freder decides to secretly travel to the second level for the first time in his deeper and deeper into the second level , freder starts to become extremely sicken at the level of depravity and hopelessness that the lives of the workers have become engulfed in , with some of them even being thrown into a machine to die , just to `` help `` keep the cites electricity going .
by his discovery 's , , freder goes to tell his father jon about what he has seen in the workers section of the his complete surprise jon dismisses everything that his son has told him , due to him feeling that the city must stay `` alive `` in anyway that freder might attempt to help an uprising begin , and finding out that some workers have gotten hold of secret documents which show the inside stricter to metropolis 's power supply , jon decides to hire a spy called the thin man to keep an eye on his son and the him , the thin man gets hold of the inventor of metropolis : to guide him around the there eyes all on him , freder is eventually found to be attending a secret meeting , where him and a huge number of workers are getting told about a new philosophy from a woman called maria ( who freder has been crazy about , since catching a quick glimpse of her on the top level of metropolis ) attempting to accept for the first time in his life that a fall from power might be upon them , jon and c.a . take the most drastic measures possible to destroy the bubbling uprising , by inventing a getting hold of maria , c.a . transfers her appearance to the robot ( who he will be controlling ) .
having succeeded in the transfer of maria 's appearance , c.a . and jon begin to pray that their fake maria will stop the up rising dead in its tracks , although none of them have any idea about how much ( the real ) maria 's philosophy is affecting the workers , who are starting to build up into something that none of them may be able to topple ... view on the film : the first people who deserve a huge round of applause are the master of cinema makers , who have created a obviously lovingly made dvd/blu - the `` new `` 25 minutes of extra footage does contain a good amount of grain , ( which is understandable , due to the reels of film being left to gather dust ) the footage which has been used in previous editions of the film , has now been given a mesmerising remastering , with the quality of the picture being one that could beat a huge number of films made today !
.
for the adaptation of her own novel , screenwriter thea von harbou , ( who lang would later divorce , shortly after she had become a member of the nazi 's ) interestingly shows that during the workers revolt against the `` higher-ups `` , they all struggle to become distinct the first part of the film , showing the workers being used as puppets to keep the city alive , who are also hidden away as an embarrassing , necessary `` evil `` for the higher-ups , to the second half of the film , where the workers turn into a mass , whose destructive nature , leads them to even ( temporally ) forgetting about their children !
.
along with the brilliantly tense screenplay of his then - wife , fritz lang delivers the film with masterful the two levels of metropolis lang creates two extremely different `` worlds `` , with the workers level having a menacing foggy noirish look , which helps to give a sense that anyone could jump out and attack you , to the top level , which is filled with mind-blowing technology , and packed with stunning the excellent characters of the thin man and c.a . , lang gives the film an amazing , creepy gothic feel , with the thin man looking like working undercover as a spy !
.
looking at the structure of the film , lang seems to have created two distinct parts , which combined to make one unforgettable whole , due to lang delivering an astonishing film , which mixes gripping noirish moments , and executed special effects .

1
probably one of the most important , original and inspirational movies , not to mention one of the oldest , in science fiction history .
this picture first premiered in 1927 , and since then many of the copies of the original picture have been heavily damaged , ruined or simply lost .
therefore the picture today does not equal the quality of the original which was released back then , but it definitely is n't a problem .
it was only in 2008 , that they found another copy of the original in argentina with a lot of the original missing footage , which was used to restore the movie as superbly as possible .
of course not everything has been recovered , and it is highly unlikely that it will change in the near future .
but having this fact in mind , it is amazing how well the movie looks .
the plot is unquestionably perfect .
a legendary masterpiece .
it is about humanity .
it 's flaws , it 's sins , and it 's virtues .
the main character , who has been living a comfortable life , discovers the ` real ' world .
cruelty and harsh settings for people rule life for the majority of the city 's population .
` the workers ' .
after witnessing the unfairness of it all , he is determined to make a change .
also , as the metropolis is practically one huge machine , that sucks the living effort out of hard workers , there is an important element of humanity versus machinery , which is heavily essential to film 's idea .
more clearly speaking , the plot actually resembles `` the matrix `` and `` dark city `` .
it would be quite likely if the creators of `` the matrix `` and `` dark city `` were inspired by `` metropolis `` .
at least that 's just my opinion .
but of course comparing the two for anything else that the idea of the story , i believe , would be unwise , as they differ one from the other aggressively .
probably due to the fact that the the time line between the both premiers is massively huge .
exactly 72 years !
so if you liked `` the matrix `` or `` dark city `` , i can not guarantee you will enjoy `` metropolis `` as well .
however , the fact still remains that the plot 's are based alike .
knowing that this was one of the first major sci-fi stories , it would be idiotic to neglect it 's importance .
it is a must see to any film fanatic , and especially to a sci-fi fan .
a sci-fi fan not having seen `` metropolis `` is the same as an artist not knowing who leonardo da vinci was .

1
the `` complete `` metropolis now out with the original film score is a revelation ... do n't miss it .
( possible spoilers ) the thin man in all his villainous glory and with his great moment of nobility restored , too often dropped from versions .
yoshiwara finally revealed to us in georgi 's wild night of frenzied partying .
josaphat given new life as scrappy fighter and courageous friend .
freder getting to really show his hero chops in the workers ' city flood .
rotwang 's real plan and motivation revealed properly and fully .
and , resplendent and indescribable .
we owe a huge debt of gratitude to the argentine film distributor who loved this film enough to buy the uncut copy just after premiere and keep it ( more or less ) safe and to the dedicated film preservers there who found and saved it for us .
if you have n't seen the 2010 restoration , you must .

1
beautiful sets and cinematography make this film quite remarkable .
the costumes , too , are fabulous in the extreme .
acting is in what i might term an expressionist fashion - in part due to the popular german style and also due to the constraints of lack of today 's computer trickery and , of course , the silent aspect .
the plot and overt symbolism - while perhaps compelling in historical terms - may seem naif to present viewers ; yet this is not a film about politics ( although it to some extent tries to be ) but a film of great art and beauty .
sadly the original ending is lost and in pieces ; the american release ending is what most have seen .
i believe today 's dvds piece together what is left of the original ending which is , of course , of great interest to all .
jochen l .

1
i just have watched two movies of fritz lang .
the wonderful `` m `` and `` metropolis `` .
i think , `` metropolis `` is one of the best movies about the love and hate of the human being .
with one of the most futuristic views that influences much of our view of future , `` metropolis `` are powerful .
the plot is good combination of science fiction , romance and suspense .
much people think that the silent films are boring .
but i know that people can be surprised with this film .
well , after all , you have to see the time where the movies was realized ... this is incredible .
i love this film for many reasons , first : the cast , second : the music ( i do n't know you , but the score that i hear in the version i see was of another world ) , three : the plot is magnificent , a thing that much of those famous films of today do n't have : a good message .
the movie , in a futuristic way , talk us about how we worry for things without importance like the people we love .
the movie has thrills , scare moments and good performances .
without a doubt , `` metropolis `` is a film that you never forget , because is in your heart .
until those beautiful symptoms it can cause you that movie .
* sorry for the mistake ... well , if there any

1
what is there to say about this film that as not already been said by a million people .
i am shocked that this was unsuccessful on release it is the work of genius .
the effort that as gone into this film .
you just do n't see that anymore .
the film may now seem clichã©d but it was the first of its kind .
it created the clichã©s .
long before 1984 or blade runner .
this can be seen as a inspiration behind almost all science fiction or cyberpunk efforts .
i even liked the giorgio moroder version .
all versions are fantastic .
whatever just find any version of it and watch it .
you will not be disappointed .

1
title : metropolis ( 1927 director : friz lang cast : alfred abel , gustav frã¶hlich , brigitte helm , rudolf klein-rogge , fritz rasp , theodor loos review : the era of silent german films ushered in a lot of horror/sci fi/fantasy movie .
the cabinet of dr. caligari , faust , destiny , nosferatu and metropolis are just some of the most commonly known examples of this time .
as i continue to discover films of this era , i continue to be blown away by the imagination and hard work that went into making these films in a time of limited technology .
metropolis takes place in 2026 , the future .
the people who live in the city of metropolis are into two different groups .
the poor who live in the underground catacombs and the rich who live in the ultramodern facilities above ground .
the owner of the city called joh fredersen is in charge of the whole city .
when his son decides to wonder to the depth of the city in search of his newest love interest ... he discovers the horrendous conditions under which the working class work and live , and he soon decides that he will help the thinkers above ground and the workers below to unite as one .
the movie has a very idealistic storyline that some people are not to fond of .
for me , i thought it was great because i thought that maybe to us right now the story might not seem to relevant ( though i 'm sure some people will relate to it ) but to the people living in the era of the great depression , with many people being jobless and hungry , well , i 'm sure the themes touched upon in this flick were very very relevant in those days .
thing is maybe todays working class do n't suffer as much as they did in the past , but i 'm sure to some degree people who work in a factory or in an office will find a degree of interest in these themes .
same themes were touched upon in charlie chaplins modern times which i think is the only other movie that can be compared to metropolis in terms of themes .
also the film is filled with many religious allegories .
the girl called maria , the son of the owner of metropolis acts as a mediator between the rich and the poor sort of like a jesus christ figure .
there 's many more religious references all through out the film , so be on the look out for that .
anyhows , enough about themes and story ... lets get to one of the best things about this movie .
its visual flare !
i was truly amazed to see the level of detail that friz lang and his crew achieved with this movie .
towering skyscrapers in a city filled with lights and extravagant .
gigantic sets depicting humongous machines twisting and turning , it all blew my mind .
one of the machines the workers labor on .
.
`` the moloch machine `` , wow , it just has to be seen to be believed .
the sets and visual effects on this movie were some of the best for its time , and still look amazing to this day .
the iconic `` machine man `` that the rotwang the scientist creates in the film , is the grand daddy of c-3po and the terminators or any other robot on any film .
the sequences in which they are putting skin on the robot look amazing from a special effects point of view , specially considering that this movie was made 80 years ago !
there 's many visual delights that await whoever sees this movie .
i know i was blown away when i saw the evil maria doing some erotic dancing over at place .
its just visual eye candy .
and speaking of the character maria , i think that the actress who portrayed maria ( brigitte helm ) really showed she could do her thing .
her facial expressions and contorted body gestures when she was evil really sold me on her .
plus her scenes dancing in the nightclub were really something .
of course there 's some getting used to while seeing a silent film .
i got used to filling in the blanks as they spoke in my mind .
this helped me a great deal to follow the story .
also every single body expression and facial movement counts , so do n't take your eyes off the actors .
the movie is long , its original running time was well more then two hours long .
but right now since 25 % of the film is considered completely lost , well , this is the most complete version of the film available .
( the kino version ) it clocks in at two hours .
the visual clarity is superb .
they really did an incredible job in digitally restoring this film .
i 'm sure that this is the best treatment that this film is going to get , so if your a fan of german expressionism , and you like your movies to look pristine and not like they were picked up from the bottom of a rusty garbage can , then this is the version to get .
so if you want to see what a true sci-fi masterpiece looks like , a true visual tour de force , and one of the most important german expressionism films ever made , then look no further then friz langs metropolis .
rating : 5 out of 5

1
it 's too bad that the original version of `` metropolis `` will never see the light of day , considering that many cuts were made and are now lost forever .
however , what remains of the silent 1927 classic is still a gift .
it is the future .
the city of metropolis is a beauty to behold .
the architecture , the flying ships and skyway are eye-catching .
however , the city is operated by 2 factions : the people who rule the city and the people who keep the machines of the city working 24/7 .
the rulers play and enjoy life while the underground inhabitants live in horrible conditions and are on the brink of an uprising .
freder , the son of joh frederson the ruler , sees maria .
she is also a kind of spiritual leader , explaining to the inhabitants of the underground city that there will be a time and place to mend the fences between them and the rulers .
freder 's father , not liking the possibility of an uprising , convinces rotwang the inventor to help him .
rotwang has created a robot and uses it to his advantage .
kidnapping maria , rotwang gives the robot her image in an attempt to control the workers .
this plan soon puts not only the underground workers in jeopardy , but possibly the city of metropolis as well .
classic fritz lang film that has given birth or inspiration to many classic science fiction films ( blade runner among many ) .
there have been many versions of this film to hit video or dvd ( the 80 's version with a score by giorgio moroder among them ) , but the latest version is the closest to the finished product as we will ever get .

1
i have seen this movie recently , and i 'd never seen a mute black and white movie from the 20 's , and then i saw it ... and what 's my opinion of metropolis ?
... this movie is perfect !
i amazed of how the movie , just with music , great performances and not more than 10 blackboards of dialog , the complexity of story is get it perfectly .
but besides the that , the really advanced sfx for it 's age are outstanding , and the most important thing of metropolis , is the fact that it is an universal metaphor about the `` working class `` and the `` thinking class `` that shows us , that there is n't too much difference of the modern way of life , and the one that shows in the film , that was the thing that i was most amazed of , and if you do n't think that this is enough reasons to see it right now , this is the 's favorite ! ! !

1
giorgio moroder version .
in 1927 , director fritz lang 's set on the novel by his wife and collaborator thea von harbou script ambitious sci-fi film , which became a cult and had a significant impact on the development of cinema as a whole .
in 1984 , the italian composer giorgio moroder , permanently settled in hollywood , has mounted a new restored version of `` metropolis . ``
wrote new music for the film and brought to work on the musical accompaniment of such famous artists as freddie mercury , john anderson , pat benatar and bonnie tyler .
before you see the film , setting the issue - which version of the film 's look ?
though actually i lie , no choice between gottfried and group queen , i did not put in front of , and immediately stopped at the last , to giorgio moroder version .
do not think of a prude and puritan , but clip rock 'n ' roll music closer to me than an orchestra .
well i 'm 40 years old or something to listen to bands - give me bonnie tyler , pat benatar yes !
) moreover , it is worth noting that the tracks chosen not anyhow , but very smoothly and consistently with respect to the image processing tape .
here we see one of the first scene in the movie the main character meets a girl mary , that is , simply , with a beautiful girl in the world mary and the crowd of small children around her .
at this point , begins to play the song `` here 's my heart `` pat benatar .
it 's just an amazing combination , i tell you .
this is not a scene two-thirds of this successful merger of the soundtrack with visuals .
throughout the film , more film versions of giorgio moroder , we see this successful combination of one another .
retell the story too much - all will see themselves and see that you owe .
i can only say that `` metropolis `` by fritz lang , this thriller and love story , a drama about the conflict and human morality and the desire to create , and a fascinating dystopia .
one of those films that capture the imagination .
definitely look not once , not once listened to the soundtrack to this movie .

1
science fiction is a genre with a long tradition of social critique .
beneath its veneer of gee-whiz exploration and extrapolations of technology , science fiction of any enduring value unfailingly offers the reader an unblinking look at the society around them .
the conceit of fiction gives the author a great deal of subversive license in exposing taboos and the shortcomings of accepted wisdom .
this tradition of literary sci-fi extends to modern film , of course .
as with any narrative , however , even great science fiction narratives fall victim to the vicissitudes of framing .
i 'd like to throw up metropolis as an easy example of this danger .
fritz lang , along with his wife , strove to critique industrial society and , as any decent critique should require , resolve the contradictions this social development presented .
in order to present a coherent narrative , one must select a frame within which to construct the story , and the paradigm selected by lang is quaintly anachronistic , to understate the matter .
in the film , the of the world are characterized as randian john characters ( `` brains `` ) , with the unwashed masses ( `` hands `` ) providing the necessary proletarian contribution of executing the dreams of these indispensable men .
while the frame is infantile , this dilemma persists today in modern society , as it is so constituted - or rather , perceived .
the struggle of the film lay in resolving the glaring injustice that invariably appears in such an arrangement .
the resolution appears as the and insufferably patronizing `` heart . ``
in all fairness , lang himself was not particularly pleased with its naivetã© : `` ... you can not make a picture in which you say that the intermediary between the hand and the brain is the heart .
i mean , that 's a fairy tale -- definitely ... i did n't like the picture -- thought it was silly and stupid ... `` what is interesting about lang 's lament is that it does n't discard the `` `` frame , but only the easy and obviously childish `` heart `` solution .
metropolis is a film worth viewing even today .

1
fritz lang 's futuristic metropolis is set in as it happens something like the current era .
most of the population are workers who slave underground to keep the massive machine that is the city going while the privileged stay above ground and live hedonistic lives .
it is impossible not to see this in terms , the exploited by the capitalist class .
at the time of the film 's production in germany , there was indeed a specter haunting europe and it was indeed the specter of communism .
curiously lang ends the film with a blatant political statement .
he has labor and capital reluctantly shake hands .
i find this curious because there is little doubt that for the previous two and a half hours the film depicts the capitalist class in the person of joh fredersen ( alfred abel ) as seeing the workers as mere to be exploited .
i think lang wanted to dodge the political implications of his film .
i think he was less interested in ideology than in showing striking visuals of man in the world of machines , of humans as machines themselves , and other humans more like brains without bodies , wet wear blind to anything but production and keeping the hive buzzing .
metropolis is like a hive or an ant colony except that the workers never get to go out and forage .
their world is dark and steamy ; they are for the most part without hope as they come and go with their heads bowed in submission .
in another sense ( and this metaphor is directly from the film ) the workers are the hands of the body and the capitalists the mind .
maria says , `` between the mind that plans and the hands that build there must be a mediator , and this must be the heart . ``
maria is a prophet who predicts the coming of this mediator , who one might , in all innocence , believe to be a nice stand-in for , say , jesus christ .
politically speaking , then , perhaps what lang is saying is that the war between communism and capitalism will eventually be mediated by the second coming .
expressing this commonplace idea with striking visuals rather than speaking it in so many words , exemplified the power of the relatively new medium of the `` picture show . ``
this is the first silent film i 've seen in many years .
it 's a bit over the top in terms of acting , which of course was deliberate since facial expressions and body language were used to replace words that would have to be read .
modern audiences may find this convention comical or just weird .
i found the scenes showing the characters running at something like one and a half times real human speed a bit amusing .
i do n't know enough about silent films to know whether that was deliberate or something lang thought effective .
gustav frohlich , who has the male lead , in particular is a frenzy of action and contorted facial expressions .
brigitte helm , who plays maria and her deadly clone ( and the robot and the dancing woman as well ) is even more over the top in her physical gyrations , but her performance stands out because there is nothing quite like it in filmdom , at least nothing that i have ever seen .
it is both the heavy makeup and her wild , demonic ( and seductive ) expressions that allow us to clearly see when she is the evil clone and not the demur , heroic maria .
for me she was the most memorable part of the film .
there is quite a bit of trivia and film history associated with this landmark film .
the film seen today is a 2001 reconstruction of the original , part of which has been lost .
the missing action is explained in text before going on to the next scene .
metropolis was said to be hitler 's favorite film , which does n't surprise me , and it was the most expensive film made up until that time , and employed a huge cast .
but see this for fritz lang 's stunning and haunting visuals , which remain even to this day as striking works of art .
( note : over 500 of my movie reviews are now available in my book `` cut to the chaise lounge or i ca n't believe i swallowed the remote ! ``
get it at amazon !
)

1
metropolis -- one of cinema 's many casualties to cuts , lost footage and general neglect , and yet today it has still become one of the most popular and iconic films of the silent era .
years ago , when i first saw this film in a reduced and very badly put together restoration from the 80s ( with the giorgio moroder score !
) , i thought it was one of the worst silent pictures i had ever seen .
today ( ironically in the 21st century when the film is supposed to be set ) we at last have an adequate reconstruction , with a cleaned up negative , explanations of missing scenes and the original gottfried huppertz score , and we can see metropolis for the masterpiece it is .
the first thing that hits you when watching metropolis is the powerful sense of rhythm , with an attention grabbing montage of industrial machinery .
from here on the dynamic , kinetic flow of images is continuous -- creating an exciting and extreme form of visual storytelling comparable to the work eisenstein and abel gance .
in his previous few films you can see lang trying to perfect the rhythm and structure of the whole and here he finally manages it .
the drama is even structured and labelled like a work of classical music .
the `` prelude `` establishes themes and characters and is full of impressive and grandiose imagery , yet never gets too frantic in pace .
the `` intermezzo `` begins slowly before building up to the frenzy of the erotic sequence .
finally , the `` `` section is a tour-de-force of non-stop action .
thanks to the nibelungen films , lang had learned by this point to direct crowds and action convincingly .
the other strand in lang 's work that reached maturity with metropolis was his architect 's approach to shots and sets .
he 'd been using geometric patterns and massive interiors since the early 20s , but now you can tell he knows exactly what he 's doing .
one of the `` rules `` of cinema is the so-called line of action , which means you are supposed to keep the camera on one side only of two opposing actors , so that one is always and the other always .
lang completely ignores this rule , freely placing his camera at whichever angle he deems necessary .
this technique would become harder for lang when he moved to hollywood , where sets were like rooms in a doll 's house with three sides only .
here however , every set is a genuine space with four walls , and lang shows these off to achieve a feeling of reality .
this use of space is not just some aesthetic gimmick -- it is really used to enhance the film experience .
take for example the scene in which rotwang captures maria in the catacombs .
lang can not exploit fear of the unknown because we , the audience , already know what is happening .
instead , he creates a real sense of enclosure and entrapment with his 360-degree coverage of the cave .
the science-fiction setting of metropolis makes acceptable the over-the-top visual effects of german expressionist cinema ( such as double-exposures and animated titles ) and , fortunately lang knew where to draw the line on these flashy techniques .
the unreality of the genre also allows for more stylised acting , and the germans really were the masters of ham .
rudolph klein-rogge makes a typically crazed villain .
brigitte helm also does a good job in several contrasting roles .
so long as you can ignore the occasionally daft ideas of screenwriter thea von harbou , metropolis in its current restored version is fritz lang 's best film .
he would make plenty of other classics , and he would always have some level of quality even in the worst of his hollywood potboilers , but this is his highest peak .

-1
when voting i was going to give a 2 but when seeing that 1 meant awful it hit the nail on the portrayal of native americans as blood thirsty savages is deeply disturbing to me.this is the third film i 've seen of d.w. griffiths where races of men are stereotyped in ugly ways.the man is n't able to tell his side of the story so i 'm going to try and keep away from attacking mr. griffith my opinion the three films probably influenced the thinking of millions of people and their children 's like this probably made for many of the resentments that are still with us .
.
some may say the camera work was great , the action a first for it 's time.the positives are far outweighed by the negatives , it 's like someone taking $ 10 from you and giving a dime back to make up for it .

-1
i 've seen quite a few chaplin shorts from early in his career and i 've noticed that his early stuff ( done for keystone studios ) is pretty dreadful stuff .
unlike his wonderful full-length films from the 20s and 30s , the films from 1914-1915 are incredibly poorly made -- having no script but only vague instructions from the director .
in most cases , the films had almost no plot and degenerated to people punching and kicking each other .
in this film , charlie walks around the park kicking , hitting and throwing bricks .
that 's all !
he had done practically the same thing in some previous flicks and it 's obvious the director just told him to improvise .
judging by the results , he was having a bad day .
fyi -- the picture was on dvd from delta entertainment .
of all the shorts on the dvd , this was by far the worst quality -- having been degraded almost to the point where it was unwatchable .
ps -- i got an email from indicating that chaplin himself was the director .
then i guess he is to blame along with the fact that few of these sennett films had any working script .

-1
this is an adaptation of a stage play -- an awful melodrama , which incorporates the western and flirts with taboo love -- adultery and miscegenation .
apparently , oscar apfel was doing poorly at teaching cecil b. demille how to direct ; there 's plenty of outside filming , which is supposed to be a benefit of california , yet this movie is remarkably inept in how the framing of outside scenes is as theatrical as the scenes inside .
of course , it was a commercial success , leading demille to remake it twice , and is now a footnote in film history .
probably of more consequence than it being a feature-length film made in hollywood , unoriginal reinforcement though it was , is the movie 's soap opera histrionics coupled with a caucasian playing a native-american .
the actors of this movie protrude what their characters would be doing or feeling via gestures , staring at nothing and other magnified histrionics ; they 're trying to communicate the plot to the audience despite silence and a distanced camera .
there 's no realism , subtlety , nor , even , characters .
the directors and actors of `` the squaw man `` blunder further by misunderstanding the silence concept .
silent films are silent to us , but the fictional world within a silent film is usually not silent .
( likewise , we still hear the music scores in modern films while the characters in the fictional world do n't .
) in this film , there are some awkward moments when a character lingers behind unnoticed , or is transparently suspicious-looking , but that happens to be when everyone is looking at something else .
yet , i suppose they still do that in soap operas .
in defence of demille , it was his first film , and senior director apfel surely deserves more blame .
one learns from imitation , and there were n't many worth imitating then .
there was no indication in `` the adventures of dolly `` that griffith would become the best director in the world .
to see demille 's potential , watch the subsequent year 's `` the cheat `` .
its story is also wanting , flirts with adultery and miscegenation and is driven by embezzlement from charity , but , otherwise , the films could n't be more different .

-1
i still do not understand how this awful film is listed among gems like der golem , sunrise , pandora 's box , metropolis , greed , broken blossoms , the wedding march or intolerance .
first of all it 's a particularly ugly film which set was painted by `` artists `` who were fifteen years late on cubism and .
unlike der golem , sunrise or vampyr it has terribly dated .
the story is similar than faust but without any depth or magic .
it 's nowhere as creepy as vampyr or nosferatu .
the score is unbearable and some of the acting is ludicrous .
most of the people who defend this unwatchable film are trying to explain we have to reconsider it was made a long time ago .
i still bet than when it was made some people thought it was incredibly silly , ugly and pretentious .
cinema is cinema and not a mix of theatre and painting , griffith , lang , murnau , dreyer and abel gance understood it unlike robert wiene .

-1
this movie ... makes god out to be an obstinate meany and satan out to be a sympathetic character .
that 's not quite how it really is .
i gave this movie a `` 1 `` because of that teaching .
anyone who believes that god is an obstinate meany and satan is a sympathetic character is in real trouble .
there are some interesting elements to this film , but the teaching overshadows them .
yes , it deals with the finnish revolution , which i was not aware of until i saw this film .
one earlier segment that i found interesting was around the time of marie antionette 's execution .
it refers to a her last letter , as if everyone should be familiar with it .
i guess audiences of that time period might have been , but that 's the first time i heard of it , too .
then there 's dryer .
he 's been made out to be a genius , but he comes across to me as an odd little man with funny ideas .
apparently , he thought god was an obstinate meany and satan was a sympathetic character .
( i 'll be he does n't anymore !
) if you must see a dryer silent film , see the parson 's widow ( 1920 ) .
of the dryer silent movies i 've seen , it 's the best of the lot .

-1
there are reasons why movies get lost .
i saw this last night at the academy of motion picture arts and sciences .
science was on display in the craft which restored the film .
art was nowhere present .
the movie is dreadful .
gloria and single rudy spend most of it nearly kissing and then snapping their necks to face forward and look frustrated .
in the last segment , her fat , rich , old , ugly husband manfully recognizes that youth must call to youth and deliberately walks into an arab raider 's bullet .
i am not making that up .
the audience , which had prior to the showing sincerely applauded the efforts of the restorers , giggled helplessly throughout the film .
gloria wears one stunning outfit , a persian lamb ( i think ) coat with ( i think ) cuffs and collar bigger than most emerging nations .
but that 's it for entertainment value .
even by the standards of the time , the plot is clunkily contrived and glacially slow-moving , and the acting is minimal ( not the actors ' fault -- nobody actually has a character to play ) , and the whole project is so detached from any human reality that it approaches science-fiction rather than romance .

-1
this silent film is about a bunch of kids who got together and played a game of baseball .
there were disturbing things about this film such as when a kid was chopping wood the saw dust would fly on the infant , getting people they do n't know to watch the younger children , pushing the infant real fast on a buggy which if the buggy would break , the infant can be seriously injured or even death .
while the game was being played allen ( farina ) hoskins was calling the balls and strikes which he called a strike every time to batter ernest ( sunshine sammy or the other racist name in 5 of his other movie credits before .
) morrison and when morrison protested to the umpire hoskins pulled a knife ( switch blade ?
) out of his pocket and ernest acted real nice and left .
( pointless and unfunny scene !
) the thing that really disturbed me was when the kids hooked up the buggy against the wagon that a horse was pulling which when pulled the wheels would wobble .
but that was n't the worst of it because 2 toddlers were smacked in the face with a pillow that was thrown real hard , one while playing piano and the other kid , hoskins got smacked so hard with a pillow that he fell off the record player on a bunch of pillows on the floor crying .
( honest !
) they had the film in slow motion ( with a stupid bird song .
) with hoskins walking around like he was confused and crying as he laid down flat on the floor with his legs against the wall .
the kids were breaking dishes , jumping on furniture and even had one kid swing up and down on a chandelier which was at least 5 feet from the ground .
( imagine if he would have fallen !
) also they had hoskins pull a kid down a stairway with a towel while riding in a wash basin which is a dangerous thing to do also .
at the end a doctor said that the house did n't need to be quarantined and the kids got spanked by their parents .
this pile of vulture poop is so bad that i do n't recommend people under 16 to watch this at all !
the only good thing about this film is there 's no sound at all .
i give it a negative infinity .
( by the way folks i , m white .
)

-1
this film is strange , even for a silent movie .
essentially , it follows the adventures about a engineer in post-revolutionary russia who daydreams about going to mars .
in this movie , it seems like the producers know the communists have truly screwed up the country , but also seems to want to make it look like they 've accomplished something good .
then we get to the `` martian `` scenes , where everyone on mars wears goofy hats .
they have a revolution after being inspired by the earth men , but are quickly betrayed by the queen who sides with them .
except it 's all a dream , or is it .
( and given that the russian revolution eventually lead to the stalin dictatorship , it makes you wonder if it was all allegory .
) now , i 've seen good russian cinema .
for instance , eisenstein 's battleship potemkin is a good movie .
this is just , well , silly .

-1
this is one of the very worst films i 've ever seen , silent or not .
it is first of all a travesty of the real kean .
plays him broadly and with exaggerated movements , expressions , etc . - while the real kean was known primarily because he was the very opposite - the first actor to draw on inner emotion and subtle gesture , vocalizations to convey character .
just as duse and bernhardt were contemporaries but opposites in their approach to acting , kean was in a sense duse 's muse .
the acting , cinematography , direction and editing of this terrible film are all beneath contempt .
it is a fictionalized account of kean 's life and has little to do with his real life .
the death scene goes on and on and on and on until one screams at the screen and says - die already ! ! ! !
avoid this film at all costs - one of those silents that should have been lost as a favor to mankind .

-1
i 've been a fan of silent films for over 20 years , and it was my boast to say that `` i 've never seen a silent that i did n't like `` ... .
that is , until i 've seen this film !
i know that it 's about `` life `` , but it 's depressing as anything and the `` downer `` ending leaves you depressed .
many people have said that they 'd love it if the 7 + hours of lost footage could be found ; but in my opinion , they should `` lose `` these 2 hrs & 20 mins !

-1
this unfunny and unfaithful adaptation of l. frank baum 's wonderful book dumps every element of the story bar the title and a few character names .
the cowardly lion , scarecrow and tin woodsman are nothing but disguises , dorothy is supposed to be 18 here but looks about 40 , and the movie 's half over before the tornado shows up .
what 's left is a monument to larry semon 's titanic ego .
he awards himself multiple roles , including a toymaker who appears in pointless bookend sequences , and stuffs the movie full of his somewhat incompetent brand of slapstick at the expense of anything resembling a magical fantasy .
the one and only reason to watch this dreadful film is the curiosity value of seeing oliver hardy in an early role .

-1
i love silent movies , and watch them all the time .
man , i just can not think of enough bad things to say about this piece of tripe .
if it were not for the 1939 version , this film would be completely and utterly forgotten about .
the humor is just bad , the plotting is stupid , and the racial stereotype is relentless .
if you 're a fan of the 1939 version , watch it again , not this .
if you 're a silent movie fan , well ... watch some melies for some magic .
seriously , do not waste your time .
life is too short , and there are way too many good silents our there .

-1
i first saw metropolis 5 years ago on tv .
it was the moroder version and it blew me away .
i believed that it was one of the best science fiction films of all time .
last year a copy of the new restored 140-minute version was given away free with a british film magazine .
i bought it and watched it eagerly .
it was dire .
the music ( by a british composer i had n't heard ) was terrible , totally removing all interest that remained after the utter tedium of watching the film was overcome .
it was at least 3/4 hours too long , and such a painful slog that it took two attempts to watch all of it .
i can only conclude that the 1984 version was simply a lucky fluke and credit must go to georgio moroder for having guts for defying establishment and turning this utter disaster into something just about passable .

-1
well i was watching this movie for whatever reason .
and it was so boring and the people do n't even talk in it .
and i do n't see how film was entertaining in 1927 .
i never fall asleep on the couch but i did while watching metropolis .
a rich guy wants to be a slave so he can be with a girl .
thats about the time i fell asleep when i woke up i put in edward scissorhands instead and that was a good movie and i did n't fall asleep to it .
i do n't know what else to type for ten lines i hate this stupid rule do i have ten lines yet no i do not ahhh !
i need ten lines to finish this review i think i almost have ten lines i think i do !
line in 1927 maybe now a days terrible movie who watches these kind of movies anymore !

-1
why ?
the main character goes around in and emits horrible sounds from his mouth that some people claim is matter how many persons are in jolson 's corner they ca n't convince anyone with a normal sense of hearing that he 's some kind of singer ( ?
) .
for anyone that thinks it 's o.k . for a white man to sing mammy in black face go down to a black neighborhood and tell the people a non-black that lived in black districts i can tell you it upsets them.when this movie came out on tv in the 1960 's it made me cringe because i knew a lot of people around me were going to be , the good old 1960 's when the riots started , showing a movie like this did n't help prevent them.the people that support and this movie go around oblivious to their safe in a sheltered world during the riots i 'm on the funky streets trying to be on time for the graveyard persons now believe leif erickson discovered america instead of change is needed in movie history too.in the best interest of a happier society i 'd like for this movie not to be given any claim to fame , sweep it under the a technicality give the fame to a more decent film .

-1
murnau was not a good director .
this is a silent movie that does only one thing .
it is part of the basis for hitler 's nazi machine .
it goes beyond sick .
the hero is a good `` german ideal `` male , dark haired like hitler , and the heroine is the blonde .
this goes with the nazi genocide program , as the movie bends over backward to justify the hero attempting to kill the dark haired woman .
yes , it is dumbfounding .
yes , no rational person could call this anything but a pile of crap , yet we see numerous neo nazis praising this hate filled high nazi propaganda in these reviews .
it is what it is .
there is no subtle hiding of it .
these sick movies helped the hitler genocide program , and in fact were the cause .
there is nothing original in this .
nothing of value .
it is truly sickening , and only a raving nazi lunatic could endorse this garbage .

-1
despite what is written in the trivia section , this film was not post dubbed .
picture and sound were recorded at the same time .
here is my theory on the reason for the out of sync sound and picture .
it was made at rko which used the system .
sync should not ordinarily be a problem .
it probably was released in two versions : sound on film , and sound on disk .
it was common practice at this time to do that because not every theater had sound on film projectors .
the first system to be used was sound on disc .
all of the warner bros releases until about 1930 to 1931 were made available to theaters on sound on disc first and latter on sound on film .
my guess is that the print used for this video transfer was one that had no sound recorded on the film .
the sound was probably only available on disc .
somehow during the transfer the disc and picture got out of sync .
or a disc may have been made from the original sound on film print .
that process could have been very tricky in the early days of sound .
the recorded sound track was recorded very badly anyway .
it is almost completely unintelligible .
this was also common at the time .
the sync problems can be corrected by anyone with some editing software on a computer , but it is such a terrible film that i ca n't imagine anyone wanting to do the job !

-1
if you are in the mood to torture yourself and see a piece of mind-numbingly bad cinema and be seen by pseudo-intellectuals as `` with it `` , then do i have a film for you !
you must see un chien andalou !
this is sort of like a home movie based on dreams by a psychotic sadist -- with no comprehensible plot , violent and repellent images ( such as a close up of an eyeball being slashed by a razor , a severed hand laying in the street , a woman being run over , a pointless murder , etc . ) .
in fact , i ca n't help but think that the film 's creators , salvador dalã­ and luis buã±uel , just created this movie as a way to laugh at intellectuals and wannabes who just ate this crap up and declared it to be `` high art `` .
by the way , this film is highly reminiscent of jean cocteau 's blood of a poet -- another home movie full of really interesting images ( but zero plot ) that is adored by the elite .
both are incomprehensible and boring films , though at least cocteau 's is harmless .
plus , cocteau went on in later years to make some magnificent films , whereas dalã­ just seems to have gone mad and buã±uel continued making movie that made everyone 's head hurt .
the emperor has no clothes !

-1
i 'm rewriting my review , because my view of this movie has changed ... but not for the better .
un chien andalou is another one of those films that 's good from an academic standpoint , but not a good watch .
imagine this scenario ... two people decide to make a movie .
they decide that they 're going to make it really surreal and crazy .
they decide the best way to accomplish this is to give the film no plot , no story , no definite characters , fill it with shock imagery , and hope the weirdness makes people think it 's a work of art .
that 's this movie in a nutshell ... except that it was done by luis bunuel , and salvador dali .
because they did it ... people think it 's artistic .
because it 's done by artists .
this film is everything i described above .
it 's shock imagery consists of borderline rape , graphic cutting of an eyeball , priests being dragged like pianos , insects crawling out of people , and miscellaneous death .
entertainment value plays a huge factor in my reviews on imdb , mainly because i believe comments should give an honest opinion for the general viewer .
this film is not a good watch .
it 's weird imagery trying to pass itself off as film-making art .
however , the film is very interesting from an academic standpoint .
it is an interesting study of shock value , and it does have some weird imagery which stays with you and actually can influence better work .
i did n't like this film , but when watching it from an academic standpoint , i was inspired by it .
however , it does n't redeem the film , and it has a very special spot at the top of my personal `` bottom 100 `` list .
1/10 for entertainment value .
10/10 for academic value .
watch only from an academic viewpoint .

-1
oh sweet mother of mercy how we laughed .
i watched this film for the first time today in film studies and i can honestly say i 've never seen such a film ... if you can call it that .
surrealism and abstract stuff , i think , are just easy ways out to make anything , no matter how stupid and silly , look good .
i was in absolute stitches throughout ! ! ! !
i was watching it and thinking this looks like something me and my friends would film for a laugh ! ! ! !
i did n't know what was funnier , the film itself which or the fact that people actually made it ! ! ! !
it 's past bizarre and beyond surreal .
it 's just stupid .
please , only watch this film for a laugh .
to watch for any other reason is just a waste of time .
people may argue saying i 'm not looking at the deep political undertones .
i 'm sure there is some meaning , somewhere , in this film but , my goodness , there 's better ways to show them ! ! ! !

-1
this short movie is utter crap .
there just is n't another word for it .
there is no story .
and that would be okay if it was art , but it is n't `` art `` .
it 's just disgusting images meant to sicken men .
pretty women have their eyes slit open , are killed by cars , or just get killed for some odd reason .
obviously , no straight guy will enjoy this .
dali is a con artist , plain and simple .
he and his ignorant followers try to convince us that putting together hate filled images is `` art `` .
no , it is n't `` art `` unless there is some artistry involved .
there is no `` artistry `` involved here .
the images do n't hit upon any animal instinct .
they do n't even look like something you would dream , though that appears to be what dali is going for .
obviously , if you watch this , you will see how miserably he fails .
not one single image , not one , has any appeal , any latent meaning .
it 's all totally alien to the human psyche .
then , of course , when hacks like dali become famous , the ignorant masses latch onto him like he really has talent .
it 's a case of the big , fat , ugly emperor with no clothes .
for the rest of us , this is as bad as it gets .
what makes it worse is that so many real artists , with truly great imaginations and truly great gifts of creativity , are rejected to make movies for talentless punks like dali and company .

-1
d.w. griffith 's most famous talking film is an embarrassment - directed as if griffith had never heard actors speak normally .
it is painfully slow , and the absence of background music makes it seem even slower .
walter huston , normally a brilliant actor who has given many excellent performances , is terrible - reduced to being a declaiming , posturing figure .
his worst moment comes when he sits brooding over the civil war , and announces in an , declamatory style : `` i 've got it mary !
i 've found the man to win this war !
his name is grant ! ``
his performance is at times unintentionally funny , as is a lot of this film , and the blame for the acting must clearly be laid at the feet of the director , since most of the lead actors were far better in all their other films .

-1
this is the cinematic equivalent of that senile grandpa or great-aunt who blurts out racial epithets at thanksgiving dinner and embarrasses the hell out of you in front of your date .
every ugly stereotype is on abundant display in this nasty bit of celluloid , whose target audience these days consists of willfully ignorant bigots , lightly retarded weasels and don imus fans .
as depicted by the popular ( at the time ) black face minstrel show duo , african-americans are lazy , stupid , cowardly , speak comically broken english , and pine for them `` good ol ` days `` of the racist jim crow south .
we 're also treated to a heap of cringingly racist `` o lawdy lawdy , i ` se o ' them spooks !
! ``
sort of bigoted `` humor `` that would make anyone with the slightest sense of justice want to take a flamethrower to every print of this cinematic turd .
melville brown 's deadpan direction does nothing to enhance & correll 's blackface minstrel show act .
the non amos and andy dialog is so clunky and trite that even the actors who are n't in black face ca n't seem to take any of it seriously .
irene rich and edward , both respected veteran silent film actors , look lost and faintly embarrassed among the rko b-listers trying to make something coherent of the film 's plot .
many films of the 1920s and 30s were lost to history due to neglect .
that this racist toad of a film survived when so many other , by far better , ( or at least less cringingly racist ) films perished is a fine example of the basic injustice of the universe .
not only is check and double check a prime example of how not to make a movie - it 's also stellar example of just how bad the `` good ol ' days `` really were .

-1
this film has 4 sections .
first of all , harold ( harold lloyd ) works his way up to being a salesman and it 's not ever really funny .
the next stage is set in a club and is extremely bad .
it is never funny - only tedious - with a complimentary annoying drunk played by arthur houseman thrown in for bad measure .
the third stage sees harold on a cruise and the film gets incredibly boring .
once again , it is never funny .
if you have n't slit your wrists by this point , you will have survived for the final stage which sees harold painstakingly draw out a slapstick scene outside a building ... oh my god - is he going to fall ?
... ... that 's it .
crap .

-1
i 'm a big marjorie white fan , but as a young actress , on the stage since childhood , and already a big hit in sunny side up , why she agreed to take the part in this one , along with charles farrell and janet gaynor , i 'll never know .
on the whole , i find the entire film patently old-fashioned ( even for its own time ) , ridiculously unfunny , except for george jessel and will rogers , and i find it offensive to a great degree , the scene where the guy picks up marjorie and physically throws her across the room , and the enormous chorus scene of blackface actors just horribly silly .
and add el brendel , the comic of his time , and what we end with is a really forgettable piece , insulting , and not entertaining at all !

-1
edward g. robinson , under feet tall , plays a tough guy who talks rough and is always reaching for his heater .
he likes to kill people and even guns down the good guy irish police commissioner in front of many witnesses .
little caesar even takes over the mob .
possessing little intellect , he can barely form words into sentences at a gangster convention .
ludicrous !
not one actor who played a gang member in the motion picture was a real italian .
but the actors who did surely gained and lost their flawed accents throughout the movie .
at least robinson did not try to use an accent .
and the italian women - why they are not morally high either .
to continue the director 's purpose of degrading an entire group of people , they are made to wear clothing from the late nineteenth century !
even little caesar 's last days and ending do not ring true .
the diminutive robinson was jewish , but fattened up by playing italian gangsters with a relish ( without any redeeming characteristics whatsoever ) throughout the thirties and forties .
the movie directors included folks like lewis milestone and mervyn leroy , and today , sidney lumet .
a problem is that robinson does not have the guise ; he looks like a jewish fellow acting as an italian .
the whole stereotypical genre got its offensive beginning in `` the racket `` ( 1928 ) with louis wolheim , and continued with `` scarface , the shame of a nation `` ( paul muni , 1932 ) , robinson again and again and culminating in `` key largo `` ( 1948 ) , lee j. cobb in `` party girl `` ( 1958 ) , and harold j. stone in mitchell ( 1975 ) .
note that even caucasians who played the oriental role of charlie chan were good guys who exuded nothing but patience , intellect , and virtue .
but not these other folks , no sir !
no wonder italian-americans are ticked off .
but we have come a long way in the 21st century as italians played the now defunct sopranos .
oh goodie !
what a tired clichã© !

-1
horribly unimpressive and unoriginal gangster film .
it 's amazing that this movie is often put in the same class as william wellman 's public enemy .
like all gangster pics of the time , they both cover the rise and fall of some criminal tough guy .
aside from that , however , the two films could not be more opposite .
wellman 's picture was a gritty , artistic masterpiece , while this clunker is nothing more than a stock gangster film with barely a good quality to speak of .
the writing is horrible , the acting is worse , and it seems like director mervyn leroy was n't even trying .
it 's hard to hate iconic star , edward g. robinson , as the title character , even if he does overact his way through every scene .
it 's easy to hate everything else , though .

-1
a terrific restoration of another atrocious film !
to put this review in short , if you can sit through an hour or so of bela lugosi portraying a latin-american dignitary meowing like a cat ( !
) and el brendel picking his nose ( !
) do n't call us , we 'll call you !
yes , it 's that bad ! !
i 'm the world 's # 1 marjorie white , the only reason at all i pick out these films , to see her , but what an insult to not only the viewer , but to her memory as well , it 's hard to imagine how her spunky talent got stuck in a bowser like this one !
yes , this is another in the `` lost and best forgotten `` category , several moderately talented actors grossly miscast in this loser , give me a script and a camera , even i can do better than this !
end of story !

-1
for some reason , this film is considered a classic .
this was adapted from a stage play and it shows .
it is very slow moving with most of the sets so dark that the viewer has a difficult time making out the players and scenery .
i loved bela lugosi in most of his subsequent roles , including those as a dracula clone , but each time i sit down and try to watch this film i find that it simply can not hold my attention and i am forced to give up and do something else .
gunner

-1
even before i 'd seen this movie as a kid , i 'd heard much about it - it was my only knowledge of dracula , actually .
but i was determined to find and read the novel beforehand , to learn less-known information about the most famous vampire ... i almost regret doing this now ( `` almost `` because if i had n't i would 've liked the film a bit more since , though i found it confusing with the book , so without it would 've left me baffled but still entertained ) because my experience of watching this was tainted .
for those who do n't know the novel 's plot : jonathan harker is sent to transylvania to see a mysterious client of his company 's , and there notices many odd things about dracula : he neither dines , drinks , nor reflects in mirrors , seems to covet human blood until prevented with a crucifix , is nearly nocturnal , seems to summon his neighboring wolves who prevent jonathan from leaving , and intercepts 2 letters he sends home via gypsies and burns the one written to his lover mina since it 's shorthand .
while defying his host 's orders to sleep nowhere but his own room , he encounters 3 women who appear to be demons : they nearly attack him till dracula offers them a child .
as he recovers from a brain fever in a nearby mental hospital , mina murray and lucy westenra witness a ship enter port whose only occupants are the captain , dead with hands , whose journal mysteriously hints `` something `` caused his crew 's disappearance , and a gray dog who flees after landing .
shortly after , lucy 's sleepwalking finds her nearly attacked by something unidentifiable to mina , who believes the 2 marks on lucy 's throat are from the pin she used to tie her shawl - though dr. van helsing , friend of lucy 's suitor dr. john steward , believes it 's more when she continues to weaken after being given 4 blood transfers .
after death her wounds heal , and van helsing reveals to steward and her fiancã©e arthur that she is un-dead .
with another of lucy 's suitors , quincey morris , van helsing summons mina and jonathan to confront the vampire responsible , and attempts to question steward 's insane patient renfield , who appears subservient to a vampire - and must save mina when she 's attacked .
the movie leaves out and/or changes much of the plot - renfield is the business worker who goes to meet dracula but returns possessed with him via ship .
jack steward is mina 's father and her lover john harker is too practical to believe in vampires , lucy weston is barely introduced and is interested in dracula whom she actually meets , arthur and quincey are absent - and the suspense is reduced by dracula 's directly socializing with the protagonists in london rather than their having to hunt him down across the black sea , such as van helsing fighting his hypnosis in a battle of wits which occurs before he can convince anyone around him of what dracula truly is .
the count 's true identity - a descendant of an old transylvanian war veteran who practiced witchcraft - was never revealed .
even renfield 's death is pitiful as he falls downstairs rather than dying directly from a beating .
i was bored and managed to forget the ending , of `` 1 of the greatest horror films of all time `` , no less .
i can safely say that if it had n't been for bram stoker 's work , i 'd have been confused by the hurried plot , so even on its own merits - i try to give at least 5 stars to be fair - this film was n't enjoyable to me .
i wish i was n't such a purist , but i thought this was beyond help either way .

-1
absolutely lame .
the fact that this movie came out in 1931 is no excuse for how bad it is .
frankenstein and svengali are two prime examples of what other filmmakers were able to do with the horror genre that same year .
dracula is simply a poorly written , poorly directed and poorly acted film .
there is no imagination or style to it at all .
it might have been enjoyable just for the spectacle , but there was none of that either .
we never get to see dracula come out of his coffin , change form , go for someone 's neck or even flash a pair of fangs .
even for 1931 this had to be a low budget .
the rubber spiders and bats on string are just plain laughable .
bela lugosi makes a good dracula , and edward van sloan is a decent van helsing , but their limited talents go to waste here .
dwight frye also gives a pretty good , though somewhat over the top , performance as the crazed renfield .
not worth seeing .

-1
it 's worth watching for all horror lovers , i admit that it 's a classic , just for the being dracula - one of the biggest names when it comes to horror , but the movie it self is very poorly made , it just seems to be a bunch of scenes mashed together , the acting was beyond awful , most of it seems like a bad rehearsal , lugosi while he did have a creepy face it just did n't seem to fit dracula , he looks more like the monopoly man before he went bald on a bad acid trip .
i tried to be opened minded when i watched the movie since the movie is from 1931 ( as i am whenever i watch a film this old ) so i knew not to expect much , but even with that in mind i just ca n't understand how can anyone in their right mind can say this is the best or even one of the best horror movies ever , nosferatu is even older and i find it to be better than this , the director seemed to have a better vision .
i 've seen many other movies from around the same time and even earlier and they were n't this badly acted or directed .
all in all i suppose if you are a horror fan you should still watch it , i just wanted to post a review from my point of view , just a regular guy who loves old horror movies , i do n't think a movie should automatically be considered good just because it 's old .

-1
i just watched this excruciatingly bad film , hoping it would end or at least make some sense .
i have to say this is one of the worst i 've ever seen , and i 've seen plan 9 .
to say i was amazed at many of the reviews here would be an understatement .
how could such a marvelous cast play so badly , even given the rotten script .
i did n't like any of them , much less have sympathy .
at least some of them had the good grace to die off .
and who could n't use his hands to lift a drink later can light a cigarette and fire a rifle .
unbelievable !
the cast drinks continuously and never sleeps without ill effect .
they stay at the best hotels , dine and drink at the best establishments and dress in the best clothes without any apparent source of income .
if this were a fantasy i could suspend my disbelief but the film is supposed to portray the result of war on ordinary men .

-1
i 'm really at a loss to explain why some reviewers think of this film as anything worthwhile .
while ms. bow struggles mightily to carry the day , and indeed is the only watchable element of this overwrought picture , ultimately i can recommend dozens of pre-code movies that are much , much better than this , which ultimately comes off as little better than the level of `` reefer madness `` for sheer hysteria and unintentional hilarity .
first , the exposition in the film 's first half-hour are remarkably clumsy and stiff .
second , the scenes with native americans are as racially nauseating as anything ever put on screen .
third , ms. bow 's character gives birth one month after a scene in which she is clearly not showing any signs of pregnancy .
these are just the jaw-dropping moments i can put into words ; there are many in this little flick .
i know that many reviewers have written about the more shocking elements of this film , but if your only reason for seeing pre-code pictures is the revelation of what movies were like in that era , well , you 'd be much better off sticking with the dozens of terrific pictures of that type such as `` flesh and the devil `` with garbo , `` the passion of joan of arc , `` `` der blaue engel `` with marlene dietrich , `` blonde crazy `` with cagney , `` a free soul `` with norma shearer & clark gable , `` safe in hell `` with the forgotten dorothy mackaill , `` kept husbands `` with joel mccrea & ned sparks , `` night court `` with walter huston , `` tarzan the ape man `` and `` tarzan and his mate `` with johnny weissmuller & maureen o'sullivan , `` virtue `` with carole lombard , `` baby face `` with barbara stanwyck , `` gold diggers of 1933 `` with dick powell & ruby keeler , `` hold your man `` with jean harlow & clark gable , `` queen christina `` with garbo , and `` heat lightning `` with aline mcmahon , just to name a very few of my faves from that era .
i found `` call her savage `` very disappointing when compared to these , or in fact when compared to almost anything i 've seen .
laughably bad , and not in a pleasant way like some .

-1
the horrors of war - need we be reminded of them ?
the reasons for war - yes , that is important to point out and especially that all wars that are fought today between countries are toy wars , because if they were real , they would be nuclear and not allowed .
now , civil wars , that 's different .
those have to be fought with smaller weapons and not atom bombs , since they are fought on common territory and not on foreign land , where an atom bomb or two does n't matter much for your own survival .
`` all quiet on the western front `` did try to explain a little the reasons for war and we realized what is meant by .
this mess of a film delivers no attempts on explanation and just show the horror as if that would go away by showing it .
and it is really not much horror which is shown , instead there is plenty of stupidity , which , i admit , is more horrible than maybe the worst horror .
this film reminds me of the reports from the balcan war .
we got reports of all the horrors but not even one decent discussion about the conflict .
explanations and philosophy demand mental work .
this film is mental laziness .

-1
when i read the reviews of `` jewel robbery `` , i must be the only one who really did not like it , perhaps i missed something , i do not know , but can not stand it .
as a powell fan ( although a bigger loy fan ) , i would not expect to find anything by powell on my all-time baddie list .
however , there is not a redeeming element to it .
spoiler ahead : seeing robberies committed by getting people high on pot , was stupid , as was the way powell 's character ( ` the robber ' ) gets away and agrees to meet baroness teri ( kay francis ) later .
i admit i am not a fan of kay francis , and i basically avoid her films , because the themes of most of them do not appeal to me .
but one film she did `` raffles `` with ronald colman was similar in plot to this film , but was 1,000,000 times better ( as was `` arsene lupin `` , with the barrymore brothers ) .
as most people know colman and powell are very similar actors , very sophisticated and classy , and both did some of their best work as detectives and in lighter roles , and both had a great role as an amnesiac ( `` random harvest `` ( colman ) ) and ( `` love me again `` ( powell ) ) .
the difference is i never saw a colman film that sucked , and this one and `` the last of mrs. cheyney `` certainly did ( and in both times powell was on the other side of the law ) .
what is frightening about `` jewel robbery `` is not even loy could have made me like it .
zero stars .

-1
i watched this movie as an entry on one of those `` 50 movies `` dvd sets ( crime classics ) , so maybe i did n't get the highest quality video around .
nevertheless , i found this movie to be stultifyingly bad .
the script is muddled and confusing .
characters come and go and the time line is jarring and confusing .
the acting generally sub-par , with the best performance being turned in by maurice black , probably best known for his role as `` little arnie `` lorch in `` little caesar `` .
the audio is terrible and at time unintelligible .
the cinematography is primitive and looks many times as if filmed in a closet .
do n't get me wrong , i like `` bad `` movies but more in the vein of ed wood bad .
this film has nothing to offer the viewer on any level .

-1
this film contains two moments of inventive worth .
the rest of it is dated beyond belief .
maybe historically interesting to some , and a rare example of what , in my youth , used to be called `` full frontal `` female nudity in a u certificate film .
( there is a four second shot shot of some hapless naked stand-in reflected upside-down in a pool of water .
) not worth bothering with as entertainment .
douglas fairbanks strands himself on a deserted south sea island for a bet and spends a lot of time bounding about striking dramatic poses - he never walks anywhere - he bounds .
look at me !
i am so athletic !
and delivering all his lines as if he were a carnival barker drumming up business for some side show - then laughing at everything he says .
he finds himself endlessly amusing .
some people are easily pleased .
the version i watched ( another # 1 wasted at tesco 's ) is badly cropped down the right hand side of the screen .
i would guess 10 % of the width of the screen is missing - this particularly noticeable in the opening credits and on screen preamble .
the moments of inventive worth ?
right at the start of the movie fairbanks jumps off the boat .
it is the most perfect getting off a boat jump i have ever seen .
it is beautiful .
and the final shots of the movie , when our ` hero ' has pimped his native girlie onto the stage to do native dancing , he is sat in the audience and they blow kisses to each other .
except they do n't blow kisses because , as was established earlier in the movie , the natives do n't kiss .
they rub noses .
so what fairbanks and native girlie do is blow nose rubs to one another .
i 've never seen it done before or since .
it 's almost funny .
it 's certainly very odd .

-1
loosely based on the poe story , this movie stumbles , teetering between the unintentionally comic and the mildly amusing at moments played for laughs , and the truly creepy .
florey is no james whale .
part of the 1930s flood of horror films , murders does feature bela lugosi as the mad scientist mirakle , bent on proving his crackpot evolutionary theories by mingling the blood of his ape , inexplicably named eric , with the blood of a human woman .
repeated attempts fail because dr. mirakle tries to use fallen women for his experiments and their blood is not pure .
in one scene he pores over a microscope while his victim , tied to beams , moans and moans and then dies .
his trusty assistant cuts the ropes with an ax and the body falls through a trapdoor into the river .
that 's the creepy part .
then the doctor turns to nice girl camille ( sidney fox ) .
eric , who already has a crush on her , enters her flat through a balcony and carries her away , screaming .
her boyfriend , pierre dupin ( leon ames ) has been doing his own experiments and now knows who 's been killing all these women the gendarmes have dragged out of the river , but the stupid gendarmes wo n't let him run off and rescue her .
when at last a rescue begins , eric has killed dr. mirakle for threatening to harm camille and over the ape 's shoulder she goes , and up onto the roofs of paris eric climbs , out on the tiled roofs , among the smoking chimneys and painted backdrops and the model of the river rippling far below .
pierre manages to shoot the ape and save the girl , and the film ends in the morgue again , with the clerk writing the doctor 's name in his book and then lighting his pipe .
once again hollywood warns its audience of the dangers of scientific theory , a theme as old as mary shelley 's frankenstein .
the use of painted scenery and hastily constructed sets and simple models seems extreme in this production , the cutting between real ape grimaces and action laughably obvious and the over-all flimsiness is emphasized by some ill-advised attempts at comic relief .
according to the actors ' accents and phrasing , paris must be somewhere in the midwestern united states .
incredibly , john huston is credited with some dialogue , and i thought i saw his face among the extras in the fair scenes at the beginning .

-1
first and foremost : do not attempt to watch this movie if you 're like me and have the attention span of a rodent .
you wo n't be able to sit through it .
i hardly was .
the poster art is insanely more interesting than the film itself .
secondly : if you like gothic horror , this is your dream .
it 's not really true hardcore gothic , but the image style is similar .
as for the film itself , it 's more or less nothing more than a weird look at paintings in a horror museum .
the plot is paper-thin , next to no talking , and next to nothing really happening beside the weird horror images that really are n't anything to be disturbed about .
for an art-house movie , the art is pretty standard .
i 'm sure in its time this movie would have been groundbreaking , but sometimes , more often than not , things should really stay in their respective generations .
i like saw .
in 70 years from now , i 'm almost sure saw will be nearly unwatchable simply because times change .
generations have different viewpoints .
attention spans get shorter .
so , really , i do n't think my review is negative as much as it is negative for my generation .
i simply ca n't take watching something this boring .
just know if you ca n't sit through the first ten minutes , it does n't get any better by the end .
0/10

-1
this is a horrible little film -- and unfortunately , the company that made this short made several others .
the short is essentially a one-joke idea that was n't funny to begin with and may also offend you .
it certainly made me uncomfortable watching very young children ( most appeared about 2 years-old ) cavorting about and pretending to be adults -- in this case , a dancehall girl and bar room patrons .
it 's the sort of humor that you might be forced to laugh at from your own kids if they pretended to be adults , but i ca n't see anyone wanting to see this -- especially when a very young shirley temple is dressed in a rather slinky outfit and acts like a vamp ! !
seeing her in prolonged kisses with her co-stars just felt wrong and exploitative .
at the time , i am sure they were not trying to appeal to pedophiles , but when looking at it today , that is what immediately comes to mind !
because of this , this boring film also creeped me out and i hope to never see it again ! !
pretty strange and pretty awful .

-1
the movie babyface made in 1933 starring barbara stanwyck is a movie about a young woman who sleeps her way up the cooperate ladder of a company .
she is inspired to do this by some advice and a book she got from an old man who visits her while she was working at her fathers speak easy .
after her fathers untimely death due to an explosion , she goes out to make a life for herself and her black by sleeping with anyone with two this film angered the censors for its depiction of depravity and promiscuity i disliked the film because it traded content and story for shock .
i am unable to bring myself to like any aspect of this film , i just cant do it .
im not sure why this movie was even made , maybe the concept for the plot sounded better on paper , i do not know .
the acting was far from exceptional but i am hesitant to blame the actors maybe they did the best with what they were given .
the lines in the film are comically bad with an overabundance of painful one liners .
also the logic to the plot is contrived at best .
stanwyck 's character is supposed to be a cold , intelligent manipulator of men using sex and seduction to get what she wants but she never uses seduction she just sex and she uses sex far to often .
the way its presented she comes off as someone who sleeps with men just so she does n't have to do anything mildly difficult , situations which could be easily resolved with persuasive skills alone are instead resolved with sleeping with the male obstacle in the actress 's way at the moment .
i could go on in my list of whats wrong in this film but there just is n't enough space .
in the end this movie was a sad attempt by the studio to bring in the same crowds the theaters were used to before the great depression .
if you are looking for a good provocative film from the early sound era of hollywood i would recommend any mae west or cecil b. film over this one .

-1
just watched this today on tcm , where the other reviewers here saw it .
sorry that i was the only one to find davies a weak actress , with a truly awful attempt at an irish ( irish-american or otherwise ) accent .
as she 's the star , it was sort of hard for me to get past that -- especially as the other reviewers have said that this was her finest performance .
another particularly terrible davies performance was in `` marianne `` ( 1929 ) , which i also watched today .
in this film , given a 9 of 10 rating here , her accent switches from that of a ( correct ) french woman to an odd combination of italian and swiss .
interestingly , in tcm 's one-hour bio of davies -- `` captured on film : the true story of marion davies `` ( 2001 ) -- film historian jeanine basinger claims that `` one of the things that you note about marion davies in her sound work is how good she is at doing accents . ``
of course this bio also includes commentary by fans ( make of that what you will ) .
davies was a very attractive young woman , and by all accounts a terrific comedienne in real life .
and because a part of her anatomy added immeasurably to the real-life answer to joseph cotten 's character 's search for the meaning behind kane 's final word in the opening scene of the great `` citizen kane , `` she 's earned her spot among the great stories if hollywood 's history .
but i think welles & mankiewicz got it right for the most part with the `` susan alexander `` facsimile of the real article .
do n't bother voting as to whether you agree or disagree with this post as i really could n't care less .

-1
for those who hate the three stooges , this short film from their mgm days is about the worst thing they ever did and makes you long for the `` sophistication `` of their later days with columbia pictures !
if you are a big fan , than unless you are insane , then this film will be a major disappointment , as the stooges ' humor is n't evident and the film is jam-packed full of stupid and awful dance numbers like you 'd expect from busby berkely .
now understand that until late in 1934 , the stooges were under contract at mgm and the studio had no idea what to do with them or their front man , ted healey .
oddly , they are cast as supporting players in the musical dancing lady ( and larry is cast as a piano player ) and this short was an attempt to market them to the public .
unfortunately , the act just was n't funny -- either because their vaudeville routine stank ( i have no way to know this , as i never could have seen them on stage ) or the mgm writers were idiots .
either way , it just is n't good as the stooges and healey just slap each other again and again with no finesse or energy or plot .
by the way , healey was , according to books i have read , a huge jerk who insisted on top billing above his stooges .
he also supposedly treated them like they were replaceable and gave them a very small cut of the profits .
if this is so , this would explain why they soon split and signed on at columbia without him .
considering how annoying healey was as a contract player through the 1930s after the breakup , i think moe , curly and larry made an excellent move .
ps -- in addition to this , the stooges also made the awful short big idea with healey at mgm .
it 's a tad better , but that 's not saying much .

-1
this must have been an embarrassment to every member of the entirely african-american cast .
every derogatory , disparaging stereotype of the black american community is featured prominently .
i wo n't reinforce the insults by listing them here , except to mention chickens , watermelons , and dice .
one good song by ethel waters ( and a couple of bad ones ) , and the fantastic singing and dancing talents of 8-year-old sammy davis bring the total up to something below 1 on the imdb scale .

-1
it 's not often that i ca n't finish a 1930s murder mystery , but this is one of them .
up to a point , it was a typical early 30s mystery .
the acting is a bit clunky , but typical of the time .
the setup has a gimmick , which was fine .
but when the two policemen crashed into the story , i could n't go on .
i 've learned from other reviews here that the two policemen in this movie were some kind of a comedy team .
unfortunately , they take their shtick totally over the top here , turning the official lawmen into clowns .
now there 's room for clowning in this genre - mantan moreland and the various sons of chan did it well in the charlie chan series .
however , in the chan series , when a cop is portrayed as a fool , he usually is n't on the screen for long .
in this case , the two bumblers are invited to louisiana on a plane flight .
their clown act includes the common shtick of talking in slang , which is not understood by the sophisticated lead characters .
in this case , the shtick goes on , and on , and on , and on ... you get the idea .
some other reviewers seem to enjoy this brand of humor .
needless to say , there 's no accounting for taste .
for me , buffoonery is fine in sidekicks , and in small doses .
in characters with serious jobs like policemen , it destroys the ` suspension of disbelief . '

-1
after watching almost every hitchcock film i have to agree with old hitch himself it was his worst .
even some of his older dated movies are so much better than this .
i just do not believe this is hitchcock 's area of the world and it shows .
if your a die hard hitchcock fan who has to see everything he directed like myself by all means watch this but if your not do n't bother as it is a painful experience .
i just can not think of any redeeming area of this film at all no humor no anything it 's just kind of blah .
as far as a spoiler you wo n't find one here because quite frankly who cares what happens at the end which is highly predictable .
i was just glad that it did in fact end .
.

-1
i absolutely love early 1930s movies , but this one i thought was just awful .
it has a quality of having been made up as the actors went along ( perhaps it was made up as the writers went along !
) , and does n't realistically address the problem of a disability , even for 1934 .
jean parker has a speech pattern similar to una merkel 's , and in appearance reminds me of mary martin , but somehow her personality lacks the spark that would have made me care more about her character 's plight .
i 've always loved una merkel , and the film would have been deadly without her , but this was n't anyone 's best performance .
it certainly is a cornucopia of character actors , though , as an earlier commenter said .

-1
for its time , this was a difficult topic to address in film , and though it was a touchy subject , i am sure many will disagree with my review of the film as an entire piece of work instead of focusing only on the subject matter .
if you wish to know what a filmmaker thinks about the film as a whole as opposed to the significance of the subject , then please read on .
what was universal thinking when they wasted their time and budget on this waste of film ?
struggling from money problems from flops and upcoming big budget films , they should have reconsidered this one .
it was obvious the studio had other things on its mind and possibly only wanted to cash in on colbert 's name and stardom .
be advised .
watch it only if you do n't care at all about quality film-making .
acting : poor claudette colbert , nominated for oscars in 3 best picture selections in one year , was the only person who could act in the entire film and had to overact to pull the film along for all the other .
ned , portraying elmer with a gruff stodgy almost constipated voice , was supposed to be comedic and for the first 3 lines it was a cute gimmick , but he continued on with monotone recitation without any screen presence or semblance of acting .
if he was a minor character , it would n't have been as grating but he had a great many painful scenes to endure .
louise as delilah , though she had a difficult and groundbreaking role to play in hollywood history , when compared to one that may be as difficult if not more so as hattie mcdaniel in gwtw , she pales shamefully in comparison and her abilities as an actor ( if any ) simply do n't come across .
though juanita as baby jessie has a few cute moments at the start of the film , i wo n't go further into the child actors save one grievance : unprepared wooden pathetic attempts to act and having to look off camera for their lines and those looks retained in the final cut out says enough .
the children as adults , rochelle as jessie and fredi as peola , were melodramatic at best , with fredi 's `` talents `` being geared more for silent films and rochelle 's simply tolerable .
warren , as steve , tried , he did try , i will give him that , but he was unappealing and bland at best .
script : scenes are entirely too long with moments that drag on and on and on and on .
this is one of the films i have ever seen .
not only do they drag the viewer through the initial festering dialog , they feel the need to recap nearly every `` plot point `` several times immediately after .
the dialog was unnatural .
the lines were difficult at best and almost unplayable as the actors ( i 'll give them credit for now ) demonstrated with efficiency .
slow , useless , unnecessary and unnatural dialog only serves to slow the film down and make it seem to drag .
editing : did they use every single frame of film shot in this movie ?
was it edited or simply pieced together ?
this film would be a whole lot better if 20 minutes of useless and poorly acted footage was removed .
i am not an add viewer , as i love a scene that plays out for 4 + minutes with minimal cutting , but this film seriously needs editing .
edit out the kids looking off-screen for their lines .
edit out the unnecessary walking .
edit out the unnecessary conversation irrelevant to the film .
cinematography : boring , unexciting , visual death .
it is the job of the to make the scenes visually interesting while capturing what the director wants from the actors .
framing could have been considerably better .
lighting was par for a b/w film , but nothing beyond ordinary .
direction : with the bulk of his director 's credits being b movies and shorts about chimpanzees in `` chimp comedies `` ( monkeys chewing gum w / actors ' voices dubbed over ) , i can see why the human actors probably did n't get much direction .
poor acting is often as much the fault of the director as the actor , because it is the skilled director 's job to `` pull `` the performance from the actor no matter what it takes .
oscar nomination : the only reasons i can think of for this movie being nominated for best picture in 1935 , ( before there was a limit placed on number of nominations ) are ( 1 ) the groundbreaking nature of the subject matter vs the times , ( 2 ) this was a vehicle for the popular claudette and ( 3 ) that it was based on a highly regarded book at the time .
it did n't win anything , which indeed speaks for itself .

-1
imitation of life was one of the worst films i have ever seen .
i did n't particularly care for the plot , and it is ironic how the film tries to show that women can be independent ( a big theme for the 1930 's ) but at the same time it portrays white women much more superior to black women .
the aunt stereotype that is put onto proves my point .
audiences in the 1930 's might have appreciated this work because of the rights of women suffrage but it totally dismisses the black struggle .
needless to say , this film fits into 1930 's american society .
i have yet to see the 1960 's remake ( or 1950 's ?
) but i would definitely check the remake out for changes in plot and theme because of social change ( the predominance of the civil rights movement .
) - joe .

-1
this is just a terrible , terrible film , with laughable performances all around .
it is sort of amusing , at times , but it 's at times pretty dull , and , it had some of the worst performances i have ever seen !
.
i got this on a cheap 3 horror movie disc set called psychotic connections .
the dialog is especially bad , and some of it was headache check out the laughable moment , when dr. maxwell starts , chasing a cat around , or how about near the end , when those two women , fight and argue constantly and hit each other , with baseball bats , and .
the direction is some of the worst i have seen .
dwain esper , does a terrible job , here , everything is so bland , and lifeless , and most of all the pace is very bad !
.
there is a tiny bit of gore ( tons for a 1930 's film ) .
we get , a heart in a jar , eyeball , severed head , and a cat gets his eye pulled out ( i hated it !
) .
the acting is god awful !
.
bill woods , gives an amusing over the top performance , but it 's bad , and , he totally over acts !
, and the accent was laughable .
horace b. carpenter , is also terrible , and made me groan .
rest are all terrible .
overall avoid ! ! ! ! !
bomb out of 5 , only watch , if your in the mood , for a type of movie like this .

-1
don maxwell is an ham , wanted by police , who has now found himself as the unlikely assistant to dr. meirschultz , a mad scientist in the business of reanimating corpses .
maxwell 's gift of impersonation gets him and meirschultz past the guards and into a morgue where they use a special serum to revive the corpse of a pretty young woman .
but that 's nothing .
dr. meirschultz has a heart beating in a jar of solution and is eager to put it into a corpse that really needs it .
meirschultz gives his assistant a gun and advises him to commit suicide , so that he can put the heart in him , but maxwell shoots and kills the scientist instead and hides the body .
people will miss meirschultz , maxwell quickly realizes , but no one will miss his lowly assistant ; and so maxwell dons eyeglasses and a fake beard to become his onetime benefactor .
the trouble is , he impersonates the mad doctor too well and goes crazy himself .
the schlockmeister , dwaine esper , produced and directed this utter crap , which includes more than enough nudity , sex and morbid perversity to have kept it out of legitimate theaters in 1934 .
it also includes the infamous scene in which the mad assistant pulls out a cat 's eye and eats it .
the movie is hilarious at first , not least because of the arbitrarily distributed title cards , which irrelevantly inform the audience about mental illness - a ruse to give the exploitative garbage the pretense of being an educational film .
the funniest scenes are between the scientist ( horace b. carpenter ) and the assistant ( bill woods ) , each actor trying to the other , making it a shame when one of them has to get killed off .
luckily , ted edwards , as one of the doctor 's patients , gets his chance to do some over-the-top raving when the assistant accidentally injects him with the serum .
but even at the short running time of 51 minutes , the whole business starts to get tedious and the laughs wear off around the time we 're subjected to some dismal cheesecake scenes .
eventually the irritation of the incoherent plot , which constantly introduces a new idea , only to drop it quickly and pursue another , will make even bad movie fans grateful when it 's all over .

-1
every so often on channels like tcm and amc , you see ads asking you to donate to film preservation .
well , guys , there are some films that deserve to vanish from view , and maniac ( aka sex maniac ) is one of them .
i mean , you have every thing you could want .
1930 's vintage toplessness , overacting , implied necrophilia , chick fights , cats getting their eyes gouged out .
i 'm not sure who the audience for this film was , exactly .
it was n't erotic enough to be considered a `` stag `` picture ( what they used to call porn films in the bad old days .
) this film was produced by dwain esper , who produced such gems as `` tell your children `` ( later known as `` reefer madness `` , often shown at midnight matinã©es in the 1970 's to hoards of pot-smoking teens .
) and `` can it happen again `` , an awful movie about the supposed private life of adolf hitler .
the amusing thing , i suppose , is that mr. esper probably thought he was making things with socially redeeming value .
the film is inter-spliced with texts from psychology using now obsolete terms .
i have no doubt this film was made to try to cash in on the buzz caused by `` frankenstein `` , with a mad scientist character trying to bring the dead back to life .
his assistant , a ham actor from vaudeville ( on the run for charges not quite clear ) kills him before he could become the subject of his next experiment , and then attempts to impersonate the doctor .
what follows is a mess so confused that you could n't figure it out on a bet .

-1
not altogether hysterical as in non-stop laugh-out-loud , but absolutely hysterical in the hyperactive , eventful nonsense sense .
esper attempts to impose an ` educational ' frame , regarding the tragedy of mental illness , onto what turns out to be a complete and priceless tour of exploitation in the ` territories ' era .
two guys playing the same beardy , chest-beating mad scientist provide a very , very tentative through line as we amble between stupid detectives , animated topless corpses , ham actors imitating simians while hopped up on adrenalin , repeated and heartfelt acts of unspeakable cruelty against cats , women ripping their clothes off while stabbing each other with hypodermic needles , and , my favourite , the dorm party of some wisecracking and utterly irrelevant dames with silent-movie voices .
there 's even a `` police squad `` - style frame at the end .
absolutely priceless .
also notable as the only motion picture ever covered by husker du ( `` how to skin a cat `` ) .

-1
for years , i thought that plan 9 from outer space was the worst movie ever made .
however , in recent years i have seen quite a few films that actually were worse -- though certainly not as much fun to watch .
of these films that are actually worse than plan 9 , the very worst of these is maniac .
in every possible way , it is worse than plan 9 and makes ed wood , jr. look like one of the greatest writers/producers/directors that ever lived in comparison !
sure , both films had random stock footage inserted , but maniac managed not only to come up with more pointless footage but also managed to torment dogs and cats again and again and again ! !
the folks at peta would have strokes if they saw the orchestrated animal fights and the average viewer will wonder what these scenes have to do with the film ( the correct answer , by the way , is `` nothing `` ) .
other than michael vick , i ca n't see who would want to see this .
both films also featured the worst actors of the day , but apparently 1934 had a bumper crop ! !
the guy who played the mad scientist was so awful and overacted so much that he made tor johnson ( from plan 9 ) look like a thespian ! !
and so many of the supporting actors and actresses could barely read or remember their lines -- in particular , the ladies who were undressing ( in another irrelevant scene ) .
finally , the guy who was accidentally given the injection of `` super adrenalin `` overacted much worse than the piano-playing guy from reefer madness ! !
i truly think the average 6 year-old is potentially a better actor than most of the folks who appeared in this movie .
but the worst aspect , and something that beats plan 9 for badness , is the plot and editing .
i have never seen a more disconnected and plot-less film .
it looked either like the director kept changing his mind and started and many different films and ultimately just spliced them all together or he was an active schizophrenic .
some parts were silly horror film , some was a porno flick ( with a lot of exposed breasts ) , some was a snuff film for people who hate animals ( featuring not just cat fights but a very , very , very realistic scene where a guy pops out the eye of a cat and eats it -- done in closeup ) , and some was just irrelevant clips of anything they find ! !
and , on top of all this irrelevance , they interspersed long and dry text explanations of the accepted diagnoses of the day for mental illnesses ( though terms such as `` dementia `` are no longer used or accepted ) .
no attempt was made to connect all this disparate images -- like it was edited with a chainsaw !
unfortunately , unlike plan 9 , this film is also not particularly watchable or interesting .
perhaps bad movie films will still enjoy this mess , but due to it 's high level of smut ( something that ed wood , by the way , put into his later films -- post plan 9 ) and , it 's just not interesting -- just bad !

-1
in the 1980s , thanks to the brothers medved , `` plan 9 `` earned the reputation as the worst film of all time .
in the 1990s , thanks to mst3k , `` manos , the hands of fate `` earned the worst film moniker .
allow me to submit the film `` maniac `` as the very worst .
this film is so wretched , so fallible , so awful , it 's impossible not to have an opinion about it .
`` maniac `` is a film of almost no reputation .
however , cult film critic danny peary called it the very worst .
it 's easy to see why .
`` maniac `` has almost no frame of film that is expertly produced .
the film is grainy , shots are poorly executed , actors are rendered unseeable by being filmed standing behind test tubes .
`` maniac `` easily has the worst acting in any film , from any time , any country .
overacting must have been a prerequisite to being hired for this film .
everyone talks in such an imposing , style , you 'd think you were watching a session of congress .
at least `` plan 9 `` has professional actors such as lyle talbot ; at least `` manos `` has interesting characterizations .
`` maniac `` can not boast any of that , except that actor horace carpenter once worked at biograph with d.w. griffith .
what a comedown for him to be in this film .
do n't get me wrong ; the film is a hoot to watch .
from the incredible cat 's eye scene to the cat fighting to the women fighting with syringes , `` maniac `` has it all .
this film , made in 1934 , may surprise people with its brief nude scenes .
but it was a `` roadshow `` movie , so it 's not really surprising at all .
this was the kind of movie that could only be seen in burlesque houses or tent shows .
often , a promoter would put ads about the movie in the local papers , gaining huge interest in the film .
the promoter would pitch a tent on the outskirts of town for the screening of the film .
the promoter all too often would have to fold the tent and get out of town quickly , trying to avoid local authorities and local moral laws .
do yourself , do your family , do your community a favor .
rent `` maniac `` and see if you do n't agree it 's the worst ever .
you 'll howl , you 'll cry , you 'll kiss your rental money goodbye !
see !
incredible eye-popping scenes !
see !
a bevy of chorus beauties !
see !
mad scientists go even madder !
see !
how long you can stand watching it !

-1
oh dear , how this film is showing its age : the endless fades , the wooden acting , the actors twenty years too old for their roles .
perhaps also it is that the very ideas and themes are showing their age .
in a modern era , leslie howerd 's character just seems wet rather than sensitive - you wish the guy would just grow a pair ; the attitude to his club foot seems horribly unenlightened in an era where we say ` disabled ' , not ` cripple ' ; and mildred 's ` shocking ' behaviour and ultimate fate seem laughable and judgemental .
bette davis 's cockney accent is dreadful , poor lass , but having said that , her acting is the only good thing in this film : leslie howerd is dire and the only worth his salt is alan hale : the characters of harry , sally , sally 's father and norah are all poorly drawn and the film attempts to cover far too long a time span .
although i am a huge fan of vintage movies , including silents , i was able to watch this particular film only as a curiosity piece .
worth watching perhaps once for the costumes , furniture and bette davis 's eyes .

-1
such a disappointment after many readings of the w. somerset maugham 's novel .
the charm of the book 's is main character , philip , his struggles with poverty , a lonely childhood , fascination with mildred , and other issues that are resolved beautifully by the author are totally missing from this movie .
the movie begins with philip as a full grown man .
what motives are there for the viewer to understand his behavior ?
nothing .
the low-life played by betty davis is a huge turn-off .
gack !
who but a masochist could be attracted to her ?
the sally of the movie is nothing like the sally of the book .
the books development of philip and sally 's relationship has no development that is tender or shows sally 's character as in the book .
philip 's internal dialog in the book as he ponders not living with sally , is barely given account .
so much of the book is missing this movie is a skeletal parody at best .

-1
take a hatchet-faced leading lady , a few uniformed nonentities to fawn over her , an unfunny chappie , some nondescript music , and a tinny orchestra to play it , and you 've got princess charming , which typifies the british musical of the time .
the plot is inspired by the prisoner of zenda type of books , but totally lacks the tension .
there is revolution in the air - and no wonder .
those poor peasants having to pay their taxes to keep this bunch of singing , fawning , backstabbing parasites .
no wonder they are in revolt .
the film has a sad ending .
the revolt is quelled , they get married and live happily ever after .
the happy ending would be if the revolutionaries got to leave a bomb in the palace and blow the whole lot of these cut-glass voiced poseurs to kingdom come .

-1
most of wayne 's b westerns are kind of fun in a naive way , but this one really stinks .
the editing is terrible , and the direction and pacing is completely lethargic .
most of the cast stands around waiting for the mute guy to write down his thoughts on a pad of paper , and i was bored .
sorry , duke , but this gets a 1 .

-1
the sport of ` live hare coursing ' is banned in civilized countries .
it involves greyhound packs chasing a live rabbit or hare to its brutal death .
sadly britain in the 1930s apparently still allowed this barbaric practice and this movie celebrates it in gruesome detail .
no self-respecting movie outlet should have any dealings with this disgraceful production .

-1
this 1934 movie is largely unknown and considering it was directed by john ford this may seem surprising .
yet even quite exhaustive surveys of his work either omit references to this movie entirely or else give it only a passing that i have seen it i feel that this is not really surprising after all .
it is bombastic , muddled and confused , with a - for me - unacceptable pacifistic line .
it is the product of an isolationist mind set and i found it morally repugnant .
thankfully , it is not very good and so it is possible to dislike it on artistic grounds as well .
in form it is a family or dynastic saga , split into a number of eras .
it opens in in new orleans as the family of a dead fabrics baron assemble for the reading of his will .
the estate is split between branches of the family in the us - as represented by franchot tone - , england , france and germany .
the rest of the action is this segment consists of tone killing a , man in a duel for insulting madelaine and tone have a mutual attraction but she is engaged to someone else and the affair is not consummated .
the movie then moves forward to europe immediately before world war 1 .
the family gathers for a dynastic wedding .
tone and carroll re-appear , both playing descendants of the people they portrayed in the opening section of the movie.there are hints - conveyed by their response to a particular piece of music - that they have some kind of `` deja vu `` connected with their ancestors previous relationship but this potentially intriguing theme is never pursued .
war breaks out and the family splits on national grounds .
tone joins the french foreign legion to take up arms against germany but others respond in less sensible defies the orders of the government and refuses to make munitions ( an act of treason which bizarrely ford seems to agree with ) while a key member of the french side of the family joins the priesthood as a gesture against the war .
the last part of the movie takes place in the 1920 's .
tone is now a tycoon and an absolute megalomaniac driven by greed and a lust for power.the crash of 1929 sees him his life and values and take a `` peace , love and understanding , man `` approach to life .
there are some good things about the picture .
the scenes of wartime action , without recourse to graphic violence , do depict the horrors of war well but overall this is a sprawling mess of a movie .
the episodic structure and the obvious striving after `` significance `` allied to a propensity to preach at the audience make it tedious .
the last 10 minutes is essentially a lightly dramatised and sententious pacifist tract and as wishy washy as such of nonsense invariably are .
one section is particularly offensive , it involves newsreel footage of hitler , mussolini and japanese militarists and the british navy .
now , ford was an anglophobic jerk ( albeit one who could be a genius with the right story and actors at his disposal ) but surely even a blinkered irish nutter should have realised that to lump the british in with that bunch of lunatics was over-egging the pudding a tad .
that decision was not the product of woolly thinking so much as feeble kind of oaf who thinks owning a u2 album makes them an expert on politics in general and `` the troubles `` in it does n't - it makes you a musical illiterate easily parted from her/his cash by a bunch of pompous bores with guitars the acting is indifferent , the racial stereotyping in the stepin fetchit role is insulting but above all i can not tolerate a movie that responds to the rise of european and asian dictators by advocating nonsense like appeasement and treasonable factory owners this movie is pernicious tripe

-1
i ca n't believe the relatively good ratings this one is getting - i find it unwatchable .
i 'm a big charlie chan fan , and i 'll defend the series against all charges of racism , but this stinker is beyond defending .
the only redeeming factor is that it insults the irish cop as much as the chinese characters .
this is a film that consists entirely of stereotypes - the wisecracking reporter , the pretty love interest who puts off the ` hero , ' the half-wit irish cop , the nefarious orientals - all that 's missing is the cowboy in the white hat .
do n't confuse this with the boris karloff wong series - the difference is like night and day .

-1
with all the talented people involved in this production , i do n't know how it could 've gone so terribly wrong .
but it did .
there are many ludicrous aspects to the plot , and other reviewers were right in saying that the pacing is very choppy , with no clear indication of how much time has elapsed between events .
i was irritated by the story , which is incredibly contrived and melodramatic .
first , there 's no real reason for sylvia to start dressing like a boy - oh sure , the authorities will be less likely to spot her father if he 's travelling with a `` son `` .
riiight .
but does n't the old man have to provide identification when he crosses the border ?
would n't they detain him then anyway ?
and would n't it make more sense for * him * to change his ?
sylvia sacrifices much in order to protect & help her father , including giving him the money her dead mother left her - not that he really appreciates the gesture - just takes it and resumes ordering her around .
this guy is so unlikable and weak .
he lets his kid take care of him and does n't do a damn thing for her .
throughout the film we see him making bad decisions , and never really taking responsibility - and then the final cop-out ( which i wo n't reveal ) .
somehow we 're meant to sympathize ( since sylvia does ) , but it 's impossible to feel sorry for a silly fool 's grand gesture over a cheap floozy who 's not attractive or interesting enough to inspire such passion in the first place .
it 's incomprehensible .
sylvia 's character development also suffers , as it 's difficult to understand why she loves her father so much when he never cared about * her * welfare .
i guess we 're supposed to accept the simplistic declaration that her character is good and pure of heart .
the true motivations of other characters , like monkley ( cary grant ) , are also fuzzy and unexplained .
can the acting rise above such bad writing ?
not really .
edmund gwenn is fine as the father , but no fun to watch .
cary grant does a good job ( with little screen time and a role that 's shallow , as written ) playing a shady cockney thief - very different from his typical cultured sophisticate role !
but i do n't think katharine hepburn did very well with her dual role .
honestly , she did n't seem terribly convincing as a girl , * or * as a boy !
as the latter , she whoops and hollers and runs around , but to me , this makes her seem like a hyperactive child ( of either sex ) , rather than specifically * male * .
ditto at the start of the film when she 's still a girl - she 's more demure and softspoken , but the high pitch of her voice mostly succeeds in conveying youth , moreso than gender .
hepburn 's physical acting is also rather superficial - dainty steps as a female ( almost a parody of a girl 's movements ) , and galloping leaps as a male .
there 's no subtlety .
when i hear that a movie flopped at the box office , like `` sylvia scarlett `` did , i want to support it , because i naturally root for the underdog ( and besides , so many crappy movies are box office hits ) .
i also thought this film might be ahead of it 's time and have something smart to say about gender roles .
well , i found myself disappointed .
`` sylvia scarlett `` is not an underrated gem .
sometimes , a flop is just a flop .
and some films are better off forgotten .

-1
shirley temple is so sweet , so picture-perfect in her cutesy act , that she is unbearable to watch in this .
i could not get through much of this totally unnecessary remake of the 1924 `` captain january `` featuring child star baby peggy .
the latter was a heartfelt rendition of a deeply moving story .
this piece of saccharine detritus is nothing more than a star vehicle for the cloying 8-year-old .
i have not attempted to watch shirley temple in years so maybe it should n't have surprised me to hear robert osbourne , in introducing this on tcm , say many consider this to be temple 's best film .
oh , gag me with a spoon .
i was intrigued to see that this film is based on a story by laura e. richards , who was the daughter of the female author of the `` battle hymn of the republic `` lyrics .

-1
even if it were n't based on a book , this movie would have been horrible , and its worse because it is nothing like the classic book it was based on .
i would recommend you read the book , but if all possible , pass by this sad excuse for a movie .
1/10

-1
wow , what a piece of propaganda this turned out to be .
i was shocked , first of all , to see atheist katharine hepburn playing a praying catholic ( actors are prostitutes ; they 'll play any role if the money is right .
hepburn and tracy proved that way back ) .
`` mary `` was praying for guidance .
that was fine , even refreshing to see her play that kind of role , to be honest .
however , once `` mary , queen of scots `` arrives in scotland and encounters john knox , the scottish protestant reformer , we see the bias .
knox is portrayed as some shouting , lunatic !
sorry , but that 's so typical of the film world ... even back in the classic film days where catholic were all portrayed as lovable and beautiful people by the likes of bing crosby , ingrid bergman , tracy , loretta young , etc . but protestants did not receive the same treatment ... and never have .
of course , nowadays hollywood is unrelenting in bashing both groups , particularly catholics .
nevertheless , this film is really biased toward hepburn 's character , and too prejudiced for me .
even with no bias , at 123 minutes this film was too boring - a sin to every movie-goer !

-1
i do n't care what anyone says , this is a dreadful film .
i laughed about 4 times during the whole thing .
a lot of predictable , obvious , unclever slapstick , and awful lot of it really contrived or just stupid ( i longed for death during the interminable scene where he goes round and round the dance floor carrying the tray ) .
but the worst part of all was the `` social commentary `` aspect .
this film is pure .
in a nutshell , chaplin could n't handle the fact that technology -- talkies -- was displacing him and his silent movie approach , and so he railed against all technology .
nine years after talkies came in , he 's still stubbornly clinging to silents ; apparently these `` talking pictures `` are just a fad .
it 's the most pathetic of crusades .
oh , and it 's not hard to see why people thought chaplin was a communist .
the character of the owner of the steel mill might as well have leapt off the pages of marx himself , he 's such a grotesque caricature of a capitalist , sitting around doing jigsaw puzzles , reading comics , and yelling at the proletariat to work faster .
happily , for the most part , the movie does n't maintain this virulently anti-capitalistic tone .
but its attempt to capture the pathos of the depression is itself pathetic .
when the factory reopens , chaplin exclaims `` work at last ! ``
-- but the reality is that he 's already had three jobs during the movie , and he lost all of them through his own incompetence , not because of the depression .
the great moral stance that this movie takes is that it glorifies bunglers and thieves .
let it not be said , though , that i found nothing good in the film .
chaplin 's stunt work ( i assume that was actually him ) in the blindfolded rollerskating scene is mindbogglingly good .
truly remarkable .
i 'd gladly trade the whole rest of the film for just that scene .

-1
i 'm a big fan of the movie serials .
i never watch even the best of them with the same critical eye as i do `` real `` movies .
but even by those lowered standards , this film is a big bore-fest .
people commenting on this list seem eager to use `` worst movie of all time `` to describe anything they happen to dislike , but i hesitate to use the phrase here , even though i am sorely tempted .
i 'm certain that there are other films that are worse than this , but i 'm just as certain that i do n't want to see them .
the movie is clunky and stereotypical , rather demeaning of asians and women .
that 's actually par for the course for an action film of this vintage and is understandable even if not really forgivable .
what is not really understandable is why an action thriller has only sporadic , stilted action , a cliffhanger has no real cliffhangers and something designed to bring you back to the theater week after week only makes you want to hurry ahead to the comedy .
the plot -- trying to keep the tourists out of chinatown -- is a ludicrous as the spike in the telephone gag used in the film .
i saw the film on two dvds ; i bought the second part by accident and was confused a bit by it .
i figured that starting at the beginning would help .
it did n't .
try not to watch the film alone .
it screams for treatment !

-1
i watched this after taping it from an episode of ifc grindhouse .
it was so boring that i could barely stay awake watching it .
maybe it was because i have never smoked pot and never will that it did n't work for me on any level .
it was n't effective as propaganda or unintentional camp .
i fast-forwarded it at some points just because i wanted to get to the ending .
aside from the fact that i have never smoked pot and never will , maybe the fact that i saw it 72 years after it was made would explain why i found zero entertainment value .
i applaud dwain esper for his hard work keeping the movie freaks out of obscurity , but this movie just stunk .

-1
we all know there are some movies that are so bad they 're funny .
`` plan nine from outer space . ``
they need n't be old or cheap either .
john wayne 's `` the conquerer `` is right up there in the first rank of the fifth rate .
i think what we tend to forget , between viewings , is that bad movies are also extremely dull .
and after a first viewing , prompted by curiosity twenty years ago , this one was a real caution to sit through a second time .
i ca n't truthfully say it 's worse than having a colonoscopy , but then i like .
briefly , mercifully , i 'll keep the plot short .
good old bill harper ( kenneth craig ) is a high school kid , `` a fine upstanding american young man , `` according to his principal ( joseph forte , in one of the most execrable performances ever committed to celluloid ) .
fine , upstanding bill reluctantly finds himself attending reefer parties held in an apartment owned by a gang that includes carlton young and dave o'brien .
aficionados of john ford 's mature movies will recognize carlton young , but you have to be knee deep into an obsession with the short comedies of the 1940s to recognize dave o'brien .
anyway , nature takes its natural course .
young bill joins the others in their intoxication , neglects his upstanding young girl friend , mary , takes up with a sleazy blond , learns to enjoy doing wild dances , and is framed for the accidental shooting death of mary .
nobody involved in the production could have had the slightest idea of what marijuana is or does .
they may have gotten their ideas from cecil 's textbook of medicine or someplace -- symptoms of cannabis intoxication include high pulse rate , rising blood pressure , compulsive laughter , impaired judgment , euphoria , sluggishness , and so forth .
( they left out the munchies .
) a snap of the surgically scrubbed fingers and , voilã , it 's not a high at all , it 's a disease .
the writers scripted in some additional symptoms , for the sake of their dramatic purport , i suppose .
reefers also make you snappish and angry .
they prompt you to hold up stores .
they drive you insane , as they did dave o'brien .
they lead you to drive too fast and too recklessly , so that you tend to run over innocent pedestrians .
( that last symptom bespeaks a high level of imagination ; most drivers intoxicated by cannabis are likely to drive too slowly and to begin applying the brakes while the stop sign is still a quarter of a mile away .
they 're burning up the road until they look down at the speedometer and realize they 're traveling at 35 miles an hour .
) well , in 1936 , hardly anyone had had any exposure to marijuana and this film was designed to be educational in the vulgar sense .
it 's easy to generate hysteria in a crowd by slipping them disinformation about the unknown .
if it 's not marijuana , it 's internet predators , satanists , ufos , illuminati , or something else .
these kinds of of fear reach our more primitive structures .
the fear is , for good reason , hard wired in our brains and sits there waiting for the trigger to be pulled .
since most of what we have to fear now , as opposed to when we lived in caves , consists of symbols that pose no immediate physical threat , we seem compelled to pull make-believe triggers from time to time .
we wind up with a false fear , or what psychologists call `` an arousal jag . ``
this movie is a good example .

-1
for the uninitiated , this much retitled film may have given the impression of being a very low-budget variation on the contemporary socially-conscious `` message `` pictures made by major studios like warner brothers when , in actual fact , i believe this is just surface coating and , underneath , a tawdry , cheap and campy exploitation flick is trying to get out ; this is borne out by the utterly sensationalistic and risibly over-emphatic ( in other words , completely unrealistic ) treatment replete with rampant eye-rolling by the `` victims `` in the throes of marihuana addiction which reaches ridiculous new heights in acting of this sort ; i 'd be willing to bet that many more people tried the weed after watching this movie than were eventually put off by it !
even so , i still managed to get a perverted sense of enjoyment from it and would n't mind trying a couple of others from its stable like maniac ( 1934 ) , cocaine fiends ( 1935 ) and marihuana ( 1937 ) .

-1
`` reefer madness `` ( originally `` tell your children `` ) was created to teach parents that it 's never too early to scare the holy crap out of your kids .
through this film we learn that the soul-destroying effects of marihuana ( mike nelson explains in the commentary that this film was made before the invention of the letter j ) far surpass those of cocaine or heroin .
we see firsthand that even teens who can quote shakespeare like nobody 's business can not escape its evils .
here are some of the symptoms of casual marihuana use : - laughing maniacally while running people down in the street - playing the piano too fast - having sexual relations with people you do n't really like that much - accidentally shooting people you do like pretty well - having no recollection of being framed for murder if your child has experienced any of these symptoms , he or she is a marihuana addict .
the solution is simple : force them to watch `` reefer madness `` because if we do n't heed its warning , `` reefer madness 2 `` will be coming to a theater near you or you ... or you !

-1
when i see or hear people talking about the worst movies ever made , i am surprised that i so often hear about ed wood but not this wretched little exploitation film .
while it is famous for being bad , i was n't prepared for just how awful the movie was !
the acting is among the worst i 've seen , the dialog is pure crap and the film appears to have directed by a gibbon .
the film begins with a boring narrator talking to his audience about the evils of marijuana .
then , he tells a `` true `` story about some kids who dabbled in pot -- only to have their lives ruined !
he explains that pot is worse than heroin or cocaine and it leads to insanity or death ! !
the narrator disappears and we see some people who look way too old to be students and the actual story begins .
you can tell these must be kids , though , despite their apparent ages because they say `` golly `` and `` swell `` in almost every sentence !
plus , considering how badly they read their lines , they ca n't be adults !
the movie concerns young wholesome american billy and shows his rapid slide from all-around swell guy to a man accused of murder !
in addition to poor billy , you are treated to a man who goes insane due to repeated marijuana use as well as a lady leaping through a window to her death .
golly that 's bad !
gee it 's a hoot seeing the crazy pot user when his girlfriend is maniacally playing the piano .
the film is unintentionally hilarious and very exploitative ( showing a lot of skin and `` racy `` scenes for 1936 ) .
it 's a shame , though , as some who laugh at this film for its way of the effects of pot may think that drugs are okay -- or even fun .
in fact , i would think drug abusers would love this film because it might make them laugh at the idea that drugs can kill -- after all , they might reason that if the movie is mostly a big lie about pot , maybe other drugs are n't so bad as well .
so , very possibly this little film warning about the evils of drugs actually encouraged drug use !

-1
a lousy movie any way you look at it , but somewhat fun on a camp level only .
** spoilers ahead ** a nauseatingly clean-cut pair of teenage lovers ( kenneth craig , dorothy short ) have their lives destroyed when he becomes addicted to marijuana .
she is accidentally shot to death ( by one bullet ) while he was hallucinating and he is ( unjustly ) put on trial for her murder .
that whole part is ridiculous .
for starters the bullet goes into her back -- that is not going to automatically kill someone .
also , it was impossible for her to get shot -- the gun is n't even pointing in her direction when it goes off !
also , according to this film , one puff of marijuana immediately leads to addiction .
this starts by uncontrollable giggling , then hallucinations , then sex , then violence and finally insanity .
obviously , the filmmakers had no idea what they were talking about .
no talent for making films either .
bad acting ( although lillian miles was ok ) , teenagers who look like they 're 30 , lousy direction , stupid script ... a textbook example of how not to do a film .
still , in has many unintentionally hilarious moments , especially miles ' piano solo and ralph ( dave o'brien ) slowly going insane .
good for laughs only .

-1
cindy collins smith 's review ( see above ) explains the context of this film very well .
i strongly recommend reading it before you read any of the other reviews ( including my own - below ) .
` epically awful ' ` full of misinformation ' ' a propaganda film which was so ineptly made that it had the opposite of its intended effect . '
much has been written about reefer madness and its importance in the history of film-making , so i wo n't bother to reiterate any of these opinions .
instead , i would like to look at reefer madness as a film .
how does it rate as a film ?
poorly .
it has a predictable , uninteresting plot , cardboard cut-out characters , racial stereotypes presented as obvious facts , a stiff script , an unrelentingly plodding pace , and it is very poorly shot .
the dramatic points in the plot are so badly acted , scripted and filmed that the film fails to produce any real drama , and the only likable characters in the film are , sadly , the ultimate villains .
the editing is n't too bad .
imo , the fact that it was shot with very little budget over a very brief period and was not intended to be taken very seriously does not really help matters much .
the low budget shows .
some competent acting talent was squandered .
and the film really is n't funny unless you 're high !
the plot is simple - a clean cut american boy is given a joint in place of a cigarette and is , from that point forward , spun out of control down the path to lunacy , addiction , and violence .
saying any more would lead to a spoiler , and , just in case any of you are seriously considering watching this film , i would n't want to ruin what little entertainment value there is in it .
having stopped experimenting with drugs twenty years ago , i can not imagine anybody even being amused by this film unless they themselves were on drugs .
it 's simply poor .
and poor does not necessarily = funny .
unless a film is particularly artful , i will rate it according to its entertainment value , not necessarily its technique , theory or method .
this , for me , is one of those films which does more harm than good - it is neither an effective propaganda piece nor a parody of one , and therefore deserves a single star .

-1
this movie , intended as propaganda , obviously failed at its purpose .
instead it became a campy horror film of unintended silliness -- grist for unintended parody .
it went into oblivion until marijuana re-entered the scene , and it re-emerged only to demonstrate the fraudulence of the old anti-drug crusade .
reefer madness probably led more people to use marijuana than any other promotion ; indeed one almost has to be on drugs to appreciate this flick .
it is a despicable piece of movie making for its racism ( note how it treats mexican-americans ) and its excessive explicitness of what marijuana can do .
marijuana , to be sure , is a health hazard for the same reasons that tobacco is dangerous , but hardly as dangerous as lsd , heroin , cocaine , pcp , ecstasy , or methamphetamines to anyone -- or alcohol to children .
during the 1970s college audiences watched this flick and had their own snide comments about it .
did the figures of mst3k get their ideas of how to create their format of irreverent commentary about a bad movie ?
the college audience -- even the conservatives among them ( by 1970 's standards ) with whom i watched it found it hilarious for all the reasons that its makers would have found inconceivable .
unintended camp ; abject failure as propaganda .
if this had been the norm for world war ii propaganda by the allies , then we would all be speaking either german or japanese .
one can accept it as a camp horror story , even ahead of its time .
such was not its purpose .
entertainment value was not a purpose , which is also true of films whose intention is to promote industrial or highway safety .
if the highway patrol creates a gory film on auto accidents that deters bad driving , then the film , whatever its other shortcomings , is excused ; one simply does n't show the film for paying customers in a theater .
this movie fails at its intended purpose and thus deserves contempt .
one star of ten from me because of its complete failure at its purpose .

-1
is there anyone in the world who does n't know of the reputation `` reefer madness `` has ?
for the longest time , i 'd heard of this ` film `` s supposedly hilarious side effects , but had never seen it for myself .
being a connoisseur of the weird and offbeat , i decided that it was my solemn duty to give this allegedly historical artifact a look .
and what a waste of 67 minutes it was .
imagine an anti- ` marihuana ' scare film released in the 1930s , complete with horrendous acting and a completely inaccurate portrayal of the drug 's effects , and you have `` reefer madness . ``
only it is n't funny , even in a so-bad-it 's - good way ... it 's just a slow , stupid , intolerable mass of celluloid garbage that 's best left forgotten .

-1
horrifically awful .
one of the worst films ever made .
do n't watch it alone , and do n't watch it sober .
one of those films that you just have to see , even if it 's only for the overt propaganda and the deliciously maniacal acting !

-1
yes folks , this movie is like baby geniuses as if it were made in the 1930 's instead of 1999 .
reefer madness is , i think , the first worst movie even before santa claus conquers the martians .
reefer madness tells the account of a bunch of teens that were high as a kite .
and when i said high as a kite , i meant that they were on marijuana .
marijuana , according to film , was considered to be `` the real public enemy # 1 ! ``
what , was al capone absent to take the public enemy # 1 title ?
the acting was so bad that i swear that one the actors is related to the director of bebe 's kids .
okay , i 'm not a fan of marijuana , but i think this movie must 've explain the effects of this so-called `` public enemy # 1 `` in an exaggerating way .
this movie was even considered to be propaganda by the nostalgia critic .
bottom line , reefer madness is just another corny and bad movie like a troll in central park and the super mario bros movie .

-1
such a load of propaganda b.s . could only be a product of the isolationist , narrow-minded decade of the 1930 's & the great depression .
put together by tobacco executives who felt that the market for cannabis threatened their tobacco crops , the film shows ordinary teenagers who go crazy on marijuana , laughing hysterically & running over people with their cars .
in once scene a bureaucrat points to a cabinet full of crimes related to marijuana & describes one where a girl butchered her entire family .
anyone who knows anything about pot knows that it 's one of the few substances that can actually calm down a homicidal murderer .
i saw the film as a comedy , because it really is ridiculous .
the sound quality is terrible - besides the somewhat muted voices you can hear what sounds like a projector reel running in the background .
also the acting is second-rate at best .
but , if you 're in the mood for some 1930 's tobacco propaganda , this is for you .

-1
things are different down at the malt shop in small town lily white america .
seems some surly gents are turning kids on with mind altering mary jane aka marijuana .
the iniquitous soul stealing substance popular among urban hep cat negroes and sex crazed mexicans is making its final push into the white suburban middle class targeting its children .
before our eyes we see kids as fine as a may morning degenerate into crazed lunatics with uncontrollable appetites for de la .
reckless behavior follows and comic scenes of debauchery ensue as the kids get existential , craving faster music , driving recklessly and becoming overtly more lustful .
it all comes to a head when sweet mary finds herself compromised by a craven and then murdered .
law and order ultimately sets things straight but not before a guilt ridden member of the dealers haunted by flashbacks jumps through a ten story window to her death .
this cautionary tale of blatant lies and unintentional hilarity about demon weed is one of the first broad sides in the war on drugs .
amateurishly and clumsily patched together with sensationalistic blather and mad it irresponsibly condemns what would turn out to be a medicinal panacea used by millions .
having extensively researched and observed the herb in use during my college years i found none of the deleterious effects dramatized in the film .
on the contrary i found among colleagues a more subdued good natured mood fueling a penchant to consume vast quantities of carbohydrates ( as well as a more restrained appreciation of sex and music ) .
by ignoring this `` munchies `` factor tell your children loses a golden opportunity to dramatize and publicize the greater threat that faces this .
but in its day these insipid ravings allowed then kinda drug czar harry anslinger to develop a cottage industry to employ jobless revenue agents who lost their meal ticket with the end of prohibition .
they needed a demon and found it in a benign plant that could avoid being regulated and taxed and was pervasive among second class ( blacks and latinos ) citizens who were already being institutionally abused of their rights .
when it crept into white society films like tell your children warned of the impending apocalypse .
it must have worked because the disaster thus far has been averted .
but as the stern narrator soberly warned we must remain vigilant .
pass the hagen .

-1
`` trouble for two `` is arguably one of the worst film adaptations of a literary classic to appear during the 1930 's .
it 's true that the original story ( `` the suicide club `` by robert louis stevenson ) was a novella in three parts that had to be condensed to fit the confines of a movie .
and undoubtedly there was a need to pander to the tastes of the time by introducing elements of romance and comedy into the screenplay .
but hollywood chose to satisfy these conditions by combining several of the original characters , mutilating their personalities and the plot in the process , and introducing a silly love story as a foreground element and motivator .
to make matters worse , the film adds superfluous bit parts to create a spurious `` olde `` atmosphere that actually wastes time .
the original novella presented an adventure of prince florizel of bohemia , an urbane , sophisticated sovereign of high moral purpose , who delighted in plunging into underworld escapades , assisted by his friend and confidante colonel geraldine , a dashing and resourceful young cavalry officer .
but in the movie , florizel ( robert montgomery ) has become a trifling , light-headed fop , and geraldine ( frank morgan ) a foggy , timid , middle-aged bumbler .
worse yet , the villain whom they meet , the president of the suicide club ( played by reginald owen ) , has been changed from a corrupt genius of crime into a political fanatic and fused with another of the book 's more entertaining characters , softening and weakening the film 's spirit considerably .
events only go downhill from the first encounter of these three .
and the attendance of a lady ( rosalind russell as miss ) at a victorian gentleman 's club undermines the plot 's premise and credibility even further , if that 's possible .
to their credit , montgomery , morgan , owen , and company play their caricatures tolerably well , though a depressingly wooden performance by russell and the pointless disposal early on of the charming louis hayward contribute to the butchering of the story .
anyone considering watching this movie would be well-advised to avoid it and save 75 precious minutes , and instead read the original novella ( available for free online in project gutenberg 's collection of robert louis stevenson 's works ) .
it 's a great but sadly neglected classic .
perhaps in future it will receive the film treatment it deserves , in all of its three-part glory , at the capable hands of the british film production companies that supply crime dramas to masterpiece theater .

-1
undersea kingdom must rank at the very bottom of the cliffhanger serials .
why ` s it so bad ?
well it was shown on consecutive nights on bbc2 many years ago and watching every episode less than 24 hours apart it becomes patently obvious that the audience are being cheated .
every single cliffhanger is re-edited at the reprise , the worst example is an episode that finishes with a tank that has the hero strapped to its front smashing through a wooden gate of a fort , a loud crash , splinters everywhere there is no way our hero could possibly have survived the impact - then the following episode shows ( ! ! ! !
possible spoiler ! ! ! !
) the people inside the fort opening the gate before the tank crashes through .
this goes beyond cheating and remains the worst resolution to a cliffhanger ever .
so give this rubbish a miss unless you ` re interested in seeing lon chaney jr in a cameo in the first episode or you ` re wanting to laugh at some bizarre robots who are obviously men with a water boiler over their heads

-1
this begins with roz russell as a rich girl riding her horse near where bohemian robert montgomery is working on a painting .
she falls off the horse , twice , and next thing : they 're getting married by a justice of the peace .
was a whole movie scrapped and the ghastly goings-on that follow plugged in ?
this is very possibly the worst `` a `` picture from the 1930s i 've ever seen , wasting the two leads and such excellent supporting players as robert benchley and monty woolley .
( helen vinson comes through unscathed , as a viper .
) there is a strong secondary gay theme .
first there are snide jokes about a decorator and his `` partner . ``
( this , of course , is not to mention that benchley is living with montgomery before russell moves in .
) when montgomery realizes he has sold out as an artist , he propositions a woman on the street to let him paint her little boy , whom we later see eating candy and wearing a loincloth as montgomery tries to capture his image .
it does n't seem as if the people behind this ever lived , loved , or -- very definitely -- learned .
how astonishing that charles brackett gets credit for the arch , smug screenplay !

-1
you can find this miserable waste of celluloid in those bargain basement 20 movies for $ 6 type of sets .
some of those films are really good !
but not this one .
if you purchase one of those sets , please skip over this movie .
if i can save one person from wasting 53 minutes of their life , this posting will be worth it .
where o where did republic come up with this poor excuse for a cast ?
there are no obscure names here , obscure suggesting they were once well known .
no has-beens , suggesting actors once had a decent career .
the best thing i can say about the leads is that they looked pretty good .
i ca n't comment on the acting since there was n't any acting .
there was some over acting from that annoying second rate allen jenkins type character - so incredibly unfunny .
the leads were just a waist of space - and they could n't sing either - and this was a musical .
in fact , not one of them could even so much as carry a tune .
i really hated the male lead 's voice which was just a lot of bad vibrato .
there was only a couple of songs .
none of them good .
so we are down to a bad attempt at comedy ( writing and acting ) , terrible music , non existent direction , and putrid acting .
did i mention the horrid attempt at comedy yet ?
no charm , no fun , no nothing .
other than that , it was great .
shame on you , republic pictures .
stay out of the musical business .
do not watch this film .

-1
how can you make a bad movie with allan jenkins and hugh herbert ?
we now know it 's possible .
the script is hopeless .
the acting , aside from the two main characters , is terrible .
the sets are cheap and at times seem ready to fall down .
i 'll bet that the film was made in less than a week .
this is the classic two comics in a haunted house .
the result makes monogram 's charlie chan series look professional and expensive .
i rather like `` b `` films , but this is a `` c. `` i 'll wager that the kids in the saturday matinã©es laughed when the fake octopus tentacles come reaching out of the wall to grab people .
but why go on ?
this is a stinker , mercifully unavailable in standard vhs or dvd format .

-1
this is just a god-awful mess of a film -- terrible in just about every way .
i thoroughly hated this movie and wonder why it did n't merit inclusion in harry medved 's book , `` the 50 worst movies of all time `` -- it was that bad .
other than maniac ( 1934 ) , it might just be the worst film of the 1930s .
i honestly enjoyed sex madness ( 1938 ) and reefer madness ( 1936 ) more than sh !
the octopus as they seemed like shakespeare compared to this painfully unfunny and confusing film !
hugh herbert and alan jenkins star in this b-movie and prove conclusively why they were relegated to supporting roles in films -- they were amazingly annoying and unfunny here .
while herbert and jenkins are fine in small roles , the are just awful and grating -- and actually make we miss the ritz brothers ( who , up until now , i thought were the most unfunny comedy team in history ) .
nothing , i mean nothing , they do is funny in the least .
heck , dick nixon and spiro agnew were significantly more funny than these two idiots ! !
as far as the plot goes , it 's sort of like an old dark house film -- but with even more clichã©s and making even less sense .
i could try to describe the plot , but it just is n't worth it -- since it 's that confusing and unimportant .
throughout all the mayhem , giant fake octopus legs appear rather randomly -- and in some cases ( such as when captain hook is struggling with it ) , the strings are so obvious that even ed wood , jr. would laugh at the ineptitude of the special effects .
unfunny , grating , loud and stupid -- i hated every minute of this film and would rather gargle with scorpions that see this wretched mess again .
unless you have a severe head injury or are a masochist , you ca n't possibly enjoy this film .
please , do n't trust the other reviews -- it really is that bad a film !
do n't say i did n't warn you ! !

-1
i 'm usually generous when it comes to reviewing , i like to pick out the best parts in movies and say little about negative parts , but this , this had to be a negative review and if you 're a snow white fan and you think it 's the best disney movie , keep scrolling .
you 're not going to like this .
the thing that bothers me is that there 's absolutely no substance to the story or the characters .
i blame the time setting , 1937 .
things were n't as advanced , animation is impressive but that 's it .
walt disney did n't really give personality to the characters , develop the story line .
he just thought : damsel in distress , wicked and evil stepmother and handsome prince to rescue the damsel .
end of story .
also , there was a poor shot at trying to make the screen time with the dwarfs funny , they were as annoying as snow white .
all seven were named after emotions or a symptom .
very clever * rolls eyes * now , snow white on the other hand is utterly and completely sugary sweet .
her voice makes me want to hit her , the way she flounces about the place singing at everything .
how innocent she plays out to be .
.
ugh .
compare that dullness to the likes of other disney princess 's like belle , ariel , pocahontas , rapunzel etc . .
then she 's totally bland .
in a way , i have to give them the benefit of the doubt .
.
they did try .
apparently if disney 's cinderella was n't successful , then they would 've had to shut down , hence , my point .
snow white was that bad and just laughable that they were nearly out of business .
now the fans .
they 're obviously ass kissing .
how could you like snow white in any way ?
my theory is , is that they 're rooting for the movie because it 's disney 's first full feature length film .
no offence to walt disney but after he died , the story lines improved and gained success and attention .
the characters were more memorable , fun and the movies were a huge hit .
disney started everything , so i should be grateful because i am a huge fan but one thing 's for sure is that disney would n't have had a chance if it was n't for cinderella .
in my opinion , still a very cheap and low chance at a film .
again , back to the time frame .
what was it ?
1930 , 1940 , 1950 , 1960 ?
then walt disney died and movies improved ?
quite suspicious to be honest .
in conclusion , i hated this movie and that evil old woman who was the wicked stepmother was terrifying !
how could kids sit and like this movie without covering their eyes and crying ?
just how ?
i would avoid this movie at any cost -- unless you 're just curious at disney 's attempt at this abomination ,

-1
this is surely one of the worst films ever made .
each scene is painful .
you will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor , the awkward camera work , the sexism and racism , the ridiculous story line , the wooden acting .
poor joan bennett ; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment .
in all , dreadful .

-1
this is one those movies where you can go terribly wrong , because of the director and the stars.i mean , how bad can a movie be with henry fonda and sylvia sidney ?
.
well , it can be awful , when the story does n't make any sense at just totally ridiculous from beginning to plays an ex-convict who does one stupid thing after another , and whose life is miserable beyond belief , because of some divine bad 's no point going over the story , its hard to understand what this movie wants to say , seemingly that some people are born to be criminals and end up is load of crap of course.i was so disappointed to see two wonderful stars in this horrible movie .

-1
my first thought was `` what 's with the name ? ``
when i hear `` the yukon , `` i think of the yukon territory , which is in canada .
this was set in alaska .
but then i remembered that a portion of the yukon river is in alaska , so i 'll grant that one .
still , what we have here is a very , very bad movie .
it looks grainy and cheap .
maybe it 's grainy because of age , but that does n't explain the cheap part - and lots of movies made in the 1930 's have stood up very , very well .
this one does n't .
the acting is dull and lifeless for the most part , and really for a significant chunk of the film , .
this seems more interested in being a cutesy animal film , with a talking crow and bear cubs playing , with a musical score that more often than not really did n't seem appropriate to what was supposed to be a 1930 's version of an action-adventure .
the story revolves around jean and gaston ( beverly roberts and richard arlen ) trying to find their way out of the alaskan wilderness and having to deal with a pack of wild dogs while doing so .
meanwhile , a domestic collie named firefly becomes a mate to the leader of the wild pack .
the story of the dogs really parallelled what became the point of the last 20 minutes or so of the film , as jean is forced to choose between the rough and tumble gaston and the civilized and cultured hugo ( lyle talbot ) - because firefly has to choose between life as a wild dog and life with humans .
ok .
that was pretty obvious once gaston and hugo got into their fight over jean .
but that one point that worked really ca n't do anything to save this .
it truly is a dreadful movie .
( 1/10 )

-1
surely this is a film as profoundly stupid as most of the films being foisted on us today .
i think it was meant to be a screwball comedy -- a genre that flourished with enjoyable results in the late 30s -- but it develops into ( spoiler ! !
) a flicker about whether the beautiful woman will go to chair , or gas chamber , or gallows ( whichever was in use back then ) .
march is playing an impossible game in which he knows that the pursuer will somehow show up at the unknown island and miss with his .38 , knows bennett will be convicted , and knows he can ( spoiler ! !
) spot the real culprit with a ( spoiler ! !
) phony radio newscast .
then the murderer ( spoiler ! !
) is instantly plugged in a version of dodge city justice .
and no blood spills on the rugs !
this is really awful , and one wonders why an actor as good as the great march agreed to take the script on .
bennett is a beauty though , so the thing to do is turn the sound off and just watch her whilst she is on-screen .
shame on tcm for not heading this one off before it disgraced the screen .

-1
in the early days of cinema before movie theaters were integrated , black film patrons were eager for films about their community and with black actors .
sadly , however , the production companies making these films ( such as sack -- which probably should have been called ` suck ' ) had minuscule budgets , very inexperienced actors and film makers and generally were quite substandard .
while this was not always the case , most of these films i have seen are pretty bad -- and considering what the film makers were up against you could certainly understand why .
but what i can not adequately understand is how some of these films ( `` the devil 's daughter `` is one of them at times ) are amazingly racist when seen today -- confirming some of white society 's preconceptions at the time about the inferiority of blacks !
in this particular film , the smart blacks who have good social standing are all and the actors are often there for comic relief -- much like the characters played by the likes of steppin ' fetchit and mantan moreland .
plus the whole voodoo angle certainly is not a great image for black america !
from a sociological and historical point of view , it is very interesting .
but it also makes this particular film age horribly ... and rather sad .
a black lady from america inherits a family plantation in jamaica and does n't realize the dangers involved .
there are voodoo practitioners and haitians on the island who are in league with the devil !
in many ways , this film is like the grandfather of later blaxsploitation films like `` sugar hill `` and `` blacula `` -- but with a much , much smaller budget .
can her incredibly light-skinned boyfriend save her or is she destined to join the side of evil ?
in the end , there is a surprise twist ... not that anyone cares .
is this a good film ?
well , to put it bluntly , nope !
the currently abysmal score on imdb ( placing it in the bottom 10 for all films from the 1930s ) is well earned .
bad acting , scenes that should have been but were n't ( they probably could not afford additional film stock ) and a dreary pace manage to sink this movie .
for example , though the film is set in haiti , not one person has a jamaican or creole ( haitian ) accent .
and , when the actors do talk , they often stumble over the words -- and they sound like they are reading cue cards !
another sad example is the fist fight -- it looked almost like it was done in slow motion -- presumably because the actors were taking great care not to actually hurt each other !
plus too many scenes of people dancing , having cock fights ( insert own tawdry joke ) and the like really bog this film down to a crawl .
i 'd say this film is even worse than many in the genre -- including the somewhat unfairly maligned `` harlem on the prairie `` ( the book `` the 50 worst movies of all time `` considered the worst black production of this era ) .
too much meaningless footage and dullness make this anything other than a curio -- and you 'd think voodoo and possession would at least be interesting !
if you are curious about seeing it , it 's on a dvd from alpha video ( along with another terrible film `` chloe `` ) -- just be forewarned that the condition of the print , like many of alpha 's , is very , very poor .

-1
dog daze is regarded by most hardcore our gang fans as the first unmitigated disaster in what would soon become a long running train wreck of mgm series entries .
the plot here centers around the gang 's money making scheme of rounding up stray dogs that springs from a need to repay butch a whopping .
director george sidney seems to be experimenting with exaggerated facial reactions as a substitute for a funny script .
the best actor in this entry is a dollar bill eating goat .
the our gangs that work the best have no moral lessons to force down the audiences ' throats -- something that hal roach kept to a minimum ... something that mgm would never learn .
this dismal entry marks scotty beckett 's second and last our gang appearance as cousin wilbur .
although he 'd soon become a first-rate child actor , here you just want to see him get beat up .
awful ! ! ! ! !
a 1 out of 10 , unfortunately there would be many future mgm entries to equal this stinker .

-1
`` idiot 's delight `` is an apt title for this film .
it 's certainly no one else 's delight !
i was horrified at the pathetic material given to two of mgm 's biggest stars , clark gable and norma shearer .
shearer 's character is annoying and aggravating ( compounded by a horrible blonde wig ) , and i found myself wishing that calamity would befall her just to eliminate her from the film !
gable was by no means a musical star , so why did they make him sing ? !
his character was amusing , but not enough so to save the picture .
laura hope crews was , as always , a diverting addition to the film , but was n't given a very large part , unfortunately .
the biggest question i found myself asking through the entire film was `` what is the point of this film ? ``
it seems to promote anti-war sentiment , which is odd , considering it was produced by a studio whose films firmly supported the war effort .
looking back , i have a hard time discerning anything that could count as a plot .
it seems a crime that a film like this could lay waste to so many talented performers .
and for what ?
a film with an original ending so tasteless that a second , `` international `` ending had to be filmed !
`` idiot 's delight `` is a frustrating , cardboard film that does not merit the honor of being watched .
potential viewers be warned !

-1
first of all , i should say that i 'm not a closet fan of soviet russia .
however , seeing soviet russia spoofed so clumsily in this film is just plain embarrassing .
the whole notion of making a featherweight comedy set in one of the most oppressive societies of all time is somewhat questionable , and it becomes completely absurd when the `` oppression `` we see centers mainly around the rationing of eggs and western lingerie .
in other words , this movie feels so artificial , and so tame , and so hollywood , that its attempts to depict the hardships of life under communism are laughable .
too bad the intended jokes are n't as funny .
most of the humor here is of a twee and dated nature - like garbo 's `` amusing `` pudgy friend in russia , and our hero punching an obnoxious clerk .
good grief .
an 8.0 on imdb ?
surpassing the french connection , and nipping at the heels of floating weeds ?
i do n't believe it .
some classics really are great , but some are pure cheese .
i know garbo 's hot , but really ...

-1
the only place i ever hoped to see mickey sporting a gun would be in an editorial cartoon .
so much for hoping .
the kiddies get to see their favorite mouse lurking around the woods attempting to blow out the bird brains of some quail .
he does n't even flinch when he sees a couple with their babies trailing after them .
nope ... he just fires off a round .
cute walt ... really cute .
nominated for an oscar ?
this one hardly deserved a high caliber award .
mickey 's constant use of derogatory language was also a big turn-off .
i guess if talking trash to your supposed friend and trying to shoot forest creatures is entertainment to you , you 'll be wowed by `` the pointer `` 1/10

-1
i can not understand people 's infatuation with this film .
come on people , the wiz is better than this , and that had michael in it .
michael jackson , people !
what 's my problem with this ?
how everybody talks about it like it 's the best movie on the planet .
i watched it , i was n't impressed .
the lines were delivered alright , but just overall , i was n't impressed .
sure , back in it 's time , it might have been revolutionary ... but i preferred predator over this when i first saw wiz of oz back in 1995 .
sorry , folks , not a lot of evidence to back-up my opinion , but my brain hurts just thinking of this terrible piece of garbage .
the only part i liked was when the credits started rolling !
my rating : 1/10

-1
this movie sucked .
it is so rubbish not even your pets will be interested .
if you want to see what the inside of a baby 's mind looks like here is the film for you .
my first problem is that the people who made it did n't know if they wanted it in color or black and white , so they used both !
lol as if we would n't notice !
well i noticed and i thought it was rubbish .
the little town with all those children was actually played by grown men .
it 's stupid to think we 'll believe they 're children .
another thing i hated was that it 's telling a story about four people , and three of them are n't even real .
one is a bear , one is a scarecrow and one is a robot .
all they do is jump around and sing weird songs at each other like morons .
not even a baby would enjoy this , so please do n't try making one watch it , no matter who it belongs to .

-1
mgm 's demented version of baum 's deranged novel .
kansas ' leading juvenile ingrate ( judy garland ) gets conked on her noggin by a window frame during a hurricane and consequently dreams of a world populated by twisted dwarfs .
following several tedious encounters with a motley collection of dysfunctional humanoids , she wakes up surrounded by her stupid .
dorothy has apparently learned not to run away from home - or at least not to dream about it .
`` oh auntie em ! ``
, she exclaims .
`` there 's no place like home ! ``
.
oh yeah ?
then go do your chores , you little tramp .
the film has all the subtlety of a raccoon at a dinner party and will produce the same kind of nightmares one gets after eating a can of tainted sardines .

-1
i watched this back in the day when i was single digits and it went in one ear and out the other .
i could n't remember anything about it except the tornado sequence .
i watched it again in my 20 's and 30 's mainly at xmas as you 're forced to at that time .
still i could n't understand all the fuss .
now , nearly 50 years old i can categorically state this film is awful .
yes , it is like a dream , a forgettable one and as a fantasy more like a bad acid trip .
there is nothing ` heart warming ' about it .
those that find that must be psychopathic .
the acting is flat , including the ` famous ' judy garland and the more she and the other stars over-act the flatter it becomes .
none of the characters are likable or interesting and the whole experience is like someone being sick on your face .
the fairy from the north is more ugly and disgusting than the wicked witch of the east and the dog toto out acts them all .
the only good part was when the tree slapped dorothy for pinching an apple .
that was the only cool thing in it .
and that only probably 'cause you wan na slap her yourself for being such a precocious non starter

-1
very good children 's film that was incredible for it 's time with regards to it 's special effects and movie has to be seen before one turns age 13 to truly get it 's hypnotic and magical today , this film has that effect on living cartoon with give all performances by all the actors including every bit player extra in showed her talents here and the song `` over the rainbow `` is one of the best musical recordings of all time.if you are into children 's book type fantasy stories and are forgiving of 1930 's special effects , you will like this one for sure ... ...

-1
`` the wizard of oz `` is great ! !
my favorite thing about it is the color change from kansas to oz .
i also love the scarecrow and the tinman .
maybe i was the only one who noticed , but i always thought the scarecrow had a crush on dorothy ! !
i also love the little guy who follows dorothy into oz from her home : toto ! !
`` the wizard of oz `` is such a classic , it has become a part of american culture !
so if you 've never seen this movie , you really have to !
it 's a definite `` must see ! ``

-1
i have to rain on the `` oz `` parade here .
for the life of me , i can not fathom why this film is so revered , and i know my films .
the 1939 `` wizard of oz `` has to be the most annoying , obnoxious , and overrated `` classic `` and `` great `` film ever made .
the acting in `` oz `` is horrible , the sets completely unrealistic always looking like they are indeed on a soundstage instead of looking anything remotely close to real ( early tim burton syndrome ) , the characters are all annoying , really this is probably the most `` in your face `` obnoxious film ever .
if it did n't strain so hard to be a good film , this may have actually have been a decent `` b `` film , an early cheesy delight along the lines of countless 50 's and 60 's cheesy sci-fi , horror and fantasy films .
but because `` oz `` thinks a lot more or itself than it really should , it comes across as a bloated albatross of a pathetic attempt at decent fantasy .
even the supposed `` great `` song , `` over the rainbow , `` is completely overrated .
it 's a horrible , horrible song , completely and painful to the ears .
the one lone bright spot in the whole film is the wicked witch , with margaret hamilton playing the role so well and clever she easily outshines literally everything else the entire film has to offer .
but hey , many people like the film , so that 's the way it is .
but speaking of this film in the same manner of real films like gone with the wind , casablanca , and so many more , is a complete joke .
`` the wizard of oz `` is probably the worst supposed `` great `` film ever made .

-1
this is a ridiculous yarn about a doctor who seeks to cure paralysis with human spinal fluid .
why do all these old horror flicks have characters who need human spinal fluid to stay human , etc . ?
i 've never understood how human spinal fluid was thought to accomplish these things .
this movie is slow and the idea that karloff would be able to gut out a gorilla , turn it into a costume and make people believe a gorilla on the loose was responsible for a series of killings is unbelievable , unless you take into account the fact that no gorilla appears anywhere in this cheapie , just a man in a gorilla suit .
so , i guess it would be possible to kill the man in the suit and take him out of it .
only watch this flick if you love , karloff , or movies about men in gorilla outfits killing to collect a supply of human spinal fluid .

-1
with a title this blunt , one would expect that the actual narrative of the ape follows suit .
it actually does try to switch things up with some last second ` ' idiocy , but this is a movie about an escaped circus gorilla terrorizing a rural community .
oh , and then there 's the outcast scientist who 's illegally experimenting on a paralyzed young woman named frances .
yeah -- it 's every bit as random as it sounds .
how the escape of the ape in question correlates with this doctor 's ethical quandary is hazy to say the least , and the behavior of the townspeople is just as weird .
apparently , they 're all scared of this doctor because he practices medicine in an `` unorthodox manner `` ( that 's about as much details as we 're given ) .
in fact , even the kids around town hate him ; so much so that he catches them pelting his house with rocks .
in any case , the good doctor is forced to treat a circus trainer who was attacked by the beast in question .
the doctor draws some spinal fluid from the dying man , injects it in his paralyzed patient , and marvels at her ability to begin twitching her hitherto unresponsive feet .
meanwhile , the escaped animal breaks into the doctor 's house ; during the chaos , the aging practitioner throws some sort of liquid in the ape 's face and then stabs it with a knife ( and , we assume , kills it ) .
what 's really weird is that he informs his mute assistant that no one in town should know the gorilla is dead .
this seems to have a sinister motivation at first , but we later discover that the doctor begins dressing as the ape ( i think ?
or maybe he skinned it and then made a suit ?
) in an effort to motivate frances to finally stand on her own two feet -- * cough , cough * -- and prove that his research had scientific credence all along .
uh-huh .
in short , this is a movie that uses the presence of a lumbering ape to try and add an element of horror to an otherwise straightforward -- and boring -- story about a renegade scientist who 's misunderstood .
it 's the classic `` he 's - - `` tale .
there are plenty of chances for the film to be inventive , but it suffers from a particularly bad case of `` convenient circumstances `` ; you know , the sort of thing that happens at just the right time to allow the narrative to move forward in an absolutely unbelievable way .
case in point : an official from the institute that trained the doctor shows up to investigate strange occurrences in the town .
the man accuses the doctor of breaking all sorts of ethical codes .
how does the scientist respond ?
he suggests that the official see the result of his research , and takes the man to visit frances .
the official requests that frances prove she 's recovering from her polio by wiggling a foot .
she ca n't do it .
based on all of this you would assume the mad scientist is in deep doo doo , right ?
wrong .
instead , right when it seems that our anti-hero is about to be taken into custody , the official says , `` well , she did n't move her foot .
but i definitely noticed a muscular reflex .
congratulations , doctor ! ``
umm ... what ?
these sorts of occurrences plague the ape , making it one of the most eye-rolling attempts at scary film making to have ever come down the pike .
but , like a lot of the `` b `` offerings from this era , it does have its moments of unintentional humor .
because of that , i 'll award it half a star .

-1
did n't know what to make of this one , , boris karloff seems way out of place in this one , one thing i did n't get at all was the name of the movie , why is it called the fatal hour , , there are no references in the movie to any particular hour , i found this movie to be rather boring , did n't really have any excitement at all , do n't know why it 's classified as a horror pic , , it should be under crime drama or something , , i think that boris karloff should stick to monster movies , , that 's what 's he is the best at , , other than that i 'm running out of things to say about this movie , other than it was boring , had no action whatsoever .

-1
a couple of years ago i was at a library near where i work and was dismayed to find that the video selection included only one buster keaton movie , sidewalks of new york , an abysmal feature he made for mgm in the early talkie days .
anyone who had never seen buster 's great silent comedies and watched this film instead would get a badly distorted idea of his abilities , and might never want to give him another chance .
now , to add to the frustration , i find that the library down the street from where i live has just acquired its first keaton material on dvd : a two-disc set of short comedies he made for columbia pictures in the late 1930s and early '40s , comedies which , in my opinion , represent the nadir of buster 's entire career .
even the weakest sound features he made at mgm have their moments here and there , and several of the two-reel shorts he appeared in at educational pictures in the mid - '30s are surprisingly enjoyable , but the columbia series is the pits .
jules white , who directed most of them , favored a approach to film-making , and to say that this is contrary to the spirit of keaton 's best work is putting the matter politely .
wit is absent from these films , and all a viewer can do is feel sorry for the star as he valiantly attempts to lend these bargain basement comedies a touch of class .
i single out the taming of the snood for comment because it may well be the worst of the bunch .
the closest this short gets to humor is in the opening sequence , when buster , who runs a hat shop , tries to lure a skeptical lady customer into making a purchase by modeling several goofy new creations .
the problem with this scene is obvious : any comedian can get laughs by putting on silly hats .
this sort of shtick is for like el brendel or hugh herbert , not buster keaton .
( you do n't even need a professional : your uncle bob can get a laugh with a funny hat .
) furthermore , fans of his best work will only be reminded of the great hat shop sequence in his silent feature steamboat bill , jr. , where the laughs were inspired not by the hats themselves but rather through a carefully developed situation and the star 's inspired performance .
in any event , buster is soon plunged into a half-hearted plot concerning crooks and ill-gotten gain .
a stolen jewel is hidden in the band of his famous hat , and then we 're whisked away to an apartment building where buster must make a delivery .
it is here that he encounters a low-comedy maid played by elsie ames , and the picture goes straight down the tubes .
elsie ames is , bar none , the worst comic i 've ever seen .
she mugs , she rolls her eyes , she assumes `` funny `` voices and seems to think she 's the cutest thing going .
this would be acceptable in a grade school pageant where the performers are , say , 7 years old , but in an adult these outrageously hammy antics are deeply irritating .
if ames had given a performance like this at keystone back in 1913 director mack sennett would have stopped the camera and told her to tone it down a little , but apparently jules white egged her on .
meanwhile , all buster can do try to maintain his dignity while this freak makes a fool of herself .
there is a brief attempt to re-enact the three keatons ' table routine from buster 's vaudeville childhood , but elsie ruins it with her loud-mouthed buffoonery .
the final scenes involve a pet parrot who gets the jewel attached to his leg , flies out the window , and nestles on a flagpole .
buster , working in front of a depressingly obvious rear-projection screen , climbs out onto the ledge and engages in some bogus `` thrill `` comedy while ames continues to make a nuisance of herself right down to the final fade-out .
at that point i imagine buster heaved a sigh of relief and hustled off to the 's office to collect his paycheck .
all i can add is that if you 're browsing the shelves of your local library and see this collection of keaton 's columbia output , do yourself a favor : skip it , and seek out his silent work instead .
when buster left columbia in 1941 he was quoted as saying that he `` could n't stomach turning out even one more crummy two-reeler . ``
if you happen to see the taming of the snood you 'll find out just what he meant .

-1
solid comedy entertainment , with musical interludes , it generates a fast pace that carries proceedings along in zestful tempo through a maze of humorous and chiller complications .
boris karloff , bela lugosi and peter lorre form a strong setup of sinister villainy .
the script contains all the standard mystery film panels , secret passageways , thunder and lightning and poisoned .
karloff , lugosi and lorre go in for heavy leers and obvious melodramatics of the era .
kay kyser and his band offered great entertainment for the people living in the 1940 's who were trying to forget about the horror 's of world war ii .

-1
this film is of some historical interest in that it represents black independent filmmaking of the 30s and 40s , intended primarily for black audiences .
it also gives those who remember the `` amos and andy `` tv show a chance to see the earlier , serious work of spencer williams who portrayed andy on the show and who wrote , directed , and starred in this film , as he did several others .
unfortunately , the acting and technical aspects of this film are so primitive that it is almost unfair to criticize it .
it is an earnest and well meant effort , but worth watching only for a few nice religious images and the fine gospel singing on the soundtrack .

-1
if you get more than twenty minutes into this film , you are one committed movie goer -- but you should be committed elsewhere .
this film about a nazi sub crew stranded in hudson 's bay ( as if ) was so unrealistic and poorly filmed that i was waiting for nanook of the north to save the day .
unfortunately along came a french canadian with a lumberman 's shirt on played atrociously by l. olivier and with one fell swoop i began thinking of the pythons ' `` i 'm a lumberman ... `` well , as it turns out , the nazis actually did land in canada once during the war to place a weather station in labrador , that stopped working after a few days .
as suggested , this is more than can be said for this film .
cheers to anyone who lasts longer .

-1
i can understand that in the midst of war , this was meant to be a propaganda film and being bias was part and parcel of the flavor of its day .
what i fail to comprehend is why did the filmmakers treat the audience as dumb as the nazis portrayed on this silver screen ?
one moment the fugitives were at one location and then the next they ended up in another location without explanation as to how it all came about .
perhaps the filmmakers intended to have us fill in the blanks because they could n't explain it either .
how did all these nazis learn to speak fluent english so well ?
the krauts in this movie does n't resemble any germans we have seen in history books and documentary films .
i hope it fooled the canadian movie-goers of its day .
the producers must have searched long and hard from their horror film casting lists .
worst of all , we began to feel sorry for these blockhead nazis because for them to be that dumb ( by directing trouble and attention to themselves at every opportunity ) , it must be a congenital medical condition ( just like the one the filmmakers must have suffered ) .
civil libertarians would be lining up to defend these dumb nazis .
if only they were all that dumb and the war would not have lasted more than the 6 years that it did .
totally absurd movie has wasted an opportunity to have it made into a quality suspense film .
it 's a pity the filmmakers have murdered a great idea of nazis stranded in the north american continent whilst seeking for a return ticket home .
one thing though , you 'll get plenty of opportunity to exercise your eyes because you 'll be constantly rolling them in astonishment at the lame acting and script .

-1
and besides it is pretty much `` awful `` as 1 is supposed to indicate maybe it might get another star for the fact that they put victor at the swimming ' hole at what midnight or something ... which is quite a stretch at least they realized that as groucho said , the man 's breasts were bigger than the lady 's .
anyway his hotness ` es hotness is about all in the in this venture , along with the always welcome laird cregar , always welcome lc !
watching this also i could only think how could carole landis give up the ghost fo rex darned harrison ? ?
life is strange is n't it ?
there 's no justice , is there ?

-1
if someone can figure out the plot for this movie , please let me know .
the story line jumps all over the place , except during the many times when stock footage is shown to make the movie longer - way too much longer .
the `` city of the dead `` is so obviously asian ( perhaps ) that i was surprised they had the gall to show it in this `` african jungle `` movie .
that was also stock footage as the actors and the `` city `` are never seen together .
the budget for this movie was probably a couple of hundred dollars .
i like buster crabbe , but i was hoping the sharks would kill him in this movie .

-1
the synopsis for `` drums of africa `` ( 1941 ) certainly sounds noirishly inviting : `` buster crabbe leads an expedition to the heart of africa in hopes of finding the fabled city of the dead . ``
the movie 's usa release title was `` jungle man `` .
and according to the synopsis in the tv source book , `` tarzan ( buster crabbe ) foils the man-eating beasts that are trailing a beautiful girl ( sheila darcy ) in the jungle . ``
both synopses are wrong on all counts !
buster is not tarzan .
nor does he lead a safari !
yet , would you believe , the new york daily news gave this one two stars !
for those not in the know , that particular newspaper was not over-generous with stars .
`` king 's row `` received only three stars , `` gone with the wind `` , four !
well , this compendium of wild life stock shots is not worth half a star , let alone two !
true , mr crabbe smiles a lot and flexes his muscles for his fans , while miss darcy commendably puts into practice her belief that the proper attire for jungle wear is a south seas sarong .
charles middleton , none the worse for his previous encounters with buster , is no longer ming , the merciless , but missionary , the lovable !
and of course we never see the city of the dead .
all we get instead are two postcard photos of angkor vat !
there needs to be a rating less than zero for a minus film like this one !

-1
bruce kellogg travels with his fiance betty , her father , and bruce 's assistant andy to unexplored africa to search for the city of the dead ( apt reference to the movie ) .
they arrive at the camp of father jim , who happens to be betty 's uncle and dr. hammond ( aka ) , who is working on a cure for a deadly jungle fever .
basically the `` plot `` has bruce , andy , and the guide going searching for the lost city , while and betty remain to save a village from the jungle fever and `` get to know each other better `` .
blame for the dreck should be put on the shoulders of director fraser , who turns this film ( with a decent cast ) into a home made 8mm movie version of a of the jungle episode ( apologies to ) , but also aided by an incompetent crew .
crabbe , middleton , ( how did these two get in here one year after flash gordon conquers the universe ?
) , and darcy all come off as listless and just waiting out the week this film must have been made in , but still better than the rest of the cast who ca n't deliver dialog or act , especially barnett as the safari guide .
since its a poverty row jungle film , we have an overabundance of silent stock footage of native ceremonies and safaris .
a black mark on everyone involved .
rating , 1 .

-1
dreadful , stupidly inane film dealing with corruption at the louisiana purchase lumber company .
everyone in the state of louisiana seems to be corrupt and inept .
a member of the college 's english department can only sign his name with an x .
when it appears that a straight laced senator ( victor moore ) is coming to the state to investigate , everyone there tries to blame the innocent but foolish bob hope character .
is it any wonder that vera zorina did not get the part of maria in 1943 's `` for whom the bell tolls ? ``
naturally , the corrupt officials along with hope try to show pictures of zorina with moore so as to ruin him politically .
moore marries the head of the restaurant who he had insulted when he asked for a ham sandwich .
he thought the reason that she was upset was because it was a kosher restaurant .
this is the extent of humor is this absolute mess of a film .
when hope tries to defend himself in congress , he does a take-off of james stewart in `` mr. smith goes to washington . ``
by then the film is too far gone for any good response .
the music and lyrics are both absolutely terrible .
that song praising louisiana , sung in various ways , is absolutely terrible .
irving berlin had something to do with the music of this utterly terrible film ?

-1
the maltese falcon is about a detective who solves the crime of his partner 's murder by dogged determination .
the main plot is the solving of the crime ( which ends in success ) , with a minor love interest subplot that ends in failure ( the detective gives up the love interest after discovering she committed the murder ) .
as a story the maltese falcon largely flatlines .
the main plot moves from discovery to discovery but the turning points feel arbitrary and not meaningful .
as the story unfolds , the detective unravels the back story of what the treasure is and how it got here .
but the back story 's revelation does n't create much meaning for us or the protagonist as it mainly involves the secondary characters while our main character remains immovable and static .
the main character untangles the sordid histories of these secondary characters to solve the crime , but we are left with a feeling of so what ?
in the end we get two somewhat moral triumphs : one , the detective solves the crime of his partner 's murder despite the police messing up their investigation .
but this moral victory feels empty since he and his dead partner 's wife are lovers , which throws him off the moral high horse .
the second is that he gives up his feelings for o'shaughnessy and sends her to prison because he finds out she turns out to be the murderer .
this moral dilemma also feels empty because : a ) so he cheated on his dead partner 's wife who was his lover to be with this new lover and then gives her up , how is that a moral victory ?
and b ) the two of them only have 2 or 3 turning points to develop their relationship and their love does n't have much to stand on .
so the story is reduced to rely almost exclusively on a classic who dunnit throughline with some great actors who are unfortunately trying to breath life into empty cardboard box of characters .
in other words , a big waste of time .
my story chart of the movie is at storycharts.ca

-1
alright this is a pretty old movie and i thought what the heck it got good reviews on imdb so it must be good .
wrong .
this movie is absolutely pathetic no story line random killings and it all comes together with an unexplained ending that only if your mental you would get .
i practically fell asleep and i was going to turn it off but i thought it must get better it must well you know what ?
it does not .
so do not waste your time watching this horrible overrated failure of a movie .
humprey must have been high and all of you when you voted this on the top 250 .
and i do n't know why they call it the maltese falcon because it has nothing to do with a bird

-1
`` they died with their boots `` on sucked .
the movie `` they died with their boots on `` sucked because it was inaccurate .
the movie was more like a comical western as to an accurate depiction of general george custer 's life .
in `` they died with their boots on `` custer was depicted as being a friend to the helpless , native americans .
making promises to them thet would not have been practical at the time .
such things as saying that he would not white men to settle in the black hills .
when in reality they were at war .
the real custer probubly would have killed any native americans that they sited , spared no .
`` they died with their boots on `` was too comical for reality .
there were jokes and laughing where ever they could cram them in the movie .
for example : when he is sharing creamed onions with a general , they both go for the last one at the same time , and crack up laughing about it .
the movie was the joke .
the movie 's depiction of custer was too .
going into the battle of little big horn he acted as if he was taking one for the team by sacrificing himself and his men .
but in reality custer believed that he could win the battle of little big horn with his six hundred , against a force of about six thousand native americans .
in `` they died with their boots on `` custer 's last stand was like they fought to the last man .
when it is more likely that when custer 's men realized what they had gotten into decided to scatter like chickens with thier heads cut off .
and were pretty much slaughtered by the native americans quickly .
over all this movie sucked big time .
this movie gets a rating of one .

-1
this totally bland disney short starts out with an artist 's hand painting plants and flowers and such .
eventually , donald duck and a parrot named jose carioca are drawn .
jose spouts out a whole lotta portuguese while donald tries to figure out what he 's saying .
jose and donald samba on into town .
they visit a cafe and donald drinks something really hot .
the most interesting part is when jose smokes a cigar .
the burning question is ... why did disney allow this to remain , but they removed the cigar which goofy was smoking in the `` el gaucho goofy `` animated short ?
perhaps the world will never know .
1/10

-1
this is an awful film .
usually , the thin thread of a musical comedy plot links up with an astaire , a ginger , an eleanor powell , an alice faye .
this one , with a plot even more gossamer than most , leads to some excruciating exhibitions of non-talent .
the harmonica sequence and the parody ballroom dance performance are radically unfunny .
holden has nothing to do but be yanked like a puppet on the strings of dorothy 's sudden changes of mind .
she plays a profoundly self-interested performer who , of course , falls in love with the puppet .
the other women -- the raucous hutton and the over the top dailey play insulting stereotypes .
as , of course , the rest of the sailors are .
but some good sailor flicks do exist -- ` follow the fleet ' and ` on the town ' for example .
we do get to see helen o'connell , who towers over dorsey and eberly , and do , too briefly , hear jimmy on the clarinet .
he was one of the best clarinet players in an era that featured goodman , shaw , and barney .
at one point , jimmy 's band appears in a sudden pavilion on the street below dorothy 's .
how 'd they get there ?
at the end , the four couples are all in a taxi getting married .
how 'd they get there ?
the film , made before pearl harbor , was already an anachronism when it was released ( with holden believing that his enlistment was just about up just as his battle wagon heads for pearl ) .
robert osborne on tcm said that he 'd been trying for years to get the film on tcm .
never would have been too soon .

-1
easily the worst of the universal `` invisible `` series , this barely qualifies as horror .
mostly , it 's a lot of embarrassing buffoonery about winning the war that must have lowered morale in theaters all over allied territory .
`` you spy `` and `` i 'll never heil again `` look like lubitsch in comparison .

-1
this film was produced by producers releasing corp. ( prc ) , among the so-called `` poverty row `` film studios of the 1930s and 40s .
so you can imagine how little money was spent making it .
the music is forgettable .
cast member young does exhibit an voice , but is sort of a discount deanna durbin .
the imdb database does n't show any other film appearances for her , so let 's hope she was able to move on to some kind of position in grand opera .
the opening credits for the print recently broadcast by turner classic movies indicates this film has been preserved by the national film museum .
this immediately begs the question -- why ?
are their resources so plentiful that they can afford to preserve junk ?
some low-budget or b musicals of that era have redeeming features which make them worthwhile .
this film has none .
in my opinion , skip this movie .
it really wastes an hour of your time .

-1
i 'm a big fan of the `` mexican spitfire `` series , and thought that this entry would be a good `` haunted house comedy `` .
it is n't .
both lupe valez and mantan moreland are completely wasted in this film .
the only thing that saves it ( and not by much !
) is leon errol 's `` lord epping `` routine , but even that is much better in the other `` spitfire `` films .
do n't waste your time with this one .

-1
ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning .
it 's hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget .
i turned it off once , then got curious to see if it could get any worse .
it did .

-1
this film was just was just way to crazy for me .
i mean i do n't really know what i should expect some a screwball comedy but i just could not get into it at all .
a pretty gold digging air headed wife is at odds with her husband who is an inventor .
he lets her travel to florida to get a divorce .
while down there using her beauty , ingenuity , luck and appealing charms - live the ` good life ' in florida and gets money from a multi - millionaire to advance the good of her husband 's career .
the story is just like what ?
i just ca n't do it .
the only awarding thing from this movie was the weenie king who just gives her money because he likes her face .

-1
the characters from this are from the comic strip `` barney google and snuffy smith `` by billy .
and , like most films based on strips , this one is bad ... .
no , horrible is more like it !
in fact , it may just be the most horrible film of the 1940s .
yes , it 's that bad .
snuffy smith and his very stereotypical hick friends are the stars of this monstrosity .
while they might look and sound a lot like the original characters , this is not a plus .
they come off as grotesque and terribly offensive .
it 's hard to believe , but the folks make those from `` li'l abner `` seem like shakespearian actors by comparison .
lots of moonshine , hick humor and the like wears incredibly thin after only a few minutes .
in many ways , it is reminiscent in style to the 1980 horror `` popeye `` but , and i never thought i 'd ever say this , the horrible `` popeye `` is a better film .
`` private snuffy smith `` simply has horrible writing , horribly broad characters and not even a single entertaining moment in this rotten movie .
the only things of minor interest are seeing edgar kennedy and jimmy dodd ( later of `` the mickey mouse club `` fame ) , but they , too , are simply terrible .
the film is so bad that i can clearly understand how it was able to slip into the public domain !
no one would want to claim ownership over this mess .
even ed wood would have been ashamed to put his name on it !

-1
i 've been a huge our gang fan since childhood , and at 47 years of age , i still am .
some of their films are small masterpieces of comedy .
but by 1943 when this short was cranked out , all the elements that made the series a success had long been abandoned .
more than just embarrassingly unfunny , this short is sad to watch .
making wartime sacrifices is n't a humorous subject to begin with , and throwing in uninspired writing and dreadfully delivered dialog from the kids is just sickening to watch .
it 's hard to fathom why the powers at mgm would allow this classic series to degenerate into trash like this !
you ca n't even classify this in the `` it 's so bad it 's good `` category !
this is again , nothing but sad .

-1
i did n't expect much from this , and my expectations were met brutally : it seemed to be five hours long .
the `` mystery `` is easily solved a good hour or more before the actual revelation , and mainly nothing happens unless you really enjoy watching creighton rub his kneecaps as a sign of `` inner turmoil . ``
really quite awful ... i 've seen a number of these `` inner sanctum `` stories , and this is easily among the worst , although few of them are exemplary .
the radio show also had rather plodding story lines , but that medium 's reliance on sound made that show a a stand-out in merely technical terms .
on-screen however , it is difficult to comprehend how such badly-written tales could be watchable , even if the main actor was n't lon chaney jr. .
he is so bad in this film that even the usually moribund j. carroll naish appears forceful beside him .
a good way to ruin an evening .

-1
one of the most creaky , clumsy , talky horror films of the forties .
it talks and talks with pregnant pauses and one of worst acting performances by a lead ever seen on the screen .
this nedrick young ( the love interest ) behaves like one of the walking dead .
george zucco is more odd looking than talented and is just about as stiff in all of his roles but here we get two for one .
you know you are in trouble when virtually the only thing remotely interesting on screen is the hunchback , dwight frye who was also the original renfield in dracula ( 1931 ) and fritz in the original frankenstein ( 1932 ) .
these other films are included in this review just because this is such an empty , slow , inept , and stuffy entry in the low budget lexicon of horror , that there is not much else to say .
except , the current prints available are so shoddy and the audio and visuals are so muddy that it makes it even more painful to watch than need be .
even with a pristine print it would be lifeless .

-1
it seems that frank capra was too busy when this movie was made back in 1943 otherwise this could have been a nice propaganda movie .
of course , goal of such films was to recruit american soldiers and give them motives to fight on other continents which had not been the american practice until that time .
capra was a grandmaster making gems as `` why we fight `` serial of propaganda movies ( from where goebbels could learn a lesson ) and everything else made during that time was mostly a second class support but apparently very welcomed .
this movie is one of these , among the worst i have seen .
first of all , general rommel is presented as a clown in this movie .
man who played with whole ally armies with outnumbered german army , outdated tanks ( among them italian tanks as well ) and no logistics .
one of the greatest generals in history of world wars is presented as a thug and moron .
person who made ally army commanders look ridiculous was outwitted by a british corporal .
well , do you need to hear anything else ?
ok .
highly decorated german officer and war hero is a haughty lovelace and sneaky hoodlum who takes advantage of a woman in greatest pain .
list of stupidity never ends in this semi-retarded american propaganda movie whose roots of banality are visible in today movies of that kind made in hollywood .

-1
sad to see the larry talbot character resurrected in such a ridiculous fashion .
this gets `` frankenstein meets the wolf man `` off to a bad start , although the production certainly looks better , more expensive than `` the wolf man `` .
patric knowles returns , but in a different role ( which leads to some confusion ) ; maria ouspenskaya is also back as the gravely serious gypsy , though she has n't much to do .
poor lon chaney ( jr. ) has to sweat this whole thing out again and , although the transformation scenes are much better this time , the flimsy plot is a house of cards .
leading up to the battle between the monsters , the filmmakers waste time on hoary details and fancy talk .
and what about bela lugosi as the frankenstein monster ?
eesh !
calling ed wood ... * from ****

-1
`` heaven can wait `` is a crushing bore and a candy-coated , misogynist lie .
i ca n't imagine anyone but film students sitting through it today .
don ameche is in almost every scene , and , while he has a mellifluous voice that no doubt contributed to his successful career in radio , he does n't have the charisma to carry this film .
ameche plays henry , a womanizer .
lubitsch wants to make henry 's sexual incontinence adorable and amusing , and so he directs ameche to play the part as blandly as possible .
the combination of ameche 's lack of charisma and lubitsch 's insistence on blandness results in a lead character who is both deadly dull and completely icky .
you would n't want to spend any time with this man ; he 'd put you to sleep .
you would n't leave him alone with your daughter , no matter her age .
something creepy would happen .
the movie 's look is quite boring .
scene after scene consists of static , overly lighted , shots of fastidiously dressed gilded age stuffed shirts and bustles lounging in excessively busy , victorian parlors .
there 's so many ruffles and frills and , so much lilac and sky blue and pink , you need dramamine .
this movie hates women as much as hardcore porn , but it presents that hatred with a candy coating and a sweet little bow on top .
the contrast between the content of the message and its delivery is sickening .
in one of the movie 's most hateful scenes , an elderly woman is sent to hell because she 's not physically attractive .

-1
one of humanity 's greatest miracles : a miracle that the world heeded an 1858 french peasant nutjob , bernadette soubirous , who claimed to have seen 18 `` visions `` of virgin mary near lourdes ; a miracle that people still fall for the fantasy of a virgin giving birth ; a miracle that the catholic church ( which gained its precedence through murder , bloodshed and terrorism ) could somehow be regarded as `` holy `` ... the song of bernadette is such an aggregate of fractured fairy tales , it 's a miracle that humans ever developed the technology to land on the moon .
bernadette ( jennifer jones , in eternal soft-focus -- cos she 's `` blessed , `` see ) causes such a stir in the french town of lourdes , behaving as erratically as any mental patient ( claiming visions , hearing voices , piling mud on her face , digging in the dirt , fainting ) , that a church is founded on the site .
as with all great religions , enough lunacy will guarantee tax impunity .
( the gambit .
works every time .
) the clergy and all dissent at first , but eventually come around to the `` right `` choice -- stupidity .
the vortex of lunacy is so strong that even legends lee j. cobb and vincent price get pulled into the kookiness .
this movie would not be so wretchedly dangerous were it not for inculcated -- like my idiot parents -- regarding it as factual history .
as far as the delusional pumpkins of the world are concerned , this is a reality show .
i hesitate to pump over-used adjectives like `` pious , `` devout `` or even `` religious , `` as this movie is about as pious , devout and religious as star wars , i.e . a wild fantasy .
, it was made by twentieth century fox , a * movie company * intent on getting your into a darkened seat and selling your soul to their consumerism devil .
it is not praising christianity or miracles .
although one could never tell with the movie 's mawkish bent .
from the franz werfel novel of the same name , director henry king and screenwriter george seaton ( to retain nominal street cred ) adopt the skeptic 's stance and are careful that bernadette never actually claims to see `` virgin mary `` but `` a beautiful lady , `` which is like saying george w. bush never actually said iraq was an `` imminent `` threat so he ca n't be prosecuted for murder for taking the country to war under false pretenses - but we know how the tap-dance skewed the message to mean `` imminent `` without actually saying it .
so too -- if ten-thousand people are saying `` hey , it 's virgin mary ! ``
and bernadette never denies it , we * know * what she is saying , film-makers .
we know what you are saying , film-makers .
you are saying that `` miracles `` -- no matter how heatedly your film characters denounce them -- are real .
idiotic sirs , miracles -- by their definition -- are not real .
and miracles do not just happen , to peasants or `` `` alike .
but hallucinations do .
and you do n't have to do mind-bending drugs or plonk little boys to have them .
it 's how the human brain is imperfectly constructed .
it 's why cancer genes `` turn on `` suddenly ; it 's the reason for `` `` rages and depressions ; it 's `` daydreaming `` and `` nightmares `` and `` ufo sightings `` and `` claiming the burglar had red pants `` when he had blue ... .
you do n't need `` faith `` to believe in miracles -- you need a whole lotta suspension of disbelief , and the film-makers are that miracles are real in the most dangerous medium possible , because suspension of disbelief is what moviegoers are made of .
and not just any harmless miracle .
this `` miracle `` turned the nondescript vicinity of lourdes into a site where the sick could have their infirmities cured , by bathing in the water of a spring that issues from the grotto where the mother of the crucified jew supposedly appeared .
can anyone truly measure the amount of torment and loss `` believers `` have endured for such insanity ?
the grandest joke of all is that the real life town , after initial recalcitrance ( due to inculcated fears over being struck down for disrespect , no doubt ) , realized the tourist dollar far outweighed any punishment the evil christian god could visit on them for blasphemy and embraced the farcical charade , raking in billions for the town .
which , we realize , is what true christianity is all about -- the cash .
einstein said : `` only two things are infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and i 'm not sure about the universe . ``
the grotto supposedly cures the sick -- delusional pumpkins still believe this fakery even though they leave lourdes with the same limps and the same cancers they brought with them ; if the grotto would cure people of their boundless stupidity -- that would be a real miracle ...

-1
this movie is an insipidly boring piece of uninspired religious propaganda .
while the film somehow made sense during 1940s wartime , it makes no sense now .
the story is insanely corny , and serves only as a vehicle for blindingly obvious , trite moral parables .
i had to struggle to keep from falling asleep during this one .

-1
during world war ii , `` bring 'em back alive `` hunter frank buck ( as frank buck ) battles nazi and japanese warriors , in the jungles of asia ; he also encounters native superstition .
several of mr. buck 's wild animal friends are on caged display .
some of the wild animals are n't so friendly - in fact , they 're downright deadly !
tigers , mainly .
duncan renaldo ( as pete jeremy ) helps buck out , as the allies ' rubber trade supply is threatened .
pretty june duprez ( as linda ) adds femininity to the cast ; she knows how to scream , when threatened .
rotund villain dan seymour ( as henry ) shoots an elephant in his suspenders .
...

-1
this film is fun ; it has some fine performances ( i especially like frederic march 's lecture scenes ) and a great max steiner score .
however , a faithful biography of mark twain it is not .
apart from the fact that the script twists and distorts events in mark twain 's life nearly out of recognition , it presents a false portrayal of him as a sentimental sap suffering from arrested development who probably would n't have written a word without his wife 's persistent prodding .
some examples of egregious distortions of fact : * mark twain did not go west to get rich so he could marry livy clemens ( he never even heard of her until after leaving the west ) * his jumping frog story did not alleviate the nation 's pains during the civil war ( it was n't published until after the war ended ) * he did n't leave nevada to fight for the confederacy when the war started ( he went to nevada partly to get away from the war after it started ) * publishing u. s. grant 's memoirs did n't cause his bankruptcy ( that publication was a huge success ; his bankruptcy came 7 years later ) * when he went on his round-the-world lecture tour , he did n't leave his wife behind not knowing she was gravely ill ( she and a daughter went with him ; her health was fine at that time ) * his wife did n't make him promise to go to england to accept an oxford degree ( she died three years before he got the invitation ) according a friend of mark twain 's daughter , clara clemens , clara was not allowed to set foot on the film 's sets while it was being made , for fear she would confuse the cast and crew with the truth .
for a more detailed dissection of the film , see my book , mark twain a to z , which compares the episodes of the film with the real events in mark twain 's life .
and for a film that presents a more honest portrait of mark twain , see the 1985 claymation feature of the same title : the adventures of mark twain .
meanwhile , there is a simple test you can make while watching the film : prepare a list of mark twain 's books in the order in which they were published .
as you watch the film , pay attention each scene mentioning a new mark twain book , give it a sequential number , and write that number next to the title in your list .
when the film is over , compare your numbers to the sequence in which mark twain actually wrote the books .
if you want to make the test even more fun , try keeping track of the years in which the books appear in the film .
what you 'll end up with is a hopeless mishmash , leaving you uncertain whether the film follows mark twain 's life forward or backward .
is it necessary for a film biography to get all all its facts correct ?
probably not .
but is it excusable for a film get almost all its facts wrong ?
trivia note : an early scene shows the bedroom in which mark twain was born .
study the size of the room carefully .
then , when the film cuts to an outside view of the house ( which looks authentic , by the way ) , ask yourself if it 's physically possible for the bedroom to fit inside that house -- even if it 's the only room in the house .
you can apply the same test to the steamboat in which mark twain later appears : is it possible that the steamboat you see is big enough to contain the gaming room in which mark twain first appears ?
as i said , it 's a fun movie in many ways ... but do n't make the mistake of thinking that it has much to do with mark twain .

-1
i stumbled upon this film while surfing tcm in the wee hours of the morning .
all i can say is , they do n't make movies like this anymore , thank goodness .
the acting is wooden , the sentimentality overwhelming and inappropriate to its main subject and the stereotypes embarrassing .
though not familiar with many of the details of twain 's life , those with which i was familiar are often portrayed inaccurately here .
no one acquits him or herself particularly well here and period constraints ( when the movie was made rather than the historical period ) are insufficient reason to excuse the liberties taken .

-1
those people who go on about political correctness gone mad will highlight this film as something very mildly offensive that has been denied to the general public by self appointed censors .
angel puss is offensive , appalling and racist .
it makes me weep that chuck jones was involved in making this , an oscar winning legend in the world of animation .
i shudder to think what views he had of black people during the 1940s !
the tale is of a young , lazy , dumb black boy called sambo who plays up to the stereotype and who has been told by his boss to drown a cat .
yes a children 's cartoon where you have have been forced to drown a cat .
however the cat is no innocent and at one point whites himself up .
mel blanc ( white in french ) should also be singled out for his voice work that plays with the stereotypical nature of the characters .
there are good reasons why this cartoon are part of eleven that warner brothers have withdrawn .
no normal child would want to watch this in this day and age .

-1
well , it took until i watched the 10th of the warner bros. `` censored 11 `` cartoons , but angel puss is the most appalling of them .
and the most shocking thing about this is the fact that chuck one who usually made some of the most clever shorts ever and had some of the most cute ones in his behind it .
the awful premise is that sambo ( yes , jones used the stereotypical black boy name here ) has to drown a cat for his boss or he has to forfeit his `` four bits `` .
but that 's not the really bad thing here .
it 's the fact that the cat is actually behind him telling him to do this and sambo is way too dumb to when the cat later paints himself white with results in a wild goose chase that lasts throughout the short .
add in the atrocious voice and characterization ( i wonder if mel blanc ever held himself in shame over this ) , and you 've got the worst cartoon i 've seen yet from warner bros. .
the only positive thing i can say is that sambo 's singing of `` ' bread `` is n't too bad .

-1
while purchasing another deanna durbin movie on dvd at amazon , i saw this title and it peaked my curiosity .
i wondered why , with two such great stars as gene kelly and deanna durbin , i had never heard of this movie before .
so i ordered it ... i watched it ... and now i know why i 've never heard of it before .
it is terrible .
it is the worst performance ever , in the careers of both gene and deanna .
and , as other reviewers have said , it has absolutely nothing to do with christmas ... nor is it a musical .
gene does n't dance a single step , and the only time deanna sings is when she is expressing undying passionate love for this vicious , psychopathic murderer she is married to .
in the opening scene , we are introduced to two military men having a conversation about the upcoming nuptials of one of them .
we grow to like these two men , and i felt cheated , because one of them we never see again , and the other , the engaged one , merely serves for the rest of the movie as a body for deanna to tell her story to .
in this scene we learn that he is taking military leave to visit his fiancã© , when he receives a `` dear john `` letter saying she has married someone else .
he is devastated , and plans to go back home anyway to confront her .
due to bad weather , the plan has to stop in new orleans , where he meets deanna in a sleazy night club .
the proprietor is the enchanting gladys george .
deanna tells him ( and us ) how she met gene ... they were sitting next to each other at a symphony concert .
she was captivated by his shy , `` aw shucks `` demeanor .
they married and moved in with his very strange mother , played by gale sondergard , who horror movie fans will know very well .
gene and gale are the creepiest mother & son team since sante and kenneth .
the are blissfully married for 6 months .
all of a sudden , he starts displaying signs of criminal behavior , and starts abusing deanna ... but still she stands by him !
before you know it , the police come looking for him , and he is on trial for murder .
deanna and mom sit together in the courtroom , and when the guilty verdict is read , mom turns to deanna , slaps her in the face and declares her responsible for sonny going to jail .
needless to say , she kicks her out of the house .
now deanna has to find work , so she gets a job singing at gladys george 's sleazy nightclub .
eventually , gene escapes from prison and hides out in the nightclub to kill deanna , because he assumes since she 's working there , that she must be sleeping with all the patrons .
the unbelievable part of this plot , is that when she sees him hiding in the back room , she runs to him with open arms , ready to run off with him !
i really hate to make you watch this to find out the ending , but we 're not allowed to give `` spoilers `` ... you know , i always believed that even the greatest of stars made some clinkers in their careers that we never see ... and this film is proof !

-1
if they had one this same movie with caucasian actors in black face , people would be marching around hollywood with picket signs .
i guess , however , it was appropriate to use white actors because no asian actors could be found .
i guess this is today 's equivalent of pretending that all egyptians were actually negroes .
it seems as if hollywood was/is afraid of offending only certain groups .
i wonder why ?
it was so distracting to see the caucasian 's makeup and wonder how anyone in their right mind hoped to pass this off as authentic , made one miss most of the plot .

-1
as an teacher , i understand why this film was so horrible .
black americans were usually not allowed in white theaters in the us and many of the hollywood films never made it to black theaters .
in addition , black audiences did n't want to see films where there were either no blacks or the only ones you did see were the sad stereotypical images -- maids , butlers or the lazy stepin fetchit types .
so i do understand why films like `` go down , death ! ``
was made .
i also know that there just was n't much economic power in the community -- so they could n't afford to make big budget films .
however , even in this context , you ca n't objectively say this is a good film .
in other words , you may understand why it 's so bad , but it 's still very bad .
cringe-inducing bad , in fact .
the story is a very , very non-subtle religious film -- sort of like a tyler perry film but with horrible production values .
i like the idea of combining the strong religious values of the black community with a contemporary story .
it 's just that the film is terrible ... even for a 1940s film .
the story is about a disreputable gambler who has set out to destroy the preacher .
his plan appears to be working -- until it backfires and results in god 's judgment on this wicked man .
here are a few reasons i disliked it : 1 .
at least 1/3 to 1/2 of the movie consists of the preacher preaching and the choir singing .
this killed the film dramatically .
it should have been much shorter -- because the way it dominated the film ruined the drama .
2 .
the acting quite bad -- even for spencer williams -- who usually was a lot better .
i 've seen him in several other films of the day ( before he gained fame playing andy on `` amos 'n andy `` and he was good .
here , he is n't believable ... and considering he also directed the film , he has no one else to blame .
3 .
the entire story is obvious and amateurish .
the writing seems very , very poor and the dialog is bad .
yet , despite it being a terrible film in almost every way , i do n't say it has no value .
as a record of the black american experience of the era , it 's invaluable .
but , as entertainment , it 's awful .

-1
for years i 've been wondering what ever happened to this .
now i realize that it must have been a terrible embarrassment to everybody involved .
how did such a hoary plot even get to be a broadway play , and a long running one too ?
if you think about it , watching this fiasco might conceivably awaken in someone the inspiration for all about eve - but what a giant leap that was !
anyhow , what the two films do have in common are anne baxter and liebestraum ... which brings me to the musical score , one of the worst i 've ever heard .
i did n't notice the composer 's name ; maybe he threatened to sue if they credited him .
donald kane

-1
color was beautiful , coleman a delight and thats it .
i never watched a more ridiculous dance routine that dietrich displayed .
all she did was prancing around in so-called seductive poses , rather than actually dance , exhibiting what was then called hollywood 's best looking gams .
sorry , betty grable was still the queen of the legs department .
btw , i was sort of shocked , if that is the right word , where at the beginning of the credits , it said starring ronald coleman in kismet , with marlene dietrich .
she did n't even get co-star billing , and the role was not a cameo .
the chorus girls had definitely better movements than she .
of course they are professional dancers .
.
not marlene .

-1
the english films of this time - with a few exceptions - are stunningly awful , as this relic reminds us .
packed with derivations from films that were n't any good in the first place ( dangerous moonlight , beethoven 's greatest love ) we get the romance of classical pianist ( would n't you know ) margaret lockwood , who is not quite as awful as she would be in her post war efforts , and soon to be blind ( he practices walking in mine shafts !
) stewart granger , which inspires her to go riding in pony carts singing traditional numbers then pushed by the radio and composing the cornish rhapsody , in which she the sound of sea gulls and breaking waves .
never convincing and never throwing up appealing fantasies , this twaddle just offers a complacency which disturbs in its historical context .
despite it 's attempts at high gloss , it 's also remarkably drab .

-1
this movie had great actors but the subject matter really bothered me .
it is an old movie so i was shocked it showcased a young lady from a good family getting `` into trouble `` and becoming pregnant and needing a husband to `` save her . ``
yes she was married on a whim to a man she did n't even remember , but she had to drag an innocent man into the situation to marry her and give her babies a name .
there are enough people in the world without morals in the world and i hate seeing it showcased in the guise of an innocent sweet movie .
i 'm sorry i saw it .
perhaps those of you that are n't bothered by this sort of thing may enjoy it but i will not watch it again .

-1
at a bloated 143 minutes , there 's no way this ambitious musical from mgm can hold together .
gorgeous color photography only shows up the cheap sets and rear projection used for this sound stage-bound film .
frank sinatra ( playing the dope again ) and gene kelly ( he ca n't act ) play two sailors on leave who get saddled with a runaway kid ( dean stockwell ) and his aunt susie ( kathryn grayson in a cloying performance ) .
they get suckered into trying to get her an audition with jose iturbi at mgm .
along the way kelly falls for grayson and sinatra gets stuck with a stiff from brooklyn ( pamela britton is a lousy performance ) .
maybe an ok story for the time , but the film is way too long and wanders all over the place , including several dance solos for kelly and the famous cartoon sequence .
sinatra sings a few songs , grayson squeals a few more , and iturbi play piano .
co-stars in small roles include billy gilbert , henry o'neill , henry armetta , edgar kennedy , rags ragland , , sharon mcmanus , and the always annoying grady sutton .
the boys are such jerks , it 's hard to warm up to them , and grayson is all sugar and light to the point of nausea , and then she sings and sings and sings .
iturbi probably comes off best , and his hollywood bowl sequence is indeed excellent .
most annoying of all is pamela britton with her hideous attempt at a brooklyn accent .
mgm could n't find an actress who could do the accent ?
!
at one point , grayson is sitting in a theater next to 2 old ladies .
in the next cut the second old lady ( who looks like mae marsh ) is a completely different woman .
this one ridiculously won oscar nominations for best film and for gene kelly as best actors .
!

-1
this was one of the most irritating movies i have seen in a long time .
there are so many reasons why .
but first let me state that i saw this in a film class and was not appreciative at all .
it was for a women 's film studies week .
second , i like some classics ( including gone with the wind ) , but not this one .
third , i like voice-over movies , if it is well done .
where to start ?
first the plot .
do n't try to stop me if you have heard this one .
married woman goes to town during day .
woman meets stranger .
they go to pictures .
they meet every week and fall in love .
she turns him away .
the end .
this is a very stereotypical chick flick .
second , the voice over .
my god , this was the worst voice-over i have ever heard .
it had more presence and was more meticulous to detail than the voice-over in stanley kubrick 's `` the killing . ``
any movie where the voice-over states in quick , matter-of-fact monotones `` i was rather hot .
so i sat down . ``
as we get a picture of the speaker sitting down at a bench is bad in my book .
plus it is serious about it .
for the most part it is like reading a book , only with no personality .
quick , no change in tone , except when imagining she is addressing her husband , and with a british ( maybe i am wrong , but foreign ) accent .
i wanted to yank her voicebox out by the end of the first twenty minutes .
third , overly melodramatic .
i mean this was a , type of story .
and it belittled me by not letting me feel this for myself , but my trying to me my emotions .
i can have my own feelings thank you .
either way , skip this movie .
it is one of the worst of the bunch .
if you want a good voice-over movie see `` election `` ( four voice-overs ) or `` the opposite of sex `` ( the voice over loses itself ) or `` the killing `` ( it knows that it is almost mocking ) .
1/10

-1
before seeing the film , i 'd read some comments about the two main characters being in love , but being unable to do anything as they 're married and middle-class in 1940 's england .
however , rather than being an outdated film , the situation they allow themselves to fall into is exactly the same today , and , for people around that class level , the morals and constraints are exactly the same .
i found the two main characters very unsympathetic , selfish , and weak-minded , and found the prostitution of using rachmaninov 's concerto totally inappropriate , from the moral and musical point of view .
the only interest in the film is sociological and seeing how life was in britain in the 1940 's .
i know the film is much-loved , but i found it rather immoral .
their problem is resolved , not by a return to moral conscientiousness , but by a need to emigrate .
and dr. alec harvey ca n't be much of a doctor either , judging by the number of cigarettes he smokes .

-1
i must be the only person in the universe who truly hated this film .
the plot line ( such as it was ) was totally unbelievable , the accents go on my nerves and the woman needed a kick up the proverbial ... i can only imagine , since so many people loved it that it must have had some relevance at the time ? ? ?

-1
this an undynamic movie filled with trivial moments , but it 's dramatically trivial also .
a trivial heroine meets a trivial someone ( trivially , on her commute ) , is given carte blanche to see him by a husband portrayed as a hopeless dolt .
most of their affair occurs in a train waiting room , where their last moments together are interrupted by the trivial matters of a trivial acquaintance .
she confesses the affair to the dolt who regards it trivially , & instantly takes her back .
we are intended to value that ; so much for conflict .
the two lovers are ordinary dullards and extraordinarily unspecific .
i find it disturbing that fans describe what we see as ` passion . '
they have the dictionary definition of an affair , nothing more .
the movie has been completely scrubbed of any unique details .
the stakes are low .
to hear anyone call it england 's answer to casablanca is horrifying .
casablanca has much more finely drawn characters , in an infinitely more plot .
more importantly casablanca has a structure .
this does not .
i was making my own impositions on the material as i watched .
as howard rowed her out in a boat , i had already rejected this as a romance and had jumped to `` `` movie imposing , `` ... this is where he turns out to be psychotic , takes an oar and brains her ... he 's actually an ingenious killer who chose her as his next victim because she 's such a dullard . ``
what can i say ?
i was ready for any form of complication .
the narration is extremely mundane .
it 's like some sort of unworldly completest wrote it . ``
... and then i blew my nose and disposed of the tissue ! ``
is only slightly more uninteresting than the actions she notes .
our heroine remarks that an associate has an ugly hat , while wearing quite an unflattering cap for the whole movie .
actors range from the merely average in looks to the quite homely .
alec ( trevor howard ) is about as attractive as james woods , but to laura , he represents a fantasy figure .
i got more out of this by seeing it as a fantasy of escape from the suffocating bourgeois structure that trained her to be uptight , and to imagine herself a suitable heroine for a love story .
but she lacks the imagination for any , rebellion .
not being part of the british class system , i lack any larger social codex to detect the merit in this .

-1
in 1953 , alec guinness starred in an hilarious movie called `` the captain 's paradise `` .
guinness played the bigamous captain of a ferry that plied back and forth across the straits of gibraltar ... bigamous , because guinness 's captain had a wife at each end of his ferry route , with neither wife suspecting the other 's existence .
in 1958 , `` the captain 's paradise `` became a flop broadway musical renamed `` oh !
captain ! ``
, starring tony randall in the title role .
( i have difficulty imagining tony randall as a man with two wives .
) amazingly , the 1945 movie ` don juan quilligan ' did this idea first ... and worst , because this movie is much less funny than the guinness version .
having read the book and lyrics of `` oh !
captain ! ``
, i 'm prepared to state that the broadway musical flop ( which i never saw ) was probably funnier than this movie too .
the title role in ` don juan quilligan ' is played by william bendix , an actor who has frequently dazzled me with his comedy performances .
bendix 's set-piece routine with a revolver in ' a connecticut yankee ' ( 1949 ) is one of the funniest scenes ever filmed , full stop .
working opposite abbott and costello in ` who done it ? '
( 1942 ) , bendix upstaged bud and lou so uproariously that costello refused ever to work with bendix again .
when i learnt that ` don juan quilligan ' starred bill bendix , i was all set to laugh myself into .
i 'm still waiting .
as chester a. riley would say : ` dis movie ai n't funny , peg . '
bendix ( who was raised in manhattan but had a fine career as hollywood 's quintessential brooklynite ) plays a brooklyn seaman who captains a scow that runs between flatbush and .
as in `` the captain 's paradise `` , he has a wife in each of his two ports .
and the difference between the two wives in that film is exactly the same as the difference between the two wives in this film : quilligan has one wife who 's a cosy domestic homemaker ( mary treen ) , and one wife who 's a hot mama ( joan blondell ) .
well , there is one difference : the wives in `` the captain 's paradise `` were a blonde and a brunette .
in this movie , they 're both blondes .
part of the problem with `` quilligan `` is that blondell 's character is supposed to be sexy and vivacious .
i 've always found blondell cheap and vulgar in all her roles , and that goes double here .
mary treen was an underrated actress ( she was quietly splendid in her small role as james stewart 's cousin and workmate in ` it 's a wonderful life ' ) , and i 'm annoyed that the script and direction of ` quilligan ' have treen 's character playing very much a second fiddle to blondell 's .
i wanted bendix to shove blondell over the starboard fo ` c ` and sail off into the sunset with mary treen .
instead , we get a stupid plot in which bigamous bendix accidentally enlists in the army and the navy , and then he gets arrested for murder .
no , wait , this is brooklyn : he gets arrested .
i usually enjoy comedy based on brooklyn stereotypes , but this movie relies heavily on ` ' accents and references to brooklyn geography , with very little actual humour .
some genuine humour is supplied by phil silvers as bendix 's first mate aboard the scow .
( with a plotline like this , i hesitate to use a term like ` first mate ' .
) but silvers 's laughs are few and far between , and that 's the fault of the script and the direction .
this movie is directed by frank tuttle , who made a couple of good movies and one brilliant movie ( ` puritan passions ' ) but who for most of his career was a lacklustre hack .
gravel-voiced b.s . pulley is prominently featured in this movie .
pulley ( in real life a borderline criminal and all-round broadway character ) was one of those `` naturals `` who was very funny when he simply played himself and did n't make any attempts to `` act `` .
unfortunately , pulley had delusions of being a thespian , and directors often had to struggle to prevent him from `` performing `` his roles instead of simply doing them .
tuttle does n't make that effort , so pulley is awful here .
almost as bad is byron foulger , whom i 've found painfully unfunny in every film role i 've ever seen him in .
except for silvers and treen , almost everyone in this film is awful , including the usually reliable bendix .
what a disappointment .
i rate this garbage scow 1 point out of 10 .
i 'll da bum !

-1
robert young , a forgettable film actor , plays rich guy oliver , a wounded war veteran who returns to the family country cottage to hide his perceived hideous physical deformity from the world .
and what 's so horrifying about his barely scarred face and limp arm is really not enough to alienate him irrevocably from the society of fellow human beings .
dorothy mcguire , not a particularly interesting actress , is laura the young servant girl , suffering from crippling shyness and social awkwardness -- and a total lack of familiarity with the practice of grooming and use of cosmetic products .
she 's not ugly but -- horrors -- just commonly `` plain . ``
hollywood , here in essence is defining female beauty for the american population , circa 1945 .
within the walls of this cottage , so village lore has it , the auras of past great loves and romances cast an enchantment over those who dwell there .
the spell permeates the two characters , laura and oliver , -- and `` ! ``
-- they fall in love with each other .
they are now both beautiful but only in each other 's eyes .
to the rest of the world they still present their two repugnant selves .
the filmmakers would want you to believe in the `` magic `` of this relationship .
yet this movie , which illustrates a naã¯ve sensibility about the power of love , is so lacking in charm , so lacking in even minimal credibility that the viewer ca n't even suspend disbelief sufficiently enough to enjoy it as a fairy tale .
this movie 's over-arching offense lies in its portrayal of the disabled as individuals segregated from mainstream society , recipients of pity doomed to acceptance only by others like themselves .
such thinking was a cultural norm years ago ; today such a mindset is an anachronism in a more enlightened era .
this movie is so poorly conceived , its actors so un-engaging that i 'm stretching it by rating it as a 1 .

-1
do n't get me wrong , i , personally , have admired chuck jones and his cartoons have been a major influence on me ... but i hated this one ! ! !
is it just me or was the whole message of this cartoon very negative and pessimistic .
just the fact that the one character you hate in this cartoon gets his way while the `` hero `` gets slapped around up until the end of the cartoon .
i have to change the channel whenever this one comes on .

-1
i 'm a big rosalind russell fan and have seen most of her films , but this is the weakest .
lee bowman is a decent actor , but the character he plays is an annoying , intrusive stalker who should have been served with a restraining order before the half-way point in the movie .
after nearly an hour and a half of forcefully rejecting his irritating harassment , russell suddenly turns one hundred and eighty degrees and is in love .
it makes no sense .
this was an unfunny , uninvolving waste of talent , film , studio space , electricity , you name it , that even the great ms. russell could n't save .
she must have needed money very badly at the time .

-1
white pongo is n't an a movie .
it is n't even a b movie .
it falls more into the range of a movie , made on a shoe string by a minor film company .
it fails in just about every way a film can .
it 's not just that it 's cheap and openly racist ; it 's just plain boring !
the film follows an expedition to capture a rare white gorilla believed to be the missing link .
( why would the missing link have to be white ?
) in the process , the adventurers run into hostile natives , criminals , and the worst gorilla suit known to man .
( i know this was made before the time of jane goodall , but could n't they have come up with something vaguely realistic ?
) the film 's racism is very obvious , to the point that it verges on satire .
the lead black character is named mumbo-jumbo for crying out loud .
the africans are shown as savages who are automatically hostile to white people for no mind the fact that during the colonial era , they would have had every reason to distrust europeans .
however , what 's most damning is the boredom factor .
even though the movie is roughly seventy minutes long , it is filled with scenes of people just cruising down the river with canoes , with no accompanying action or dialogue .
it 's filler of the worst kind .

-1
i hated this movie !
it was one of the most painful , `` comedies `` i 've ever watched .
i normally like danny kaye , but this movie was like fingernails on a blackboard .
the story : nightclub comedian buzzy bellew ( danny kaye ) is murdered by gangsters after witnessing a murder committed by their boss , ten grand jackson ( steve cochran ) .
the spirit of buzzy contacts his twin brother , edwin pringle ( also played by kaye ) , a stuffy bookworm , and asks him to testify before the d.a . in buzzy 's place .
buzzy can possess edwin 's body when he wants to , and make him act like an idiot .
the situation causes all sorts of complications with edwin 's girlfriend ( virginia mayo ) and buzzy 's fiancã© ( vera-ellen ) .
the main problem is , danny kaye spends too much time trying to be funny by acting funny .
seeing someone act funny is not funny , unless the people around them are also funny .
( this is why the marx brothers were funny .
they were surrounded by stuffed shirts and pompous characters like margaret dumont .
you could see who the marx brothers were skewering with their humor .
) characters who act funny when normal characters are around are not funny !
they are just annoying !
take the scene where the spirit of buzzy possesses edwin for the first time .
they are in a park , and what does buzzy immediately do ?
he makes edwin jump around like a crazy man , in front of a cop !
an interesting tactic , since buzzy is supposedly counting on edwin to avenge his murder by testifying against a gangster .
you 'd think the last thing he 'd want edwin to do is end up in jail !
danny kaye is not funny in this scene !
he is trying to be funny by acting funny !
but of course , that just ends up being annoying and painful to watch !
( you wonder why the cop , who has a billy club , does n't just whack danny over the head and cart him off to the funny farm .
) from there on , buzzy possesses edwin only when he wants to -- not when edwin needs him to .
one of the most painful scenes in the movie comes when edwin is called to testify in the d.a . 's office about the murder that buzzy witnessed .
edwin sits there pleading out loud for buzzy to possess him , so he can tell the d.a . about the murder , while the d.a . and his men look on , bewildered .
does buzzy show up and possess edwin ?
of course not !
and edwin is humiliated .
later , we find out the reason why buzzy did n't show up .
he had a hangover from drinking too much champagne in a nightclub the previous night , while he was possessing edwin 's body .
would someone please explain this to me .
how in the name of jacob marley can a ghost get a hangover , or even get drunk , as buzzy does ?
kaye 's character has a grating habit of only things to people .
there 's a scene where edwin , on the run from gangsters , ducks into a delicatessen owned by s.k . .
`` the men in black are after me , `` edwin tells .
of course , thinks he 's crazy , and they go through this whole annoying scene of turning the lights in the deli shop on and off , which alerts the gangsters to their presence .
all edwin has to say in this scene is `` gangsters with guns are after me .
be quiet and keep the lights out or we 'll both get killed . ``
but that would be too easy , too logical a solution to the problem .
instead , they try to be funny , and end up being annoying again .
there are other annoying characters in the movie .
there is a gangster who wears a hearing aid .
he keeps asking people , `` what 'd you say ? ``
or `` what did she say ? ``
but according to his partner , the gangster is only pretending to be deaf and does n't really need the hearing aid .
why ?
why would a gangster pretend he needed a hearing aid ?
answer : it is just another way that the movie tries to get cheap laughs but does n't .
the oscar-winning special effects are good for their time , but lend nothing to the story .
there is one good thing in this movie .
vera-ellen does a tap dance number with the goldwyn girls that is amazing to watch .
vera-ellen was an incredible dancer , and it 's too bad she did n't achieve greater stardom in her career .
except for the vera-ellen dance number , i would skip this movie , unless you like having your nerves twisted watching people who are not funny trying to be funny .

-1
scott plays a marshal in a town thats being over ran by both farmers and cattlemen .
the farmers wan na settle down and build a life and the cattle ranchers just wan na use the land for their cows to roam on .
the town becomes one big feud and the marshal is right in the middle trying to keep peace , even though most wan na leave it alone , including county officials .
i am a huge fan of spaghetti westerns and even some of john fords work , but these older american westerns with their happy go lucky good guy heroes have never been my thing .
it 's pretty basic and the acting is okay , i liked some of the bad guys best .
lloyd bridges is always good and it was nice to see him in an older movie .
the actresses in these old movies are so dramatic and are so difficult to watch .
this movie had a bit of a comedy side and that made it more appealing .
this movie had some laughs , some good fist fights and good actors ( except the women ) , but it could n't please me in the slightest .
i would suggest it to people who like older westerns , but no one else .
1/10

-1
my wife and i went to see this at a special showing at the university where i was a professor .
dana andrews , before being diagnosed with alzheimer 's , came to give a little talk before the showing .
all i can say is the movie stank big time .
it 's the kind of movie about which people say , `` they do n't make them like that anymore , `` to which i say , `` thank god . ``
we found it terminally slow , unbelievable , and poorly acted .
need i say more ?

-1
i have seen two old movies yesterday but this one was rubbish .
it is so rubbish that you may find it impossible to concentrate .
movies should n't be like this .
it does n't even have a plot .
this movie is all about a man looking for a missing girl .
he sweats a lot in a disgusting way .
he speaks with a whiny voice too .
i just hated him .
then all sorts of weird things start happening and i did n't know what was going on !
it was like a calamity had occurred in my brain .
i just got a headache watching this film .
it is so rubbish .
if they had taken out all the weird stuff and had a different actor to play the so-called hero it would have been better .

-1
as a bogart fan , i was happy tcm presented it .
i taped it , sat down last night to view and could take no more than 45 minutes of it .
good heavens , what a bomb .
the plot ?
beats me and even if i were able to follow it , there 's so much extraneous nonsense tossed in , who cares ?
oh sure ... the steam between bogart and bacall was certainly percolating ; the film noir was `` `` and howard was certainly hawking but ... but ... who could stand such a hodgepodge of celluloid .
bogart fans ... this one 's really really baaaad .
i wondered how movie fans in 1946 took to it ?
how many theater managers were besieged with `` please refund my money `` requests ?
i 'll bet that somewhere along the way when bogart was interviewed about this specific picture he told it like it was ... `` i did it for the money and that 's all . ``
this had to be the worst bogart film of all time , bar none .

-1
this is one of the most fatuously overrated film noirs ever .
a casino owner in south america , george macready , and his greasy-haired monotonous right-hand man , glenn ford , are both ugly , yet obviously enjoy homoerotic feelings for one another .
to turn this creaky vehicle into a menage a trois , rita hayworth , stumbles aboard .
she shows lanky , coarse , and as much a as marilyn monroe .
the best character by far in the flick is a toilet attendant .
it is hard to tell which proves more ludicrous ... the actors , the pretend hard-boiled dialogue , the sophomoric plot , or the soap-opera ending .

-1
count me among the proud minority who think this movie is drek .
i love old movies .
and i like jimmy stewart a whole lot .
but this thing is just awful .
and the fact that we are barraged incessantly with it , and that people rush to gush over it , just makes it all the more unbearable .
my big problem with the whole thing is that i vociferously * reject * the movie 's main premise , the moral premise that it is somehow good and right and wonderful to live only for others .
george bailey is a * doormat * ; he never pursues the life he really wants , instead suppressing his desires in order to serve every other yahoo in town .
he 's a fool , and the only ending i would consider truly happy for him would be if he were to decide to close his pitiful , practically non-profit business , and go off and make something of his life .
i 'm sorry , but having a lot of people be grateful to you for being a willing doormat is just not making something of your life .
i 'm sorry , i just ca n't like a movie that takes altruism so far as to say that the only value of your life is how you helped others .

-1
of all the male stars of hollywood 's ` classic ' era , james stewart was the hammiest .
he almost always shouts when a whisper would do ; instead of striking an impressive pose , he 's always squirming about , arms flailing .
he 's the melodramatic version of jerry lewis .
his way-over-the-top performance in `` it 's a wonderful life `` lingers like the taste of lettuce fried in lard atop a sandwich on a moldy mcdonalds burger roll .
but then there 's the story itself .
it 's notable that capra waited until the depression was largely over before putting together this dreadful lie about it ( which is what this film is really about ) .
apparently the banks did n't spend years foreclosing homes and farms ?
no one was displaced , we all held together in the small towns we grew up in ?
family 's were n't shattered and careers not ruined ?
it 's wonderful baloney to serve with and fried lettuce .
it 's deplorable that american 's think of this as a `` christmas classic . ``
christmas should be about joy , not self-centered delusion .
the truth is , the world would have been the stronger is stewart 's character had never been born .
the people in it need to find real reasons for living , not capra 's pandering .

-1
i like a lot of director capra 's films - but not this one .
this is among one of the most vile floods of slush ever to be photographed .
the characters are simpering when they are n't whining .
james stewart give us the worst , most over-wrought performance of his career - high-school student do better .
the camera work looks expensive - and dull .
the editing is perfunctory .
there 's no effort to use film to tell the story .
the story itself is a banal rip-off from `` the christmas carol `` - but the worst part of it is that stewart 's character spends his every moment visiting the ` alternate universe ' ( that would have happened had he never been born ) trying to convince everyone that he really was born , and there is no ` alternate universe ' - which makes no sense whatsoever , and completely blows any chance at insightful or revelatory alternate character development , and reduces his final submission to fate to a rather cheap , histrionic `` gee , i 'm sorry ; let 's try it again , ok ? ``
the raw cynicism that went into the making of this film - kept alive by generations of as a kind of shared in-joke ( `` hey , let 's face it , most are just dumb `` - would be frightening if it had n't sold so well - which is the really scaring thing about it .

-1
` george bailey ' ( stewart ) deserves what he gets after he entrusts the delivery of $ 8,000 dollars to an old fart who could n't find his own mouth with a chocolate donut .
george is in the crapper now , so he decides to jump off a bridge and end it all .
lucky for him , there just happens to be an angel ( henry travers ) nearby who does his best to dissuade george from killing himself .
after a small eternity of goofy banter and other yo-yo antics , george changes his mind and wants to live again so he can go back to his drab life ( though his wife , donna reed , is pretty hot ) .
it would seem that ninety-nine out of a hundred people think this film is an absolute holiday classic , but there are much better seasonal stories to watch - if one has the gumption to be different .

-1
how i hate this movie !
the funny thing is that the first time i saw it , i liked it .
now i find that is beyond belief .
but then that was twenty years ago , when i would swallow any sugary pills wrapped up by the classic hollywood studio system ( meet me in st. louis , little women , the wizard of oz , babes in arms , etc etc etc ) .
but the second time i watched this movie i was in my thirties and a film student in london , and i had to watch it during an afternoon lecture with the obvious discussion session afterwards that went on for ages .
freud would say i developed a pathological hatred as a result of a negative experience , and therefore i can be cured .
but i do n't want to be cured and i certainly do n't want to see this corny , sugary , rosy and piece of monumental nonsense ever again in my life !
where can i start ?
jimmy stewart ( who was a great serious actor in the anthony mann westerns and the hitchcock thrillers and i like him in all of them ) here is nothing else than an idiot .
and then , who anyone with a bit of intelligence can really believe him as a college boy when he was almost forty years old when he made this movie ?
please ! ! !
and then when he is bankrupted by `` mr. scrooge `` lionel barrymore and he is about to do away with himself , an angel comes to stop him and to show him how much the world owes to him ( `` a chistmas carol `` updated , how nice !
) and all of a sudden the whole town flows into his house to pay his debts and save the day .
how nice of them too !
of course that could only happen in america , the earthly paradise where everybody loves everybody else and life is beautiful .
and they all lived happy ever after .
call me whatever you like , but i shall hate this movie for the rest of my life and i do n't give a thing about its rating as one of the all-time favourite classics for all the family .
burnt it on a pyre , flush it down the toilet , shoot it into outer space , ... i do n't care what you do with it .

-1
when thinking of ` it 's a wonderful life ' , only one word races to my mind ... boring ! ! !
this movie is all about trauma and tribulation , and i do n't know about you , but that does n't get the average american in the christmas spirit .
it 's all about this average family man whom one-day questions : what would life be like had i never been born ?
his guardian takes him on a journey through the duration of the film and grants him his wish .
he begins to see the way things would be if he never existed .
he had attempted suicide in the past , and the angel begins to show him that the world would be different with out this man .
the only really good part about this movie is that the angel gets his wings for doing such a great job on his mission to show the man his value .
overall this movie is just not that great .
christmas movies were meant to bring holiday cheer and this film does the exact opposite !
i give this movie a 1 and i do n't recommend that anyone watch it ... ever ! ! !
also , it takes on stressed out person to ever question their existence , and an insecure one at that , and how is this supposed to get you into the holiday mood ?
it definitely does n't cheer me up ; its kin of makes me depressed actually .
so do n't waist your time with lame and movies such as this .
just so drink some cocoa and sit by the tree to get into the holiday spirit .

-1
i realize that there is approximately four other people on the planet who think like i do and can agree that this film is terrible .
everybody loves it for some reason , but i have absolutely hated it ever since i watched it for the first time .
` it 's a wonderful life ' is so boring .
now i 've sat through some pretty dull films before , but this is unheard of .
the thing is , i can usually get into the older movies .
i just ca n't get into this one .
i first saw this film a couple of years ago in school , and have unfortunately , been forced to watch it a few more times just because everybody in the entire world thinks that it is wonderful .
i would n't normally comment on a film that is so bad , but being that it is bad and entirely overrated , i am forced to voice my opinion .
the cast is terrible .
i 've never seen james stewart in anything else and i do n't plan to .
he starts off good , everything 's fine , but as time progresses , he becomes so annoying that i want to jump up and turn the tv off .
what can i say about donna reed except that she is a horrible actress who manages to contribute very little to this horrible picture .
well , that 's about it for the cast , i suppose .
minor role players such as lionel barrymore , thomas mitchell , and henry travers are equally unimpressive .
the writing and the script itself are mind-numbingly stupid .
` it 's a wonderful life ' is supposedly the tale of a depressed man who gets the chance to see what life would have been like if he had never been born .
okay , so how long exactly is it supposed to take to get to the damn point ?
the movie drags on and on and finally after about four hours ( it seemed like that long to me ) , george bailey meets clarence , his angel , and is whisked away to the life where he does n't exist .
so , basically the film tries to make a point and , i guess , finally does .
there 's a couple of people out there who think that ` it 's a wonderful life ' is not a christmas movie .
well , they 're right .
why is everyone under the impression that this movie is a christmas movie ?
it 's clearly not .
` it 's a wonderful life ' , a terrible movie if there ever was one , currently appears on the top 250 list .
it 's also managed to jump onto just about everyone else 's favorites list , but i do n't know how .
its nominations for best picture , best actor , and best director , among others , is unbelievable and ridiculous .
the film is boring , slow-paced , and has no point to it for about the whole 130 minutes .
frank capra and this movie are overrated and i would n't recommend it to anyone .
avoid at all cause .

-1
frank capra , american propagandist and patriot .
what a .
this piece of sh1t is bad beyond belief .
while running unbelievable two hours long it lacks a single ( !
) good scene , rather accumulating one pile of steamy stink after another .
during the intimidatingly dreadful end sequence one just sits with a frozen face , frozen in terror of how gullible people ( americans , obviously ) were and are blinded and corrupted by this sentimental crap .
if frank capra , hack extraordinaire , were n't dead already ... well you get my point .
i do n't even consider this a film , it 's a christian american propaganda piece without the slightest redeeming factor .
i do n't even have to go into detail how bad the editing is , just like with fc 's showpiece mr. smith goes to .
frank capra , since you believed in hell - you hopefully burn there ...

-1
viewers gushing over everything including the title sequence ( now that is funny ) would have us believe this is some sort of cinematic miracle , but , trust me folks , this is one of the most embarrassingly bad films you could ever see , and if you 're not laughing at it five minutes in , i 'd say you 've lost your sense of humor .
david niven plays a doomed and raf pilot who somehow thinks it appropriate to engage an impressionable ( female ) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love , just as he 's plunging to his certain and fiery death .
( is n't it romantic ... ) of course , he 's spared by a quirk of metaphysical chance , and washes up on the beach , just as this same air traffic controller is riding by on her bicycle .
( they immediately clinch ) .
looking past the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts , ( so over the top you really need to refer to them as , from a naked boy sitting in the sand playing the movie 's theme on his little flute , to a celestial courier so his makeup is caked on more thoroughly than the ladies ' ) , the most bizarre aspects of the movie are how it weaves such bad caricatures of national and racial stereotypes into a convoluted attempt to argue some kind of point about the universal nature and power of love .
we get it -- fly boys like girls in skirts and heels , and girls like 'em back , and , apparently , all you have to do is cry a little to make it noble enough for your movie to get 10 stars on imdb ... as for the quality of the production , the is poor enough to induce cringing , and the lighting is , perhaps , even worse than that , but you hardly have time to notice because the script is so bad .
there are games played with technicolor , ( whatever passes for heaven is in black and white if you can figure out the sense in that ) , and foreshadowing , ( so funny my fellow audience member who usually like movies like this actually cheered and laughed when then the doc 's motorcycle finally ended up in a fiery wreck ) , and , ( which is funniest of all because the female lead is so poor at standing still you know the stage hands were guffawing off camera ) .
the best shots are the early ones on the beach , but , after that , it 's all downhill .
the ( moving like an escalator is moving ) staircase is hardly the odessa steps , to say the least , and i 'd really caution anyone from feeling like they 'd have to see this lame attempt at movie-making on their account .
the movie overall is bad enough to be funny , and that 's about the best thing i can say for it .

-1
i saw this movie recently because a friend brought it with him from nyc .
after 30 minutes , i said to him , `` you 've got to be kidding .
is this some sort of joke ? ``
he thought it was good .
i told him that i thought it was probably one of the silliest movies ever made .
`` what was it supposed to be ? ``
i asked .
`` a propaganda movie made for children ? ``
the plot is stupid .
the acting is the worst ever for most of the principals and frankly people who look at this sort of tripe and think it has anything to do with life , love or even afterlife , of which it offers an incredibly idiotic view ... need some psychiatric help .
please , if someone tries to get you to stick this in your dvd or video player , consider it like you would a virus introduced into your computer ... it wo n't destroy your player but it will destroy your evening .
if they had made razzies in the '40s , this would have won in every category .
( ps .
it also goes under the dubious sobriquet of `` stairway to heaven . ``
)

-1
why did universal include this movie in their `` wolfman `` legacy boxed set ?
this movie was pitiful .
there are n't even any werewolves in it .
five movies were made with horror legend lon chaney jr. as the wolfman .
why could n't the legacy boxed set include these five movies instead of this movie ?
they did include henry hull in `` the werewolf of london `` , which is my favorite all-time universal werewolf movie , but i think it was a grave mistake to include she-wolf of london because , not only was it not scary but it did n't even have a werewolf in it !
i have the same feeling about universal 's `` invisible man `` legacy boxed set - it has `` the invisible woman `` , which was a comedy , not horror .
about the only saving grace with that one was shemp howard 's funny `` stooge `` acting , but again , there has to be a better invisible man movie somewhere out there than `` the invisible woman . ``

-1
this is n't going to be a review , rather its simply an expression of displeasure at film that wasted a couple hours of my life .
half way through the first and only time i ever watched this movie i vowed never to watch it again .
several years later i have been true to my word .
i have kept the video tape of this movie so that i could know that i always had the choice to watch this if i found that chewing tin foil lost its thrill .
so far there have been only two vincent price films which i found such a waste of time that i never wanted to see them again , this was one and the bat , was the other .
i really do n't know why i find this movie so distasteful , but i do .
its simply one of those things that rubbed me the wrong way .
i ca n't recommend it , not can i recommend chewing tin foil , but if you must choose one choose the foil .

-1
i 'm sad to say that i 've finally viewed a film by elia kazan that i detest .
gentleman 's agreement is a well meaning film that goes so far into highlighting anti-semitism as to border on the absurd .
it is true enough that america had ( even today ) its share of leading citizens who openly practiced anti-semitism .
however , this film goes much further .
so far in fact as to highlight anti-semitism in people who did not have the requisite intent of being anti-semitic .
in other words , the well meaning gentile , green , denounces even jews who innocently regurgitate stereotypical statements about jews .
this obviously enters the realm of orwellian ` thought crimes . '
to green , the fraudulent gentile , purporting to be jewish , one is guilty when private thoughts are merely spoken .
so much for freedom of speech .
clearly this is the more dangerous poison than the one green wished to snuff out .
its interesting that all of this ` hate crime ' hunting predates mao tse tung 's cultural revolution by almost twenty years .
thus , one can conclude that the seeds of political correctness were taking root many decades ago in our own land .
even if all the above statements are ignored , the film is a tortuous plodding mess .
investigative successes and bold denunciations by the perfect green are nullified by restatement piled upon one another .
after 30 minutes , this film offers no more surprises .
the audience , unless in a stupor , is apt to scream , `` o.k . i get it , anti-semitism is bad . ``
unfortunately , a film such as this takes hold of the audience and turns them hostage .
in other words , you will accept this benevolent message or you are just as guilty as the pigs in this movie .
this type of movie making is completely unfair .
its not a triumph to guilt trip the audience into agreeing with the views espoused by the taint free .
i found peck 's secretary to be a much more believable character .
she was a jew who recognized anti-semitism in the mainstream business world yet overcame it .
of course kazan had to demonize even her and highlight her own anti-semitism , something i truly doubt as authentic in one who understood first hand the perils of prejudice .
please do n't take my word for it .
i urge you to view this film and see how bad it is for yourself .

-1
this is 141 minutes of time wasted in my life that i can not get back !
it surprises me that it is only 141 minutes long because it felt like 4 hours to me !
it is also a waste of great talent .
how many more disasters could strike in one movie ?
the odds of such things are incredible !
you 'd have better odds of winning the lottery !
murder ?
?
drunkenness ?
not to mention an earthquake , tidal wave , and an uprising by the `` natives ! ``
wow !
it has more plot twists than lombard street !
a great cast is swallowed up by a monstrous plot .
since i first saw it , i have warned people away from this lugubrious mediocrity forever !
my humble opinion ... do n't waste your time , because you will never get it back and you will feel cheated .

-1
ok , i am biased .
i do n't celebrate stories that theorize that the way you prove you are a man is you go out and kill a bunch of animals and then mount their heads on a wall .
you do n't even eat the meat , you just show off what a big man you are , even though you have a jeep , a gun , guides with guns , and everything else on your side and against the animal 's .
even with that said , there is not one truly likable character in this movie .
we are supposed to believe that gregory peck actually falls in love with the joan bennett character ?
she does nothing but make fun of men and snip their you-know-whats down to the size of raisins for most of the movie ... then we are supposed to believe at the end that her hubby `` made her that way `` so it 's not her fault .
she also whines a lot .
peck 's character might lust after her but for him to claim he 's in love ?
a bit much to swallow ... in any case the best you can do is sort of like peck in this film and you ca n't stand the robert bennett couple .
it 's hard to feel sorry for either , choosing to make each other miserable .
i rooted for the lions and/or buffaloes to kill the whole bunch of them but knew they did n't have a chance .
it would have made for a better movie .
but just remember , if you kill a lion , that 's what makes you a man , according to hemingway .
if you do n't , i guess you are not really a man .
what an enlightened person he was !

-1
slow to start , very bad cinematics .
it looks like it was filmed on a super 8 home movie camera for one thing .
it looks like it was colorized .
the young male ( joel ) in the movie speaks with a too young a tone in his voice which is annoying .
the acting is very bad and it 's obvious this movie was a rip off of black beauty and black stallion .
it becomes apparent it is a rip off the above films when it is revealed by grand mother that `` red `` is bred from racing horse stock and is in deed a race horse .
not worth the time to watch .

-1
a boy out hunting rabbits with his dog comes across a dead horse , a newly born foal and a bear .
he shoots at the bear but he misses and then takes the foal home to raise as his pet .
soon enough , grandmother 's ranch and its contents are set to be auctioned off if she does n't come up with thousands of dollars .
no problem ... the kid has a great plan .
all he has to do is quickly train his horse to become a championship racehorse .
in all of my years on this planet , i have yet to come across a list of animals separated into the groups god 's creatures and spawn of satan .
this is another film where horses are sacred but bears and fuzzy bunnies need to be slaughtered .
that point aside , there is a completely laughable plot element in this movie .
the bear actually `` stalks `` the kid 's horse .
it always seems to be around and it is always waiting for the chance to torment the titular red stallion .
every time it shows up , the dog starts yapping its head off and the boy tries to shoot the darn bear but he always misses .
* mild spoiler * anyway , it all culminates in an actual showdown between the two animals .
they engage in a completely ludicrous fight to the death .
the bear claws at the horse and the horse smashes the bear with its hooves .
the bear would run away and the horse would give chase .
the battling would then begin once again .
it went on for a seemingly long time and i just have to say that a horse and some guy in a bear costume attacking each other was a rather surreal visual experience .
so does the stallion survive its deathmatch against the bear ?
will the boy ever get the chance to turn his beloved red into a world-class racehorse ?
will a film from 1947 have the guts to go against a common movie formula ?
most importantly , will i ever be compensated for all of the lame movies i have wasted away my precious life watching ?
the world may never know .
1/10

-1
robert blake had been out of the public eye for a decade when , in 2005 , he stood trial for and was acquitted of the murder of wife bonnie .
the trial renewed public interest in both his life and film career , and quite a few long-forgotten blake films began to make their way to the home market .
one of these was the 1947 film the return of rin tin tin , which starred the year old blake in a standard `` a boy and his dog `` story .
as a movie , the return of rin tin tin is n't bad , but neither is it anything to write home about .
the story concerns paul ( blake ) , a war orphan , who is sent to live with `` kindly father paul `` ( donald wood ) -- but the traumatized boy proves unreachable until he encounters canine star rin tin tin ( the third german shepherd of that name .
) unfortunately , no sooner does rin tin tin lure paul out of his shell than the dog 's true owners come to call .
at present the film is only available to the via a release by digiview .
the dvd case describes the film as `` digitally remastered , `` but do n't you believe it .
the color is bleached and the picture is so fuzzy that it is often difficult to tell whether you are looking at blake or at rin tin tin !
and in terms of atrocity the sound is n't far behind .
no matter how inexpensive the price may be , the return of rin tin tin is n't worth it .
avoid it like the plague .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

-1
this film is similar to al adamson 's horror of the blood monsters or the film they saved hitler 's brain in that it uses existing stock footage ( presumably found very cheaply but shot years earlier ) and then stuck together with new footage shot years later with a completely different cast .
somehow the people in the new film are to interact with the people in the old film .
when done seriously ( as in these three films ) this sort of cheap paste up hatchet job hodge podge mess of a concept can produce amazingly bad results .
even though the new footage is from the mid 1940 's , its obvious the old footage is from a silent movie from the 1920 's and does not match .
the old footage also seems to have been transferred at the wrong speed in places .
the white gorilla black gorilla fight scenes ( from the 1945 footage ) are hilarious .
that is if you do not think too deeply and see this as a visionary prediction of future race riots in the 1960 's .
the production values of the old footage ( said to be from a tarzan serial ) are really pretty good .
however , the 1945 footage is worthy of ed wood jr. and some ideas in these sequences with the gorillas ( and the pretty woman ) seem to turn up 13 years later in ed wood 's the bride and the beast .
adrian weiss was the producer of both , so there is a connection .
and its safe to say fans of ed wood films , and serious students of bad films , would want to see movie .

-1
this film begins in a very weird jungle .
it is probably the loudest one in the history of film , as many , many different animals constantly scream in the background -- sounding like a group of people are running around the zoo throwing rocks at the animals simultaneously ! !
you also may notice that the animals you see in stock footage are from the us , africa and asia .
additionally , most of the clips are clearly from a silent movie series ( perils of the jungle ) as these segments run way too fast ( silent films run at frames per second and sound at 24 -- so silent films always look a bit too fast when played on modern projectors ) .
what a totally bizarre jungle and it 's amazing that the film makers took so little care in these scenes .
as for our `` hero `` , ray corrigan , he narrates most of the film in a very flat tone .
additionally , when he recounts to his friends his exploits , he mostly just stands around as all the others in his party are killed or abducted .
some hero !
overall , there really is n't a film -- just lots of old clips , a little irrelevant new material and some guy running about in a white gorilla suit !
frankly , it 's boring and pointless -- and not even entertaining -- even for bad film buffs .
a total bomb from start to finish .

-1
this is , without doubt , one of the best of ` bad ' films , so cheaply and amateurishly conceived and made , and the acting so awful , it is quite hilarious and thoroughly diverting .
dick barton is a tall , dark , handsome and utterly pompous hero given to saying things like `` you swine `` to his foes , and `` take a tip , somebody takes a potshot at you , play possum `` to his pals .
he can drive , fight and swim with the best of them , and can knock people out without actually touching them , all valuable attributes when battling evil nazi spy rings who plan to poison britains water supplies with poison capsules , jewels and stockings smuggled inside who put them in the lobsters , and why the nazis needed the jewels and stockings is not made clear .
dick has two chums , the ageing , balding , chubby snowy and the aged , bald , emaciated jock , whose roles in life are to make dick barton look good in all respects .
they do this by being thoroughly stupid , forever telling bad jokes , playing juvenile tricks , licking their lips at the prospect of a beer , and taking a long time to remember their lines .
the chief villains have no trouble remembering their lines , they just have great difficulty in delivering them with the two leading nazis seemingly auditioning to understudy bela lugosi .
their chief henchman , a man who keeps saying `` i never miss `` before once more missing hero dick , is , we are told , not british , but quite what accent the actor is attempting is not decipherable .

-1
as musicals go , i found this one very overrated .
it felt flat ... lacking in both emotion and connection with the characters .
astaire can dance , but he could n't move this film for me ... gene kelly would have been a much better hewes .
sorry fred .

-1
mary o'hara 's trilogy , `` my friend flicka , `` `` thunderhead , `` and `` green grass of wyoming `` have been a treasured part of my life since i was a child .
however , the three films made from them vary widely in quality , meaning specifically to their relationships to the books upon which they are based .
`` my friend flicka `` is by far the best of the three , and `` thunderhead , son of flicka `` ( as it was renamed ) was not bad , though each contains minor changes from the books .
however , `` green grass of wyoming `` is a total disappointment .
the plot is changed so much that it bears almost no resemblance to its source .
for instance , `` crown jewel `` is made into a harness horse instead of a `` superb english thoroughbred , `` as she is described in the book , and burl ives appears in a totally unnecessary role .
forget this film and go to your local library and read the book ( if you can find it ) .
this is one case in which the book is far better than the film !

-1
anytime the opening credits reveal that a movie has been adapted from a stage play , you can be almost certain that the movie will be dull , boring , and without any real action .
`` rope `` fits this description very nicely .
fine actors such as james stewart are totally wasted in this abomination which takes place entirely in one room ( the old stage play bit ) .
as i read through a description of how this movie was made it became apparent that alfred hitchcock used this vehicle to indulge himself and take a massive ego trip .
nuff said ! ! ! !

-1
our play group , the frank club , was treating us to an afternoon at the movies , it was a story about tank battles of wwii !
anyhow , we got into the theater , i believe it was the loew 's ( in those days they still used ) 86th st. , and ... where was the tank battle .
this d -- n thing was playing instead .
we waited and waited for it to finish , so the second feature ( they also had double bills in those days and , up in harlem , triple features , altho those were mostly 1930s westerns from studios like monogram or a place called `` prc . ``
) but i digress .
by the time this vile thing finally did get thru , sorry time 's up , your parents are waiting for you at home .
you can imagine the lifelong annoyance i have had just seeing the name saxon charm .

-1
this film sucks in so many ways .
as an englishman i find this self conscious stiff upper lip acting style of mills and his cohorts utterly embarrassing and stupid .
that people seem to like this cartoonish drivel only makes it even worse especially when you see real adult english people trying to imitate it in real life .
then in this film we have the of a man who led an expedition which was by all accounts a consummate failure .
why this perverse english need to make a hero out of a loser ?
not only did scott lose the race but all the loss of life , and suffering including the death of horses and dogs for what ?
just to try to be the first person to stand on a bit of ice which is the south pole .
why ?
to satisfy a massive ego .
you think it would all be forgotten as an embarrassing mistake in english history .
but no .
back when i was young my school was divided up into four ` houses ' named after famous explorers : lawrence , livingstone , rhodes and scott .
i was in scott .
ugh !
the shame of it .

-1
the main lead is an awkward female who thinks she 's all that and is gullible and naive .
she possesses a meek streak and is too nice .
the character flavia was disappointing and impulsive .
she was too busy in life , unfocused , introverted , introspective , anti-social , unintelligent , and insensitive .
she was too confident for me , though margaret , one of my favorite child stars for 5 years now was exceptional for the role , but i had no interest in flavia for being the type i dislike , people that are self-assured .
she 's neither a tomboy nor girly , she 's unsophisticated and simple-minded .
i have watched this many times and i stopped watching it right after the part where she started crying after noticing that what her mother said were lies and watched wreck-it ralph instead , it 's colorful and so much better than this trashy film .
this movie was unappealing and overrated .
self-confident flavia is 8 years old but the person playing her was nine when it was filmed ; though , she tends to be chipper and resilient .
she is also unadventurous , half-hearted , headstrong , foolhardy , responsible , and independent .
there are some points where the dialogue made me cringe , these peoples ' lips and lip-syncing makes them ugly .

-1
gene kelly ca n't act and he proves it in this ponderous and boring version of the dumas novel that 's full of continuity problems and bad acting , not to mention miscasting .
kelly plays d'artagnan as a buffoon , and without his lifts he looks like he 's standing in a hole through most of the film .
van heflin overacts as the droopy athos .
the other two musketeers ( gig young , robert coote ) hardly make a blip in this version .
lana turner gets top billing even though she 's not a musketeer , and she never learned how to act .
june allyson is wasted as kelly 's `` love . ``
vincent price is ok as richelieu but is historically inaccurate as is king louis , with frank morgan being about 100 years too old for the part .
angela lansbury disappears ( lucky for her ) about half way through the interminable film .
in lesser roles , keenan wynn is totally miscast as a servant .
john sutton brings nothing to buckingham .
marie windsor is a lady in waiting and disappears but then patricia medina ( turner 's maid ) just appears out of nowhere .
neither part makes any sense .
the endless dueling is stupid since everyone has a gun .
they duel just about everyplace you can think of , even on the beach .
in total , they use about 3 fencing moves over and over and over again .
it 's obviously not kelly doing all the stunts ( the ugly wig was handy for disguising the stunt man 's face ) .
when wynn clunks his head on a fireplace , his wig almost falls off .
and what 's with the 3-d thing where everything was aimed at the camera ?
that went nowhere .
terrible continuity between closeups and long shots .
history tells us the films was a huge hot for mgm but since it cost $ 4.5 m and grossed $ 4.2 m the accountants must have performed some miracle math to declare this turkey a winner .
thank god no one dances and no one sings !

-1
every star must have at least one piece of work that absolutely stinks .
miss bette and winter meeting is a bore from the beginning .
susan grieve ( davis ) is a depressed poet that falls in love with a war hero ( jim davis ) .
the events of ww11 makes this soldier want to be a priest .
shared secrets over a nightcap is just not a remedy for the doldrums .
a very wordy script and dour atmosphere throughout .
just little over an hour running time is a relief .
the efforts of jim davis as the moody hero slick novak outshines miss davis .
also in the cast : janis paige , walter baldwin , florence bates and john hoyt .
if anything is redeeming its the score by max steiner .

-1
this and wb 's `` night and day `` are classic examples of how the major studios could distort 1920 's and 1930 's musical history to what they think was appropriate fact for 1940 's audiences .
there 's hardly any accurate about this account of rodgers and hart 's career .
everyone 's dressed in 1947 clothing , even though much of it takes place in the 1920 's .
mgm was incapable of showing the way things really were ( only minneli 's `` meet me in st louis `` was close to being visually correct .
) to top it off , let me be one of the apparent few to consider mickey rooney 's way-over-the-top typical performance and extremely modest voice .
i just do n't understand how he became such a huge star .

-1
arthur davis 's ` bye , bye bluebeard ' is a cartoon with little to no laughs whatsoever .
the script offers several promising premises only to reject them for a more predictable route .
porky pig refuses to share his meal with a thieving mouse .
however , when he hears on the radio that a murderer named bluebeard had escaped , the mouse disguises himself as the killer in order to terrorise porky into giving him some food .
that alone is enough of a setup to sustain an entire seven minute short ( indeed , it may well have been an influence on ` the missing mouse ' , a brilliant tom and jerry cartoon that emerged four years later , in which jerry fools tom into believing he is a white mouse who has swallowed a dangerous amount of explosives ) .
however , only seconds later porky rumbles the mouse , only for the real bluebeard to turn up putting porky 's life in real danger .
however , bluebeard notices the mouse ( still in costume ) and inquires as to who he is .
the mouse replies that he is bluebeard 's conscience .
this clever twist could have made for an even better setup with the mouse using his ethical powers over bluebeard to mess with the vulnerable porky , perhaps finally saving him from any real harm .
instead , the conscience angle is written off immediately and the cartoon just peters out as the mouse sets aside his differences with porky and rescues him , rewarded with the food he had previously been denied .
it 's a weak premise that emerges from a cartoon with several missed opportunities .
` bye , bye bluebeard ' is no fun whatsoever and it 's hardly surprising that afterwards arthur davis did n't direct another cartoon until over a decade later .

-1
what with all the talk on the political scene about ayn rand and her philosophies , i could n't help remembering my failed attempt to read this novel in high school .
i thought it was dreadful .
then i stumbled across the film adaptation late one night and i thought it mostly a crashing bore except for gary cooper and patricia neal .
when they were on screen together , the film showed some life ; when they were not , it simply lay there like a dead salmon .
since everyone 's talking about rand these days i thought a second look might be a good idea .
i 'd no intention of attempting the novel a second time , and frankly atlas shrugged , the book that solidified the randian philosophy , sounded even worse than the fountainhead .
so being a longtime fan of the late patricia neal , i decided to give this movie a second look .
it was even worse than i remembered .
i can sum the basic plot up in short order : howard roark ( cooper in possibly the most wooden performance he ever gave ) is a brilliant architect whose ideas are too radical for the establishment ( ably represented here by raymond massey ) .
even his college does not know what to do with him , so he is expelled and basically viewed as unemployable because he refuses to compromise his `` vision `` for his client ( s ) .
it 's an idiotic premise , but maybe someone more persuasive like henry fonda could have pulled it off .
cooper is so out of his element here that it is only in the presence of patricia neal that he sparks to life .
neal is also out of her element as dominique francon , a character who basically exists merely to be roark 's love interest .
but when i say out of her element , i mean she is way too good for the material .
despite being mismatched with cooper ( who at forty-seven was really much too old for his part ; neal was twenty-two ) , neal is the only member of the cast who brings anything resembling passion to this piece .
it need not matter that it is sexual passion ; passion is passion , and even cooper comes alive when she is in the shot with him .
after a lot of bellowing and blustering by various characters , and at least one implied sex scene between neal and cooper bordering on rape , the film ends in a courtroom with cooper delivering what was at the time the longest monologue ever put on film ; the studio attempted to trim it , mainly because they considered it confusing and because cooper did n't understand it , but rand refused to allow it .
i am not sure if they did not trim it a bit in the end , but something angered rand because she swore never to work with warner bros again .
someone might have suggested to her that there is a difference between a potboiler novel and holy scripture , but of course rand worshiped herself and no one or nothing else .
the movies are full of long monologues near the end of the story : mr smith goes to washington , judgment at nuremberg , and guess who 's coming to dinner ?
all have them , but thanks to the skill of james stewart , burt lancaster , and spencer tracy respectively , these speeches tied everything together and formed a sound basis for the final moments of the film .
cooper 's long and disjointed rant is not only confusing , it is positively ; i would recommend the final half hour or so of this film to anyone suffering from insomnia .
but at the end of the day , what really sinks this film is the sheer of rand 's philosophy .
her `` hero `` is arrogant , conceited , insufferable , and crude in the extreme .
rand seems to admire his unwillingness to compromise ; the problem is that without compromise nothing ever gets done .
patricia neal really is the only reason to see this piece of schlock ; not only does she manage to rise above the material , but her sexuality is so potent that she nearly sets the screen ablaze .
it might have been a bigger hit if they could have brought the same life to the rest of the film .

-1
i was shocked to see this film after hearing of the popularity of ayn rand among conservatives and economists for years , i expected something clear , possibly formulaic , but watchable .
imagine my surprise when i discovered it to be nothing more than an approving showcase for the monstrous egotism of the architect gary cooper and the predatory lust of the wealthy patricia neal , his patron and employer -- all the result of the architect 's genius , which puts him so far above the common man , for whom ethics and morality are just motivated by envy -- that he need not care for such petty things .
the craven characters in this film , who put themselves before everyone and everything else is almost frightening to see , especially as the film celebrates sexual depravity and brutal egotism as if they were virtues .
how could anyone think this a great film is beyond me .

-1
this movie drives me crazy .
every time i see it i ca n't believe i 'm watching it again .
i have to admit that i did try reading the book several times but could never get through it .
i think this is a movie people either love or hate .
if you are young and still idealistic you will probably love ` the fountainhead . '
i am not young ( but not old either ) and have lost my idealism for an architecture that can change the world .
therefore , i hate the movie .
funny do n't you think ?
but wait , there 's more ... i 've never seen such stiff and blank facial affect acting , ever .
zombie-like .
i am sure this is how the players were directed to act because the actors , themselves , are top notch .
but why were they directed to act like this ?
depictions of howard roark 's exterior architecture as shown in the movie is generally fake looking with almost no detail - like cardboard models .
however , the proposal drawings of his designs are quite nice .
many of the modernist interior set designs are very nice also .
very clean lines .
finally , if you can get through extremely stiff , statue-like acting and a snobby `` objectivist `` plot then you might enjoy ayn rand 's `` philosophy for living on earth `` > `` objectivist philosophy `` you might be interested in any rand 's objectivist philosophy from wikipedia .

-1
this movie gets my vote for the most unbelievable dialogue ever in an a-list hollywood movie .
from the opening words , spoken by an dean ( or rather , a cardboard caricature of a dean ) , there is not one sentence that could ever be delivered in real life .
the whole movie is as schematic and unreal as the old red agitprop plays .
appropriate , in a way , since ayn rand , too , was a propagandist for ideas rather than a real novelist or screenwriter .
and what ideas !
individualism is crushed in america , but the idealistic architect will fight to produce -- second-hand mies !
this individualistic architect is fighting to get buildings made that were exactly the kind corporate america was building after the war .
he is shown as fighting against the old style at a time it had been dead for decades , and championing a style that had been in vogue for years .
maybe the drawings ca n't be blamed on ayn rand , but the ludicrous dialogue can .
poor gary cooper .
i see he gets blamed in other posts for not acting the part well .
next time you see this movie i suggest you try saying to yourself any one of his speeches in a believable way .
she must have had an ironclad contract not to have been replaced by a hollywood hack .
maybe a hack could have made a decent movie of this dog , but i doubt it .

-1
gosh , but this film does n't half bring out the rugged individualists on imdb !
melancholy as it is to see that anyone believes the white russian sociopath ayn rand was any kind of philosopher ( she simply dressed up good , old-fashioned greed and misanthropy in two-dollar words ) , it is still sadder to learn from a couple of other contributors that her work features in american college philosophy courses .
alas for american further education ... however , one ca n't be angry for long at miss rand , or her hysterical contempt for the human race - her hero is a man who blows up a big apartment building without a thought for anyone it might fall on top of - when the film that expresses it is such an outrageous camp classic .
lord only knows what the folks in peoria thought when , expecting a spot of manly action entertainment and rough , gruff romance with strong and usually silent hero gary cooper , they were required instead to sit through a couple of hours of high-flown speeches about great men and free spirits and all the rest of it , delivered by characters who talked exactly like a book ( and a bad one at that ) .
as for the stars , they perform this guff as though the script were in a foreign language and they 'd learned their lines phonetically .
patricia neal in particular looks and sounds throughout like a highly strung greyhound who 's been called upon , at short notice , to take an oral examination in post-grad mathematics .
i bet the folks in peoria wished they 'd gone to see an esther williams musical instead - which would , i suppose , be typical of the despised masses .
but here 's a thing : who on earth thought it would be smart business to turn a book full of contempt for the `` mob `` into a commercial studio film , which by definition needs the mob to come and pay to see it ?
not even a steven segal picture dares insult the audience as openly as that .
presumably it was some easily impressed , executive whose grasp on common sense was as firm as that of ayn rand , who ( among other ) not only believed in perpetual motion , but was out of a lot of money by con artists who convinced her they 'd invented it .
as every good con man knows , there 's no more delightful sight as that of a hard-headed , unsentimental business type when you 've got a consignment of gold bricks to unload .
the pity is that , as with most camp classics , it 's impossible to convey how funny it is without lengthy quotation ( or getting your friends to help you act it out - you 've never lived until you 've taken part in a mommie dearest party ) , and life 's too short for me to watch the fountainhead again with a notebook .
but do try to see it once , if only to be reminded that the most pathetic people in the world are those who believe in their own superiority , and that the funniest people in the world are those who have no sense of the ridiculous .

-1
ayn rand called her style of writing `` romantic realism `` .
as far as her film adaptation of her famous novel `` the fountainhead `` is concerned , `` bodice-ripper with philosophical pretensions `` would be a more accurate description .
despite an enormous budget , an accomplished director and some of the best acting talent available in the late 40 's , this is one of the most unintentionally hilarious `` message `` pictures of all time .
besides the fact that raymond massey had major parts in both films ( though here it 's in a supporting role , as pallid gail wynand ) there are quite a few similarities between this film and another famous flop , 1937 's `` things to come `` .
both screenplays were written by revered authors with a huge popular following .
the films themselves are visually stunning paeans to high technology , with fine casts and lavish production values , all of which are completely subverted by the reams of astonishingly clunky dialog mouthed by their cardboard-cutout characters .
the main difference between the two is that h. g. wells was near the end of his career as a writer , while rand was arguably at the peak of her narrative powers .
at least with `` the fountainhead `` you know what you 're in for from the very beginning , as veteran character actor henry hull -- playing howard roark 's alcoholic , mentor -- does n't merely chew the scenery but tears into it like a famished piranha , before his character 's merciful ( for the viewer ) demise .
and it 's all downhill from there , as gary cooper 's ersatz frank lloyd wright is dogged by the forces of conformity , personified by despicable architectural critic toohey .
just one of the many characterizations in this film , this villain does everything but sneer and twirl his moustache ( yes , he has a moustache ) as he declares that howard must be crushed , for daring to be an individual and not submitting to the will of the masses ( whom toohey secretly despises ) .
roark also designs buildings for which his doughy , loser friend peter keating ( played by the thoroughly caucasian kent smith ) then takes the credit .
fortunately , roark at least has the forethought to retain his little-known right ( spoiler alert ) as the real architect to blow up his buildings rather than submit to the crushing tyranny of a conventional facade .
patricia neal does lend a certain verve to her role as dominique , the sexually repressed and capricious romantic interest who must `` destroy everything she loves `` .
we know this thanks to an introductory scene where she tilts a large , heavy statue that she admires out the window of her high-rise apartment .
( `` look out below : dominique 's in one of her moods again ! ``
) .
nor is this the most ham-handed bit of symbolism employed : i defy anyone to sit through the scene where neal gets a blatant case of the hot while watching roark get all sweaty pounding granite with a pneumatic drill without collapsing , helpless in the grip of a fit of uncontrollable laughter .
the rest of the plot is too ludicrous for words , but here are a few highlights from ayn rand 's bizarro world brand of `` realism `` : - an architectural critic can wield power by virtue of his vast following among fellow journalists , unimaginative businessmen , and the masses .
( and roger ebert thinks * he * has it made !
) - rape is the best way to a willful and self-destructive woman 's heart .
- a challenge to one 's artistic integrity is best countered with lots of high explosives .
- ( spoiler alert ) if treated to a tedious harangue about the importance of the individual , juries will tend to forget that this particular individual is on trial for dynamiting public buildings in a fit of pique .
unless you 're a rabid ayn rand fan -- or a confirmed masochist who gets a sick thrill out of watching great actors humiliate themselves -- stay far , far away from this rancid hunk of cinematic limburger .

-1
getting the second part of that contention out of the way first : this film is not entertaining , and poorly made as well .
( this is 90 % due to the script and the ideas behind it ... the film looks very nice and i am an admirer of director king vidor 's work otherwise .
) even many of the film 's defenders in this comment section will admit that the film 's endless speechifying becomes almost immediately tiresome .
there is also the question of cooper 's miscasting , and the fact that characters are not real , but are merely vessels to advance questionable philosophical principles from upon high , the cinematic equivalent of a soap box .
there is also the tried-and-true screen writing principle that the hero of the movie ( clearly meant to be roarke ) should go through a change , and come out the better man on the other end .
this principle goes back even further , to mythology and what joseph campbell memorably described as `` the hero 's journey . ``
in direct opposition to this long tradition of world literature , the whole point of this particular movie is that roarke does not change one whit , that he retains his `` integrity `` and does not give one millimeter to all of society around him , remaining so stubborn and pigheaded that he will perform a terrorist act rather than allow some balconies be applied to his precious housing towers ( which , by the way , looked like the inhuman , brutalist prisons that most housing projects became almost immediately after they were built ) .
what kind of film ( and novel ) posits a terrorist as its hero ?
for roarke is nothing but a man who denies greatly needed housing to the poor to satisfy his own ego .
a man who remains a horrific , spoiled brat from the beginning to the film 's final , fascist shot .
a very disgusting film , that 's what kind .
( okay , so i answered my own rhetorical question .
sue me .
) then there 's rand 's entire philosophy backing up this paltry tale , ludicrous at its core , that integrity means doing whatever one wants , just for its own sake , and any compromise means selling out .
what a load of trash .
sorry , but we live a world with other people where ( the non-specific ) you do n't always get your way .
so grow up and deal with it .
and insisting on your own way just because , is the same wonderful ( not ) stance taken by spoiled four-year-old brats the world over , not fully realized adults .
roarke is a petulant child in an adult 's clothing .
a more disagreeable person to spend time with i could n't imagine .
buck up , little camper .
in cooper 's `` rousing `` climax courtroom speech ( , more likely ) , rand states ( through the character of roarke ) , that our nation ( usa ) was the first in the history of the world to be built entirely upon the rights of the individual ( i 'm paraphrasing here , so forgive me ) .
in this , rand is 100 % factually wrong ( stupid , or lying ?
your choice i guess ) , and i can prove it .
what is the very first word of the united states constitution ?
answer : the word is we .
not i , or me , or person , or individual , but we .
community .
the first three words in the constitution are : we the people .
your honor , i rest my case .
rand 's childish philosophies fall flat , not only as entertainment , but as philosophies as well .
in spite of my warnings , if you must watch this film to prove to yourself its utter worthlessness , do n't blame me .
i warned you .

-1
oh , man , talk about the effect of advertising .
apparently , all that you have to do to enjoy box office succes is title your movie after a revered 19th century novel .
horrendous acting , directing , and cinematography in this sham of an effort .

-1
does the public really need the soviet union , with its gulags , denial of due process , the building of the berlin wall , the purges , conspiring with nazi germany to commit an unprovoked attack upon poland and then illegally invading latvia , lithuania and estonia , and also committing aggression poland , poking fun at adolf hitler and the nazis ?
for the soviet union , which gave germany the green light to invade poland , to make such a movie attains a height of hypocrisy that is almost breathtaking .
who the heck was the soviet union , with its nkvd and brutal rule , to mock adolf hitler ?
and how dumb were the soviets to act like operation barbarossa was a complete surprise ?
how could they fail to notice the amassing of four million soldiers and thousands of airplanes , tanks and cannons on the their western border ?
if you want to watch movies mocking adolf hitler , check out the the three stooges and charlie chaplin .
unlike this soviet propaganda fiasco , they lampooned hitler while hitler was still alive .

-1
cult director arthur davis has made some hysterically funny cartoons in his time but ` porky chops ' sure ai n't one of 'em !
one of the ugliest , most unfunny warner shorts i have ever seen , ` porky chops ' is something of an oddity .
its problems are numerous .
for a start , it is very poorly paced and full of misfiring gags .
the animation is clunky and the character designs are unattractive .
this is especially true of the one-shot squirrel character who spends the cartoon trying to prevent porky from cutting down his tree .
aside from looking lousy , this squirrel is a thinly veiled re-imagining of bugs bunny .
come to mention it , porky 's role in this film could just as easily have been played by elmer fudd and there are even moments when , if you squint , porky looks just like elmer in his hunting hat and brandishing his gun .
as he was replaced by more interesting characters , porky 's starring roles became rarer and even in his earlier cartoons he frequently played second fiddle to crazier characters ( see ` porky 's party ' , in which porky barely gets a look in ) .
chuck jones brilliantly injected new life into him by casting him opposite daffy in several inspired genre spoofs but davis 's attempt to throw the spotlight on the pig falls completely flat .
` porky chops ' is as pitiful as its dreadful title would suggest .

-1
horribly one sided , this propaganda piece spouts the supposed merits of inoculations ( conveniently not telling that those same shots can in some instances be more harmful than what they against ) i learned of that travesty first hand and it 's a bitch .
that part of the animated short made me so damn mad that it tainted everything that was said afterwords .
not only is this pure unadulterated propaganda crap , it 's also extremely dated and is n't worth watching due to it 's horrendous use of fear tactics .
this animated short can be seen as an extra in the `` from the vaults `` section on disc 4 of the looney tunes golden collection volume 2 .
my grade : f

-1
historical reality : the battle of stalingrad was directed marshal zhukov , but he was not even mentioned in this film .
the reason was that after the second world war , zhukov 's fame increased rapidly , and stalin was unhappy about it , so he sent zhukov to be the commander-in-chief of military districts in order to eliminate this potential political threat .
this film faithfully followed the stalin 's will , discounting what zhukov had accomplished and gave the credit to stalin instead .

-1
dreary , dull , endless dialogue between a disgruntled limey and various other characters .
power did n't fit the part of a young man at all , looking far older than his years .
this film kept promising action but just never delivered .
nice props and lots of activity , but a deadly bore .

-1
`` the black rose `` = .
its unprepossessing plot is shot full of holes .
the poorly drawn characters are generally unsympathetic .
consider the atrocious casting of the film 's leading roles : mature , very american tyrone power as a young oxford scholar ; juvenile french actress cecile aubry -- as the ( unconvincing ) romantic interest -- is about as sexually devastating as a kewpie or doll .
the film 's leaden pacing , its prolix and unremarkable dialogue , its profound lack of credibility as well as its failure to appeal to any other emotions than this viewer 's boredom and contempt result in my judging `` the black rose `` as one of the worst films tyrone power ever had the ill fortune to appear in .

-1
this piece of crap might have been acclaimed 60 years ago , but it is one of the most racist movies ever made with the native american indians played by white men .
the right-wing republican james stewart was a huge racist in real life , just like his close friend john wayne .
in 1971 stewart had actor hal williams fired from `` the jimmy stewart show `` ( a short-lived series that mercifully flopped ) just because williams was black .
as if that were not bad enough , this film is very dated and boring .
watch `` dances with wolves `` instead for a less racist view .
stewart was in his forties when this awful movie was made , and even with his ridiculous wig he still looked like a paedophile chasing after 16-year-old debra paget .
i 'm surprised it was even allowed .
0/10 .

-1
jose ferrer became probably the most recipient of an oscar in film history when he was presented with an academy award for ` best actor ' in this drab filming of edmond rostand 's wonderful play , ` cyrano de bergerac ' .
ferrer 's bombastically loud voice and tediously self-conscious acting sinks this little undertaking long before it ever leaves port .
ferrer aggressively spits all of his dialogue while he poses and postures in defeatism to the lavish costumes and extravagance of rostand 's piece .
mala powers plays roxanne with a bit more subtlety , but she fails to impress in any way .
there are some rather clueless people out there who feel that ferrer 's performance was `` brilliant `` .
anyone who thinks that knows absolutely nothing about acting .

-1
this movie inspired the 1990 's movie classic problem child 2 .
however , the production of this earlier clone is far weaker .
the cinematography is not a patch on problem child 2 .
the performances are variable .
some average , some awful .
the problem with this movie is that it wants to be an outright comedy but refuses to admit it .
at times you can sense that the director was longing to put a banana skin in the path of its main character .
the scene with the terrible child .
that could have been far superior if the child had thrown a bucket of custard over the adult and ran off .
there are too many scenes in which the main characters do not do anything remotely hilarious .
missed opportunities are the achilles heel of this movie .

-1
my wife joked : `` it did n't cost much to make this movie : cheap furniture , an overturned car ( an overturned _ model _ of a car ?
) , and a handful of actors . ``
and that 's just the beginning of bad .
while viewing , we discussed several times whether it was worthwhile continuing to the end .
my overall summary : `` what the **** was _ that _ ?
we 've wasted two hours ! ``
the movie is too odd for most people to identify with .
cultural differences are not to blame : i 've enjoyed every french movie i 've seen except this one .
it 's not worth discussing much more : other posts will tell you the plot .
i have no idea why it has such a high rating on imdb ( 7.4 at this time ) - i would rate it negative if possible .
perhaps it 's a piece of leftover intelligentsia from the past .
wish i had my two hours and wasted neurons back .

-1
every moment errol flynn is on screen in this film sparkles with his undeniable panache .
every moment he is off screen ( which is most of the movie ) is either a bore or a puzzlement .
kipling 's dialog works just fine on the page , but on screen there is no feel whatsoever that real people would talk in such a manner .
what flows on the page is stilted when forced into the mouths of actual people .
dean stockwell does as well as one can imagine with the title role , but everything he says sounds as written as the declaration of independence , not the spontaneous remarks of a boy .
( the same applies to every character , actually .
) the direction is flat and incredibly unimaginative for a major studio release .
scenes which could have had real dynamism are played in flat tableau .
sequences of physical action are staged as badly as a high-school play .
( was there no experienced stunt coordinator available ?
) beautiful footage of india is interspersed through more prevalent scenes of largely cheap-looking soundstage sets .
( a walk through an indian train station shows not one speck of dirt or debris or trash on the floor , no sign of dust or even worn paint !
) the rear-projection shots of principles on soundstages in front of indian scenery are worse than the cheapest serials of the time .
and nothing substantial happens !
the spy games being played consist mainly of doing things through complicated means that could have been much more effectively done straightforwardly .
the dramatic action of this film could have been condensed into a twenty-minute short , and the running time of the feature would not have felt like minutes .
the only saving grace is the splendid work of errol flynn , who almost manages the impossible task of making mahbub ali a real and realistic person instead of a spout for the pouring out of novelistic and archaic dialog .
flynn seems to me to be at the height of his powers here , if slightly ( and only slightly ) past the height of his beauty .
i rejoiced every time he ( far too rarely ) returned to the story .
the rest of the time , i watched the screen with one eye and the clock with the other .

-1
by 1950 hollywood gave dean stockwell a lead role in a rudyard kipling story .
stockwell was a young teenager and after such films as `` gentleman 's agreement , `` and `` keys of the kingdom , `` he deserved far better .
the picture was a slow pacing film about a boy spying for the english , who anticipate a russian invasion of india in the late 1800s .
stockwell is really caucasian but pretends to be indian so that he can avoid school .
orphaned , he is soon captured and made to go to school but during summer recess , it 's time for espionage .
errol flynn plays a horse trader in this nonsense who also works for british intelligence .
paul lukas is a religious leader who walks away at the end .
he must have thought that he was moses .
the indian women in this mess talk like they 're reading the script for the first time .
an exciting part is when thomas gomez is thrown off a cliff .
this is what should have been done to the writing .
this film is living proof that pictures with star quality will fail when the writing is bad .

-1
does the public really need the soviet union , with its gulags , denial of due process , the building of the berlin wall , the purges , conspiring with nazi germany to commit an unprovoked attack upon poland and then illegally invading latvia , lithuania and estonia , and also committing aggression poland , poking fun at adolf hitler and the nazis ?
for the soviet union , which gave germany the green light to invade poland , to make such a movie attains a height of hypocrisy that is almost breathtaking .
who the heck was the soviet union , with its nkvd and brutal rule , to mock adolf hitler ?
and how dumb were the soviets to act like operation barbarossa was a complete surprise ?
how could they fail to notice the amassing of four million soldiers and thousands of airplanes , tanks and cannons on the their western border ?
if you want to watch movies mocking adolf hitler , check out the the three stooges and charlie chaplin .
unlike this soviet propaganda fiasco , they lampooned hitler while hitler was still alive .

-1
after watching prehistoric women i could not figure out why of all the film companies out there , eagle-lion studios was the one that released it .
or a better word would be inflicted it on the movie-going public on both sides of the pond .
eagle-lion was the creation of great britain 's j. arthur rank to get a foothold in the american market and lord rank a notoriously prudish gentleman .
did he see he was producing something of a skin flick ?
my guess is that someone got the bright idea to try and make a version of one million b.c . in a color process called .
the version i saw on tv was quite washed out and something tells me prehistoric women will not be a candidate for restoration .
no dialog among the characters who are played by no name actors .
it 's all done with a narrator who probably is used to educational films , his voice has got that kind of monotone .
not even an entertaining one like ben stein 's .
the plot such as it is involves the woman of the tribe rejecting the male chauvinism of the men strike out on their own with some of the younger females .
but as time goes by everyone concerned develops itches that need scratching .
curiously enough unlike the inaccurate one million b.c . only mammals are shown , the age of the reptilian dinosaur having long passed before homo sapiens arrived on the scene .
one flying pterodactyl like creature does threaten the tribe , but he looks more like a dehydrated big bird and the newly invented fire deals with him .
did j. arthur rank ever see this thing he unleashed ?

-1
plot of this somewhat engaging loincloth romp : girl beats boy , boy beats girl , enlightenment , happy ever after .
and if you ca n't follow the plot , do n't worry , because the worst narrator of all time will be happy to spell it out for you .
after her mother is clubbed one time too many by her caveman domestic abuser , and her gal pals take to the jungle with their pet panther and `` the wise one `` ( an irritating old crone ) .
there they mature into leggy swimsuit models and `` dance restlessly `` `` without knowing why `` , although we know why , and it has something to do with loincloth boy and his rugged pals , with whom and their ilk the lonesome doves have had nothing to do these many moons .
there is some marginally amusing stuff as the gals club the into submission , but the tables are soon turned .
before we get too far into male dominance a visit from a puppet , followed by a giant , nicely resolves our conflict .
the outstandingly bad aspect of this otherwise modestly bad film is the narration .
the dialog is spoken entirely in , which we moderns of course do not understand , so a helpful narrator is along to fill us in .
unfortunately in addition to translating the dialog the narrator insists on telling us what we have just seen , each and every time , so that the entire movie consists of the viewer watching things like : the girls gesture at the guys to pick up a dead panther , whereupon the narrator solemnly intones in his best pear-shaped tones : `` and the women force the men to carry the panther back to their jungle home `` , which of course is what we were just looking at .
since the narrator continues to state the bleeding obvious throughout the entire flick from beginning to end , it draws the viewer out of the story and into an `` i ca n't believe how stupid this is `` state of mind .
however there are people who take pleasure in doing exactly this , and for such people this is an under-appreciated candidate for worst film of all time lists .
i recommend it highly .

-1
after watching movies for several decades , i still get puzzled which of them have been considered masterpieces .
in this sense , rashomon epitomizes everything i do n't understand about cinema .
judging by the literature , kurosawa drew part of his inspiration from classical russian writers .
in order to be on par with their russian role-models , artists often feel the urge to make their work slow-paced and lengthy .
for the average viewer this usually means boring .
and we see that in rashomon 's long shots during which there is absolutely nothing going on .
as far as acting is concerned , let 's just say that toshiro mifune 's delivery is too theatrical even for the time of movie 's creation .
there might be a discussion on various levels about rashomon , but the bottom line is that it 's an overrated piece of cinema .

-1
i have no idea how you people have given this rotten movie such a great rating this movie is s *** ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
absolute s *** ! ! ! ! ! !
there is nothing in this movie that can be appreciated i am sorry guys , i am a big time movie buff but this flick is a total waste of time.there is no story here .
i have no idea what the director is trying to tell us .
and the biggest question i have is , who is the child ?
where are his parents ? ?
totally absurd .
and you people call it a classic ! !
my gawd ! ! !
can anybody explain to me why liked in this absurd movie ? ? ? ?
please enlighten me ... a total waste of my time

-1
i started watching sb with great expectations after seeing it praised to the skies in other wilder reviews , and favorably compared with flicks such as ace in a hole , but i got ta say i 'm disappointed .
now , i 'm aware that saying that sb is anything less than a masterpiece is a heresy for many , but i 'll say it anyway .
this is a mediocre movie , even a bad one at times , especially during that hideously contrived , overacted , ending .
yet the movie was going pretty well until the party .
until then i was well disposed , willing to be seduced , even if up to this point all what i had seen was a delusional has-been of an actress and a penniless , opportunist , scriptwriter stumbling into each other .
but then the whole thing sinks into mediocrity .
actually , what really ruined it for me was gillis ' frantic race back to the mansion , into norma 's arms .
that 's the most unrealistic bit of bad melodrama i have ever seen .
the only way wilder could have convinced me of such a thing really happening was by developing a psychological portrait on gillis as a deeply disturbed man , carrying a humongous mother fixation ; one who as a child was tortured by a monster of a mother , which withheld food from him until he did what she told him , usually something as humiliating as , for ex .
, licking her feet .
that would have made it for me , it would have given sense & coherence to what comes next .
but the way it is shown , gillis ' behavior makes no sense at all .
also , freelance writers are the most independent minded people , the last human creatures still in the wild .
to any of them , even death would have preferable to the lifestyle he chooses .
there is no logical reason why he does n't simply leave and goes to work as a dishwasher , waiter , whatever , instead of allowing his own emasculation by the hag .
but he does even worse when he sends betty packing , to make that grotesquely contrived ending possible , when in his case any normal man would have thought : what do you know ; i got love when i least expected it .
maybe the rest is on the way .
but that would have been just too logical and logic does n't have much place here .
this is one film that does n't touch me at any level , that leaves me totally indifferent .
and do n't call it a cultural thing : i 've gotten aboard every other wilder flick -- the apartment , ace in a hole , stalag 17 , di , , lost weekend , sabrina , etc . .
i can easily get into the story of a reckless reporter who 'll do anything to get the big scoop or that of a moral degradation of a man caught in the web of a black widow , or in a bottle of booze , but i ca n't picture what may be touching about a crybaby of a woman who once got things most people can only dream about -- a $ / w. salary , a wardrobe the size of a city block , the adulation of millions -- and who did n't have the maturity to go with calm and dignity into retirement when all that , except the money , was gone .
i do n't know why this hollywood fixation with the `` tragedy `` of its retired stars , anyway , about them suffering the same fate that every other thing , human being , will suffer with time .
are we supposed to join them crying and moping ?
!
tennis stars are seen also as temperamental and showy , but i ca n't imagine a 50 year old or williams crying and bitching because the crowd does n't go wild every time they enter a court to hit a few balls .
grow up , hollywood !
and accept that sb is not the classic you say it is it is but just an overdone , navel watching , schmaltzy soap opera that only moves those fireflies caught in your glitter and hoopla .
truth is , this movie did n't even need to be done ; if only max had had the fortitude to claim his cojones back and told norma the truth : girl , you got your 15 min .
but now it 's gone .
but still you have your money and me .
live with that .
instead of that we are treated to a 2 hr .
soap opera about people we do n't really give a hoot about .
resuming , i do n't see anything remarkable about sb .
cinematography is standard .
the atmosphere right , but mostly in the depressing confines of the desmond mansion .
outside of it , it does n't exist , except for the bit in the de mille sound stage -- the best part of sb along with the blooming relationship .
a movie focused on this last theme would have been far better and more interesting .
acting goes from good -- - holden , olson -- to wooden -- von stroheim -- to bad and then to worse -- swanson -- - to hit rock bottom during her hideously over the top caricature of a washed up actress at the end , which every former female thespian should find deeply offensive .
if that 's what hollywood calls good acting , god helps them .
1/10 ok , ok , i got it : hollywood is bad .
but i do n't see them raiding the countryside to abduct folks and making work as slave actors .

-1
i missed captain video in the theatre in 1951 .
it played on an usual morning bill ( for our town ) for 15 weeks with cartoons and shorts .
this was before most of the hinterlands had tv .
we had heard about captain video , even seen the comic book , however this serial , even with the tinted sequences now available on dvd , bears absolutely no relationship to the tv series except for the name .
i recently bought the dvd set and i must say even for columbia and sam katzman this is just about , no make that the worst serial they even put out .
judd as the captain comes across as very gay at times , not a lot of character development .
not much outer space goings on either .
the villains on the red tinted sequences ( especially poor gene roth ) are dressed as mongolian tartars .
the good guys on the green tinted sequences are all dressed as arabs , everything else in outer space and on earth is in black and white .
special effects ?
do n't ask .
the episodes and the cliff-hangers ( where you can call them that ) are just ridiculous by any standards .
knowing full well that this was directed towards 8 year old kids of 1951 and written by a veteran crew of serial writers , its an ungodly disaster !
approach it at your own risk .

-1
although he designed and directed a number of notable films , today william cameron menzies is best recalled as the director of the `` so bad it 's good `` 1953 invaders from mars .
his work with the 1951 drums in the deep south might be considered a build up to that ham-fisted style , for it has the same flatness .
sad to say , it has none of the same fun .
the story concerns a confederate effort to thwart sherman 's advance on atlanta .
strange to say , however , georgia seems to have been transplanted to the wild west for purposes of the film , which comes complete with a mesa on which the confederates desire to plant their cannon and fire upon the railroad below .
throw in a love triangle and some of the most uninspired acting you can obtain and you have drums in the deep south .
today the film is best recalled for the presence of actress barbara payton ( ) , a performer who trembled on the brink of stardom in the late 1940s and early 1950s before she self-destructed in a of sex , booze , drugs , and front page scandal .
it is easy to see what the fuss was about : she has a dead-pan sexuality , larger-than-life beauty , and memorable speaking voice .
unfortunately , none of these qualities have much to do with either film or role , and even her cult-status ca n't make up for what is basically a remarkably shallow , incredibly silly , and deadly dull film .
unless you are desperate to see what payton looked like on the screen before she ended up as a five dollar hooker working the sunset strip , drums along the deep south is a film to avoid at all costs .
treat it as you would the plague .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

-1
if only this were as good as the old perry mason tv series , but it 's not .
so contrived , it unintentionally makes you laugh and cry at the same time .
so unbelievable .
zero mostel as a small-time thug ?
for serious bogey fans only .

-1
the war was still going on .
no one , especially macarthur , knew what was going on .
i spent a year in korea and when i came back i asked my brother a lot about his experiences .
he was in the 1st cav which spent most of it 's time running south and east towards and pulling the 1st marines out of the debacle after their mentally challenged commander refused to retreat and was cut off .
i then began to study that war .
my conclusion about this movie ; it is as factual as hollywood 's movies about the earp brothers , billy the kid , bonnie and clyde , et al . .
in other words , it was as much about the real korean war as it was about life on mars .
the screen writers knew nothing about the war so they made up one .
a god-awful grasping at sophomoric conjecture .
an insult to the men from the 16 allied countries who served there .

-1
and i am afraid that i can not imagine why .
it really is a genuinely dire and exceptionally boring film .
in some ways it is reminiscent of early science fiction when every set had been knocked up on a hollywood back lot out of whatever was lying around .
from the minuscule and unconvincing set ( snipers seem to be about ten meters away ) apparently made of plaster , to the actors who are also apparently made of plaster with `` amusing `` stereotypes painted thinly on top , to the oddly warm pool in a frozen cave , to the survival of the cast uninjured when medium artillery shells burst a few meters away on open ground , and finally the awful script that reads like a training manual more than a film ... i really can not say how dull this is .
even the opportunity to see whether the young james dean survived was n't enough to keep me watching for more than an hour .
this really is one to be avoided at all costs .

-1
first of all , the title is misleading : the film is primarily focused on the life of bertha sophie von and not alfred nobel .
the other major flaw was the excuse given for alfred nobel selling his patents for dynamite to arms trader and financier ( parisian de la seine ) basil zaharoff ( assuming they ever met in real life ) : that he was preyed upon by zaharoff because he was a `` lonely guy `` .
in reality , he was a member of the very prominent and wealthy swedish nobel family .
his father , immanuel , founded a war supplies factory ( et nobel fils ) producing explosive sea mines for the russians in the crimean war , and his younger brother , ludvig immanuel nobel , became a wealthy oil tycoon ( ) .
how could alfred be the frail , unknowing pawn the film makes him out to be ?
in the movie we see alfred nobel demonstrating his dynamite to military personnel .
then it shows zaharoff convincing him that if it is sold to them then world peace will be had through the deterrent of `` mutual assured destruction `` .
how can we honestly believe that such an intelligent man could be so naive ?
the movie is preachy and the acting is terrible .
i would suggest another source if you really want to learn something about alfred nobel and the nobel family .
his `` invention `` made alfred nobel a multimillionaire .
a special note : the nobel prize for economics is actually given by the prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel .
this `` privilege `` of using the nobel name began in 1968 , when the swedish central bank ( ) began making annual endowment payments `` in perpetuity `` to the nobel foundation .
this movie seems more like a propaganda piece riding on the back of a pacifist ( bertha sophie von ) .

-1
wow .
`` seven dwarves to the rescue `` must be one of the worst films ever made .
it rivals `` plan 9 from outer space `` .
this is a live action b & w film ; the copy i saw dubbed in english from the original italian .
this is an amazingly campy piece of cheap schlock .
i do n't know what the people who made this turkey were thinking ... except that they evidently thought that having a large woman fall on top of a dwarf was pretty funny , since they use that gag repeatedly .
thumbs way down , on the nose .
-- froggy

-1
if someone wants to make a movie about `` the tales of hoffmann `` , he has first to decide if the still middle-aged german cities with their dark , fantasy and horror provoking angles and creepy edges and slanting houses which hoffmann chose for his tales , are giving the background of his film or the decadent paris at the end of the 19th century , the city of the lights over the new avenues built by which offenbach chose .
it is an open secret : hoffmann does not fit into offenbach 's paris as little as it is hoffmann 's tales that we believe to meet in offenbach 's `` tales of hoffmann `` .
however , the public around the world has accepted meanwhile that it was offenbach 's merit to have given hoffmann 's work a bombastic rebirth by leading him in his opera not form the darkness , but from the brightly sparkling light into the night .
but now look , what powell and pressburger did : the landscape is neither nor montmartre , it looks like a late art-deco out of an advertisement catalog from technicolor in which it was actually filmed .
i honestly prefer the black and white silent `` hoffmann 's `` ( 1923 ) , directed by max neufeld .
robert rounseville does a great singing job as hoffmann , chapeau !
but -- he is not hoffmann !
and the same , unfortunately , is true for the rest of the cast .
e.t.a . hoffmann as a true was also a painter , and we know how olimpia , dapertutto , klein , etc . looked !
i would say , moira shearer does a good job as olimpia , but when you see ludmilla as giulietta , you can feel that cold water running down your neck .
when the famous scene comes , where giulietta steals erasmus ' reflection , i was sitting like glued before the tv -- and nothing happened .
what are the `` tales of hoffmann `` ?
simply one of fabricated products out of the plant of powell and pressburger that simply did not have to lack in the series ?
not a ghost of feeling for this and so many other crucial passages .
and i really doubt that here and elsewhere the details were sacrificed for the sake of the big effect : no , the directors simply did not have the feeling and the knowledge for the theme .

-1
this is quite flat .
it 's a filmed without a prayer of captivating a attention , and so it on the artifice .
i never see what these film-makers imagine they 're offering when i see these artificial stage-set worlds , which seems to appear once every ten years ( bergman 's magic flute , sendak 's nutcracker , papp 's pirates of penzance , 's la traviata , fassbinder 's querelle ) except perhaps the revenge of on film-goers .
a film-maker not hamstrung by a libretto can assemble and build moments & pacing , freely , naturally .
but a director a n't do anything with pacing when hampered by an already structured libretto .
... which is why there has never been a great filmed opera .
they never make the jump to film .
you never see the hand of a strong director behind a .
coming from powell and pressburger , two men who knew what the hell they were doing with the film medium , the gap between expectation and is even more shocking .
the two wizards are yoked with the dull task of providing visuals for a bunch of lyrics that move at a snail 's pace .
so here comes another posturing tableaux that belies complexity or thought .
whatever is happening visually or in viewers minds is over quickly , so we wait around starved for content , while various singers make silly , and squeeze in every note of another narratively aria ... and we endure crowds unwilling to move on until they rhyme and shout another chorus of no consequence to the plot .
thought and action come to a complete standstill .
and we get visuals like .
if you go in with an open mind , 20 minutes in ( as with ` the red shoes ' ) it 's clear there 's not a chance this material is going to produce a film as deep , stimulating or engaging as black narcissus .
40 minutes into the pointless story of the automated olympia i was already dreading the other two pieces in this , and whatever linking material i 'd have to endure .

-1
i have a lot of admiration for michael powell and being a conductor , i wanted very much to see his tales of hoffmann .
i 've rarely been so disappointed !
- if you are a film director student or a fan of old movies , i highly recommend you to watch his other movies such as `` a matter of life and death `` / `` stairway to heaven `` , `` a canterbury tale `` , `` black narcissus `` or `` the life and death of colonel blimp `` .
this one would only disappoint your sophisticated taste because it is utterly out of fashion and not even revolutionary for its time .
- if you are an opera buff like me , you 'll hate it for several reasons : offenbach 's score has always been a problem in terms of musical accuracy and legitimacy .
some conductors have edited the manuscript ( fully discovered only recently after decades of persevering research from many musicologists ) , some have added material composed by themselves or by others .
this version is just ludicrous , it is completely manipulated and arranged for a cinema version .
but that is not the worst : sir thomas beecham 's conducting is a heavy bore in many parts ( dreadful overture for example ) .
the singing is in english and not in french !
although , it was the fashion in those times to sing operas in the language of the country where it was performed and not in the original language : total heresy !
at last , the voices are terrible : the tenor is way too light for hoffmann and could never sing such a demanding role on stage , giulietta is often flat , antonia has the voice of a goat , and olympia should rather sing the soundtrack of snow white .
- if you do n't know opera and want to discover this beautiful work , please avoid this !
it wo n't make you appreciate it , it does n't even remotely give justice to offenbach 's masterpiece .
i ca n't recommend any version in particular as there are never flawless ( wait for mine : ) but the brian large 's with domingo will be more likely to make you love the music .

-1
one of the least funny `` comedies `` i 've ever seen .
i ca n't believe the imdb rating for this is so close to that of the original `` captain kidd `` ( 1945 ) .
i like charles laughton but this is just beneath him .
if you want to see him in a truly funny , witty comedy , check out `` ruggles of red gap `` ( 1935 ) .
fran warren 's singing is just about the only highlight here .
i was quite annoyed when one of her songs was interrupted for more stupid gags .
her romantic subplot and `` characterization `` ( haha ) is practically non-existent , but at least her musical numbers ( as forgettable as the songs are ) provide a respite from the rest of the idiocy .
i 'm not big on abbott and costello , but i assume this is near the end of their career , and they 've done better work ?
they 'd never be so famous if `` meet captain kidd `` was typical for them , right ?
recommended if you enjoy obvious physical `` humour `` , childish slapstick , lame running gags ( more like , tired limping gags ) , just plain bad writing , amateurish directing/editing , and what seems like a constant background noise of pirates yelling along with a clunky musical score which seems to desperately implore , `` laugh here !
please ?
are we having fun yet ? ``
i almost feel sorry for this movie .
but i feel sorrier for myself and anyone else who tries to get through it .
i 've read that warner 's done some grand restoration which they 're planning to release on dvd .
although i normally hate to see films deteriorate like this one has , not taken care of over the years ... this is such a bad movie , i ca n't help feeling it 's not worth the time and expense !
so many better movies deserve rescuing more than this piece of crap .
but i suppose a & c are bankable names and even their weakest ( to put it kindly ) stuff will sell ... which is all warner bros. cares about .
i hope my review encourages some people to save their money .
, mateys !
hide your loot from those cutthroats who would rob you !
and remember , my `` clever `` pirate reference just now , is more hilarious than all the jokes in `` meet captain kidd `` , put together .
yes , it 's that bad .

-1
now and then a badly made film is so incredibly inept that it becomes hilariously funny and attains cult movie status .
but for the most part , badly made films are just bad plain and simple , and bela lugosi meets a brooklyn gorilla is a case in point .
the story line is similar to the films of the 1940s .
two entertainers accidentally walk out of an airplane in flight and find themselves on a strange tropical island .
how strange is it ?
well , it 's so strange that bela lugosi lives there , and he 's trying to find a way to turn men into monkeys .
one of the native girls is the banana of lugosi 's eye , and when she takes a fancy to one of the stranded song-and-dance men you can pretty much bet the guy is about to become a laboratory experiment .
the problem with the movie is n't so much the story as it is the actual script , which is dreadful , and the cast , which is worse .
the lines are dumb rather than funny and the cast -- most notably sammy petrillo in his jerry lewis imitation -- is abrasive rather than funny .
petrillo 's partner in this crime is actor duke mitchell , who is equally tiresome as a low-rent imitation of dean martin .
as for bela lugosi , he may get title billing , but there 's not much to the role , and that may actually be for the best .
there are several dvd releases of this film , some with bonuses , some without , some good quality prints , some lousy .
but to my mind it does n't matter : no matter how you look at this thing , it 's worth paying money so you do n't have to watch it .
a cult favorite ?
i do n't know who gives it that accolade , but believe me when i say they can have it .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

-1
i watched this movie at a bad movie festival that included `` plan nine from outer space `` .
plan 9 made me laugh my head off ; this one caused me to look at my watch every two minutes to try to see how much longer it could possibly last .
the most unfunny comedy i have ever seen ; it was n't even unintentionally funny .

-1
no movie seems too awful for someone to claim status for it .
i suppose we must each draw our own lines in our own way .
i think i must draw one here .
bela lugosi meets a brooklyn gorilla has all the ingredients for a fun d-grade movie -- bad script , bad sets , bad acting , a gorilla , etc . .
however , it is so devoid of any spark of creativity that it offended even my meager aesthetic sense .
in the pantheon of soft drinks , if such an erection were ever raised , this film would be , vanilla , diet crown cola : a cheap , shameless , tasteless rip-off .
it plagiarizes the `` abbott and costello meet ... `` movies and those by that other comedy duo ( lewis and clark , was it ?
) , and just about anything else it can exploit .
i only watched bela lugosi meets a brooklyn gorilla because it had that dracula guy in it .
i forget his name .
but the waning count is only dribbled out for his notoriety and is completely wasted here ( although having the old bela pawing nona , the island maiden , does produce the only moment in the movie that is creepy ... but not in the spooky way ) .
even given all of this , i may have let slide with three stars -- well , it does have bela lugosi and a gorilla , two actually , and a chimp -- until the ending pushed it under the bottom : they could n't be bothered to come up with one !
i hope none of this is off putting .
i 'm sure many people will find this movie , maybe flat out ` ig , ' and de gustibus non est disputandum .

-1
bela lugosi is one of my favorite horror stars and i always watched all his films , this particular one i do not remember .
however , the film was selling for one dollar on a dvd and i decided i had nothing to lose .
jerry lewis & dean martin acts were copied by duke mitchell , `` baby face nelson `` , and sonny petrillo , `` shangri la `` , ' 61 , they did a great job of imitating their act and the singing is better left with dean martin .
they make fun of a rather fat lady , which i thought was stupid , as well as , the entire picture .
bela lugosi made a come back after a long period of unemployment and the use of drugs , and he was the only person with great acting abilities .
just simply have to stand up to bela lugosi and his life of being a type cast actor !

-1
martin landau was correct in his assessment that this film makes bela lugosi 's ed films look like `` gone with the wind `` in comparison .
bela gets a top billing here , but in truth he merely plays second fiddle to a martin and lewis ripoff duo who are quite literally the two most annoying characters in all the movies ever made .
i 'm not familiar with any of the dean martin and jerry lewis comedies , but after seeing this film i 'm not in a hurry to acquire any of them .
duke mitchell , the , has all the charm of a urinal in a men 's public bathroom , and his singing voice is akin to that of elvis presley with a chest cold crooning into a cardboard paper tube .
his friend sammy petrillo makes for such bad , loud , ugly , unfunny , and downright wretched comic relief that he makes jar jar binks look like hannibal lecter .
with his hideous facial features and shrill , high-pitched , i ca n't imagine why anyone would put him in a motion picture , as opposed to putting him in the woods , in an unmarked grave at midnight .
there is n't very much to say about lugosi ; he plays his mad scientist character with what appears to be a constant look of shame for being involved in such a dumb film .
there are jungle natives , stock footage animals , a fat girl who keeps chasing petrillo , et al . .
if you value your sanity and well-being , skip this one .

-1
a splendid example of how hollywood could ( and still can ) take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul it up .
in the case of `` the big sky , `` writer dudley nichols and company arrogantly assumed they could improve upon a classic pioneer novel by the pulitzer prize-winning author , a.b . guthrie .
in so doing , they removed the soul of the story and any edge and impact it may have had as a film adaptation .
the epic nature of guthrie 's book and the evolution of its main character , boone caudill , from a naive , kentucky lad into a hardened and competent man , has been replaced with a riverboat farce that bears little resemblance to the author 's intent .
in the movie version , boone 's presence is nothing except underwhelming .
intriguing and even shocking plot elements that give guthrie 's novel impact and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason whatsoever .
most puzzling of all is the emphasis placed upon the zeb calloway character , who was an incidental , minor character in the book , only occupying a handful of pages .
on the other hand , a very important and fascinating character , dick summers , the veteran pioneer , is missing altogether ! ! !
it is also apparent that director hawks decided the zeb character in the movie , played by actor hunnicutt , was n't irritating enough .
so was given a significant amount of time doing that obnoxious , voice-over narration that is the hollywood short cut for incompetent screen writing , editing , and direction .
some movies have actually improved upon the books upon which they were based ( william wyler 's `` ben-hur `` is an excellent example ) .
but this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel but as a film unto itself .
the story is dull and clichã©d , and the characters - at least the ones that have not been edited out of the script - are just shallow and boring shadows of guthrie 's literary vision .
and unfortunately , kirk douglas ' star appeal , which could have helped lift this film , was scuttled by the role he was given .
if you can believe it , the film version of guthrie 's pulitzer prize-winning sequel , `` the way west , `` also starring kirk , is even worse .
in my opinion , `` the big sky `` further solidifies howard hawks ' place as one of the most overrated , tepid directors in the history of cinema .

-1
we 've come a long way , baby , when tripe like this was considered a big deal , and betty hutton was the highest-paid actress of the year .
so desperate to be was she , on screen , that she could n't utter , `` hello ! ``
without mugging .
she has not one believable moment .
a total mystery , as a short-lived `` star `` and `` actress , `` since she always hit one hammy bombastic note in her films and stayed there .
and charlton heston ?
what can one say about a career that seems to have been an endless audition for `` ben-hur `` ( in which he was perfectly cast , and superb ) , and afterwards seems to have been a plea to , `` remember me in ` ben-hur ' ? ``
the supporting cast , uh , `` supports `` just fine .
james stewart , as always , provides layers and nuance to a cardboard character and draws more emotion from his brief scenes than anybody .
gloria grahame looks believably sexy ( again , as always ) and provides the film 's tense high-point -- as an elephant delicately positions its foot over her famous overbite and its `` trainer `` threatens to take things further by crushing her .
dorothy lamour , already too long in the tooth for on screen `` l'amour , `` is game as usual .
cornel wilde is terrific and affecting , both before and after his fall .
the `` special effects , `` for which de mille was famous , are pathetic .
the miniature train collision could have been filmed by a child at home in the den .
the `` green screen `` shots did n't work then , and do n't work now .
but what the heck .
everybody got paid well .
and `` the greatest show on earth `` survives as evidence of what ballyhoo and p.t . barnum are all about .
`` there 's a sucker born every minute . ``

-1
high noon is one of the most overrated movies of all time .
it is an anti-western for , to paraphrase andrew sarris .
it is the kind of western people who do n't see westerns tend to like .
aesthetically , it is slow and talky and for the most part without tension .
narratively , it is frustrating and laughable to see a western `` hero `` act so spineless .
( howard hawks made rio bravo as a direct response to this picture , telling the same story but in reverse : everyone wants to help john wayne but he wo n't let them !
) the `` real-time `` gimmick is just that -- a gimmick .
and it results in showing many scenes which in and of themselves are dull and talky -- not what you want in a western .
furthermore , if you watch the film carefully , you will see that it `` cheats `` -- it in fact is not told 100 % in real time .
but that really does n't matter , as it 's a totally arbitrary device anyway .
ironically , the one scene in the picture that really does work is the `` clock montage `` towards the end , which builds tension through cutting .
the rest of the time , zinneman follows around cooper listlessly .
and cooper gives another wooden performance .
he was a movie star but never a great actor .
it 's easy to spend time watching this movie thinking , `` why does n't cooper just get on with it ?
why run around crying for help ?
why does n't the movie itself get on with it ? ``
there are dozens of better westerns .
here are a few .
i defy anyone to see these movies and think high noon is more enjoyable , exciting , or involving : winchester ' 73 , the naked spur , bend of the river , the man from laramie , the tall t , ride lonesome , seven men from now , comanche station , the searchers , the wild bunch , man of the west ( and this one stars cooper !
) , run of the arrow , shane , she wore a yellow ribbon ... etc etc . .

-1
just picked up this film for a buck at national wholesale , and after watching it , i feel like i got ripped-off .
i do n't know that i 've seen a worse film than this .
honestly .
and i would never write a negative review of a film had i not such enormous respect for the subject matter , that is , stephen foster and his music .
first , what is it ?
it 's a musical biography ?
yeah , lot 's of tunes by foster then interspersed here and there are these numbers that reek more than the mississippi delta .
i mean , somebody got paid to write this drivel ?
secondly , the real story of foster is a fascinating one .
why not even come close to it ?
thirdly , what did they have on the great ray middleton to get him to do this film ?
pictures of him with small boys ? ?
with communists ?
what a waste of a great talent .
so , friends of foster , and the truth , and good entertainment , be afraid ... be very , very , afraid .

-1
i had recorded `` the lavender hill mob `` and thought that this was bound to be good .
the guardian tv guide said it was a `` sublime ealing comedy with an oscar-winning script . ``
the august edition of uncut magazine gave it 5 stars and told us that the director charles crichton `` seduces with his charmingly angled take on post-war london `` .
ok , that does n't exactly have you foaming at the mouth with anticipation but everyone knows the ealing comedies are brilliant .
everyone .
ninety minutes or so later i sat in my chair stunned into silence .
it was n't a revelatory stunning such as a really great movie can give you .
this was a mind-numbingly bored , ca n't believe i just watched that , did they swap the real film for a bogus film , pass the whiskey bottle quick type of stunned .
how could so many people be so wrong ?
why have they lied to me about this `` sublime `` film ?
is it me ?
i think that the facts speak otherwise .
so first let me say that alec obi-wan guinness and stanley holloway act well and that there is a nice chiaroscuro effect reminiscent of german expressionist cinema during a scene in a cellar workshop at night .
other good points are ... ... oh , i 'm sorry , there are n't any other good points .
what about the bad points then ?
the whole thing is set in dreary post-war london and is faithfully dreary throughout -- the clothes , the buildings , the people , the acting , everything is dreary to the nth degree .
the plot is unremarkable , the script pedestrian .
the lighting and camera-work is uninspired .
there are only one and a half laughs in the entire film and they are more slightly and elliptically amusing than downright funny laughs .
there are no pretty women ( oh , sorry audrey hepburn appears for 3.7 seconds early on and then disappears but i did n't count this ) , all the men are nerds of the unfunny type and the action looks like it was filmed by the technical crew from crossroads .
i 've seen bergman films that are funnier than this .
recently i heard someone on the radio drawing a parallel between ealing comedies and modern british comedies like 4 weddings and a funeral and not the full monty .
i think that they are right about this .
in 40 years time people will see british films of the 1990 's and be completely mystified as to how anyone could find most of them either interesting or funny .
weddings , monty , lavender hill -- all weak jokes based around the english class system that we are supposed to find endearing and funny but which actually practice a deep and nastily patronising attitude to the working and middle classes .
there is no affection for ordinary people in these films just a thinly-disguised disdain .
come the revolution and i 'll be lining these films up in wembley stadium , along with all film trailers , for termination with extreme prejudice .

-1
this could have been an interesting science fiction film : no special effects , no space ships , no flesh and blood monsters .
it could have been a tale about contact with beings from another world .
instead , it was made as a cold war pot boiler , complete with highly principled americans with religious fervor and evil empire russians who are not about to tolerate religious worship .
was it just an accident that the character of the president of the u.s. bears a striking resemblance to dwight eisenhower ?
and the film was made in 1952 ... the year before ike became president .
the story had real possibilities , including another scientist ( than the peter graves character ) who was involved in the contact with beings on mars , which could have made for a thinking person 's film about communication .
while there were very real fears and international conflict in 1952 , the producers gave in to the red scare and made a period piece out of what could have been a thoughtful movie .

-1
this is a movie about a different planet .
that planet would be the planet earth of 1952 .
the cold war was in full swing , and paranoia was at its height .
yes , it was `` the end of history `` ( oh , really , again ?
) and everything was so important , and everyone was so self-important .
this pile of leavings disguised as a movie started off as a very serious stage play by a very serious playwright .
60 years later , it is a joke to be laughed at and mocked .
the worst of part of is not its religious orientation , its anti-communist propaganda , or its self-righteous attitude ( although all those aspects of it are definitely awful ) .
the worst part of red planet mars , from the perspective of a film viewer , is its insufferable self-seriousness and pomposity .
that attitude sends this disaster flinging itself into almost plan nine from outer space territory .
i 'm sure the screenwriter thought his use of jesus christ references was subtle and restrained .
if he was of such an opinion , he was way off .
i 'll spare the reader of this review any direct dialog quotes , since none of them were as funny as anything from plan nine from outer space , just overdone and ridiculous .
i 'd like to also grouse about the plot point that these purported messages from mars would destroy all industries almost immediately .
coal miners would shut down profit making enterprises due to a few supposed technological advances that might be coming ?
the commodities markets would collapse due to food growing techniques on another planet that we on earth could have no possible access to ?
i do n't think so .
as they say , follow the money .
the capitalists in charge would surely keep their businesses running until they had wrung out the last possible cent they could .
and if these industries were to collapse , i would n't have any problems seeing coal miners forced to do something else .
it 's a lousy job and it destroys the environment anyway .
but i 'm sure this was all to play into the paranoia of the contemporary audience , and i 'm sure it was effective to some members of that audience .
yes , this is a valuable piece of history as a blatantly right science fiction epic , which are admittedly rather thin on the ground .
but this movie just proves why they are so few .
right wingers are very bad at comedy , but right wingers also produce some really overwrought and useless science fiction .
case in point here .
science fiction is all about progress .
conservatism is about `` returning to a better time `` in the past , which never really existed .
this movies proves that .

-1
apparently , 1952 was the year the big guy finally got broadcasting rights in the us .
because movies like the next voice you hear ( 1952 ) and this one managed to put god in direct communication with us mere mortals courtesy the hollywood hotline .
of course , it really helped when the big guy enlisted on our side against the godless commies , while his presence also helped clean up hollywood 's image as a commie harboring red nest .
you might even call his intervention a godsend for the film industry .
actually , this 90-minutes is to effective propaganda what the sledgehammer is to the fly swatter .
at least , its companion movie ( the next ... ) had the good sense to avoid the obvious , like crude stereotypes .
on the other hand , this concoction has no such inhibitions .
commies are uniformly beasts , russian peasants are uniformly downtrodden , and americans are uniformly thoughtful .
i do n't know what soviet propaganda was like at the time , but it could n't have been much cruder than this .
i will say the movie is well mounted visually .
in fact , the skillful complexity of some of the visuals clashes with the simple-mindedness of the script .
on the whole , i wish i could say this propaganda piece is nothing more than a clumsy cold war artifact .
but it 's not .
unfortunately , it feeds into that current sense of smug self-congratulation that goes by the popular meme of american exceptionalism .

-1
it does n't age well .
no real plot -- bing cosby and bob hope fall into `` hilarious `` misadventures with princess dorothy lamour .
now this is colorful and fast moving ... but it just is n't good .
the jokes are bad and very dated ( `` sadie thompson slept here `` ? ? ? ?
) and not even remotely funny .
it 's also chock full of incredible sexism ( some of the lines had me cringing and every woman was falling for cosby and hope -- who were in their 50s ) and pointless song and dances .
cosby + hope 's opening number shows us why vaudeville died and poor lamour is introduced singing a terrible number with ridiculous moves ( and half nude dancing girls there for no reason whatsoever ) .
crosby does have one good romantic song and the three of them have a fairly humorous song but that 's it .
everything else is lame and tired .
hope and cosby were great in their time but it 's long since passed .
cosby did have a beautiful voice and some great songs -- hope also had his songs and some very funny comedy but none are evident in this movie .
lamour is just there for the men to ogle .
the only amusing parts here were a few asides to the audience but i really did n't laugh once .
tired , dull , sexist and unfunny .
sadly i have to give this a 1 .

-1
i know this film is considered a classic among classics , but as a knowledgeable fan of 1920 's music , i always thought this film was the most typically bad example of rewriting late 1920 's / early 1930 's history .
yes , the settings and costumes are more proper to the period than other films , but the arrangements of the music is strictly 1952 .
also , i must put in a plug ; i have always thought that gene kelly was the most overrated of that era .
so , while i 'm sure that my comments wo n't change anyone else 's love for this movie , i , for one , have always thought it was another typical 1950 's musical attempt at history with no grains of truth .

-1
i know this is going to be contentious , but i hated this film .
i 'm a fan of musicals , but this is by far the worst musical i 've ever seen .
i only carried on after the first half hour because my wife came to watch ( and ridicule ) it with me .
.
otherwise i could not have taken any more .
i found it so boring that i did n't care one bit what the ending was going to be - i was ready to go out for dinner , but my wife said she was at least curious to know the ending .
it 's musicals like `` singin ' in the rain `` that help give musicals a bad rep amongst the young imo - people bursting into cheesy , pointless songs , with ridiculous , goofy expressions on their faces while doing slapstick dance routines that make you want to cringe with embarrassment .
it was all so silly - over-the-top acting at every turn , cosmo 's clowning around downright embarrassing , and some of the cheesiest effects imaginable in the dance routines .
as far as being a comedy , there 's more good humour in the first 5 minutes of phantom of the opera than there is in sitr .
the only scene of any worth at all is the title song , which is understandably a classic scene .
but the film itself is just horrible .
it embodies everything i do n't like about old musicals .
another `` classic `` movie i hope i never have to sit through again .
ugh .
2/10 .

-1
sophia loren plays aida , in one of the worst films of all time .
she ca n't lipsync .
in terms of production values , the film is so bad , that at one point , while loren is mouthing `` o patria mia , `` she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support , and the canvas set billows and shakes .

-1
oh boy !
i really trashed manhunt in space .
i think this deservedly rates worse than manhunt .
it goes nowhere and fungi growth was more exciting than this tripe .
poor cleolanta .
she 's so misunderstood .
smug rocky struts around and thankfully , there 's no mention from winky about his `` gay nightlife `` .
there 's a lot more talking , a really awful ( to watch ) space marriage on the rocks , and crappy space effects cut-outs .
then , there 's bobby .
you decide who 's more annoying : bobby or the ?
personally , i 'd jettison them out of an airlock into a black hole not before first subjecting them to killer flesh eating alien mutants .
at least there 's vena .
she 's just a cosmic girl !

-1
this film is an extra on the alpha video release of `` sin you sinners `` .
i am actually surprised , as `` dance hall racket `` is n't even mentioned on the dvd cover -- though it is clearly the better film ( `` sin you sinners `` is reeeally bad ) .
and , unlike `` sin you sinners `` , a few of the ` dames ' in `` dance hall racket `` are actually nice looking ladies -- whereas the ones in `` sin you sinners `` are enough to kill anyone 's sex drive ... permanently !
both films clearly earn scores of 1 -- though if i could give one lower to `` sin you sinners `` , i would !
considering that this film stars timothy farrell , you can safely assume the film is crap .
this ` actor ' has the distinction of having appeared in such classics of dreck cinema as `` test tube babies `` , `` the violent years `` and ed wood 's masterpieces `` jail bait `` and `` glen or glenda `` !
surely this is a record for awfulness that few , if any , actors can match !
and , watching his smooth yet sleazy character is pretty entertaining , as i am a bad movie aficionado .
on top of farrell , the film also is pretty weird because it was written by lenny bruce ... and he even is one of the stars of this ultra-low budget movie !
his wife , honey , even got a starring role as a sexy b-girl .
there is also a character named ` punky ' ( bernie jones ) -- who might be one of the most obnoxious characters i 've seen in many years .
his routine is pretty sad -- with a terrible fake swedish accent , a goofy pinky hat and no discernible talent .
he is meant as comic relief , but he 's about as funny as watching a cat coughing up a hairball !
he and most of the rest of the male actors are supposed to be sailors , but not a one of them looks or acts anything like you 'd expect from such characters .
the film is about a dance hall that is run by farrell .
it 's a where drunks are routinely robbed and drugs are sold by this mobster who is cleverly called ` boss ' throughout the film !
along the way , you see a bit of skin -- hot stuff for 1953 but very , very , very tame when seen today .
so with all these terrible actors and no budget whatsoever , is this movie any good ?
well , no ... but at least it 's not 100 % terrible -- though this is hardly a glowing endorsement !
the film was clearly meant as an exploitation movie -- with cat-fights , skin , sleaze galore and dames ... lots and lots of dames !
and , if you like very bad exploitation films , it is worth seeing -- it is fascinating viewing -- sort of like a train wreck !
however , for the average viewer , it 's best to steer clear of this grade-z monstrosity -- it 's a real turkey .
by the way , although i really have seen very , very little of lenny bruce on screen , this film and his short `` thank you mask man `` are enough to make me doubt those who have proclaimed him as a misunderstood genius .
i certainly have n't yet seen anything resembling genius from his films .
perhaps you just had to catch his infamous stand-up act .

-1
this has to be one of the worst films ever committed to the cinema , its so bad its a fabulous treat for bad movie buffs , never in the history of ed wood could he come up with this beauty , in fact i 'd guess he saw this and went on to fame on his own .
there is tough slangy talk and a hilarious cat fight and a performance by the late great lenny bruce that verges on the impossible , his jerry lewis like take just has to be seen to be believed !
, i would recommend this movie to anyone who is a bad movie buff , my personal worst ever movie was mesa of the lost women but this has replaced it , its available now on dvd so rush out to your local store and demand it !
.

-1
the uks channel 4 tv is showing a series of ww2 action films .
they vary in quality , but this is the worst so far .
the acting is wooden , the film is clichã©d , the screenplay is lazy and the mongolian culture is so insulted by hollywood 's 1950s image of indigenous peoples .
look at the wonderful family film ` the cave of the yellow dog ' to see the mongols as they wish to be viewed .
find some wonderful films starring richard widmark ( how the west was won , judgement at nuremberg or the alamo for example ) rather than this rubbish .
whilst everett freeman was a prolific hollywood writer , this was edmond g. love 's only film .
i am not surprised to see a long list of uncredited actors .
robert wise was such an accomplished director , he must have been very inexperienced to do this work .
he went on to direct classics like west side story , the sound of music and even star trek .
this should be allowed to slip away uncredited to protect his good name.i can not give more than 1 out of 10 .

-1
pointless ( and deadly dull ) short film by kenneth anger .
it involves a small woman ( called the water witch i believe ) wandering around this place with tons of gushing water .
then at the end she becomes a fountain .
swear to god -- that 's it !
anger 's early films are an acquired taste .
i did like `` fireworks `` , `` moment `` and `` rabbits moon `` but the popularity of this has always escaped me .
i 've seen it multiple times and ( more often than not ) found myself struggling to stay awake !
anger 's beautiful imagery seems to be missing here .
just a bunch of gushing water and a midget running around in a bizarre outfit is not enough to keep me interested .
how this got on the list of film to be preserved is beyond me .
`` fireworks `` is much better than this -- but i guess `` fireworks `` is too homo erotic .
i personally ca n't stand this one but many others seem to think it 's a masterpiece .
use your own judgment .

-1
british mystery `` quota `` movie equivalent to hollywood b 's .
this one was more equivalent to a z .
the production values are so cheap but it is the script that is a stupid wooden formula thing with so many obvious flaws in it .
the story is about museum artwork being stolen by replacing real paintings with fakes .
this sounds interesting but trust me this rendition seemed like it was written by a 10 year old .
it is nothing but a compilation of clichã©s and formulas .
if the tate museum had such lax security ... people crawling through windows in the boiler room -- million dollar paintings with no alarms -- all of their artwork would have been stolen .
do not recommend

-1
the scenery in this movie is beautiful - a gorgeous backdrop of niagara falls could have that effect on any movie .
but when that 's the best part of the movie , you 're in trouble .
i personally was bored while watching this .
i thought they could have played up marilyn 's plot line a bit better - it felt like a lot of what happened was connected to small events .
without having her aspects of the plot line played up , the film seemed to fall apart and be confusing .
watching it , i could n't comprehend why so-and-so was doing this and why such-and-such did that .
if you want to see a marilyn monroe film , try `` the seven year itch `` , `` some like it hot `` or `` the misfits `` .
heck , most of her films ( as many as i 've seen at least ) are better than this .
you kind of have to understand that at this point in her career , monroe was just starting to get real recognition ( this is debatable , however ) .
she was contractually obligated to make so many films , and this was one of them .
it was n't a high point in her career for me .

-1
nowadays you ca n't swing a dead cat without hitting a stodgy , fussy film critic who , yearning for the golden age of films , whines endlessly about vapid summer blockbusters that solely depend on eye-candy .
it 's great to know that vapid blockbusters plagued that age of film as well .
such is the case with `` niagara `` , an astonishingly suspenseless film noir where the eye candy in this case is marilyn monroe playing a bored femme fatale out to bump off george loomis , her funeral dirge of a husband .
this murder plot draws the cutlers , a vacationing couple .
she 's a meek little mouse , and he 's that worst type of nerd - the one who his jokes out loud because he thinks he 's clever .
he also subjugates his wife by convincing her that she 's crazy whenever the need arises - which it does in this film .
yes - marilyn monroe is very attractive .
yes - niagara falls is beautiful .
but the pacing of this film is interminable .
we 're never given a reason to give a fig about the cutlers or the loomises , and any time that could be used for character development is squandered on training the camera on ms. monroe as she performs the most mundane of activities .
and just when we get sick of annoying braying nerd , the film gives us ... another annoying braying nerd .
but larger .
and louder .
my first warning of this film 's occurred when gerd oswald was listed in the credits as assistant director .
who is gerd oswald , you ask ?
only the director of `` agent for `` , a crappy james bond knock-off which was lampooned on `` mystery science theatre 3000 `` .
this quip of michael j. nelson 's easily applies to `` niagara `` : `` gerd your ; it 's gon na be a rough one . ``
3 out of ... no .
no , there 's too many positive reviews for this film .
folks , you can resume drooling over marilyn once you 've learned to call a spade a spade .
1/10 .
i 'm gon na go wash out this `` classic `` with a healthy dose of `` sleepaway camp `` .
and i 'll be the better for it .

-1
the alien , plot and characters in this w. lee wilder travesty are not just transparent , not just invisible , in truth , they practically do not exist .
w. lee wilder , brother of the talented william wilder , continued his descent into low-budget sci fi cinema oblivion with 1953 ' phantom from space .
casting actors with names like nora nash and sandy sanders , our fearless director solved the age old problem of having no budget by creating a film which really required no budget - he left out the action , any need for special effects , and , for the most part - the plot .
the `` phantom `` is an alien who has crash landed on earth .
capable of intergalactic travel , but ca n't avoid crashing on an inhabited planet among thousands of uninhabited ones ?
ok ... ) he wears an unremarkable space suit and seems on a quest for something .
by the time `` the authorities `` - various military personnel , a clichã© german scientist , and some newspaper reporters - figure out what is going on , `` the phantom `` comes to them , apparently for the sole purpose of taking off his clothes to reveal that he is , in fact , invisible .
the story reveals how all this is possible and what it means , but it is not worth typing out .
it is a pseudoscientific muddle that would only convince the most undereducated .
might have been improved by consultation with an actual scientist !
the story involves no real action and is driven entirely by the lackluster script ( most of the characters being somewhat interchangeable ) .
there is a tremendous amount of dryly delivered flat dialog and very little to see .
most of the action takes place off-camera and is explained by seemingly disinterested observers .
the end of the film is the only part which had any real potential and , had it been attached to a different film , might have been really dramatic .
nevertheless , it is worth sticking around for if you 've managed to survive the rest of the film - or you could just fast-forward .

-1
yes , this is one of the worst of the worst .
i just watched it on a dvd i bought for a buck .
its mostly just talk , talk , talk .
then , when the alien arrives and things pick up a bit you realize you miss the talk ! ! ! ! !
i love b sci-fi movies from the fifties but this one is only interesting for the fact that there is nothing interesting in this movie .
the only decent acting is by the guy with the bandage on his head who survived the initial alien attack .
the director made a wise choice by taking off the aliens spacesuit ( which was unbearably hokey ) .
there is a bit of cool trivia here though , harry landers who played police lt. bowers was a guest star on the very last broadcast of the original star trek series .
he played dr. coleman .
pretty cool i guess , he can claim he was in one of the absolute worse hollywood sci-fi productions and the best ever made for television .

-1
for years i 've been wishing and hoping to see dorothy dandridge in `` remains to be seen `` on dvd .
i 've only seen a short clip of dorothy 's stunning night club number and it is a visual knock out !
lena horne 's movie appearances were largely confined to such cameo scenes which could easily be extracted for southern audiences whose only acceptable image of a black woman was an grinning eye popping big black mammy in a head rag serving `` miss charlotte `` .
still ruby dandridge ( dorothy 's `` mommie dearest `` ) made a good point when she quipped , `` it 's better to play a maid than be a maid . ``
maybe daughter dorothy used the same logic years later when she decided to play a slave in `` `` ... or maybe it was a simple choice `` to work or not to work `` since dd was offered no leading roles after `` carmen `` .
there was just no decent work for a beautiful colored girl in hollywood in those days and things have n't really changed that much .
halle berry , dorothy dandridge reincarnated , still faces and fights racism and typecasting at the myth factory .
why does n't mgm release this dud solely for avid dandrige fans like me who would gobble it up ?
i also look forward to seeing a restored `` `` and `` porgy and bess `` on dvd .
other dandridge movies that have not been released on dvd include `` blues for a junkman `` ( tv ) / `` murder men `` ( european version scenes ) `` `` the decks ran red `` `` bright road `` `` four shall die `` `` malaga `` and `` marco polo `` .

-1
another example of the bonkers scoring system on imdb which is not to be relied on .
childish , embarrassing , trivial , without depth of character or intelligent dialogue .
it quickly became unwatchable , with holden like a fish out water in a different film in awkward contrast .
in comparison , the early scene in the colditz story where polish soldiers surprise new british arrivals with beer , humour in 3 languages and then have to disappear under the bed actually made me laugh .
do n't bother with stalag , another duff inclusion in the term classic movie .

-1
* spoilers * this movie was made by jean negulesco in ' 53 , and is basically one of the worst titanic movies ever made , if not * the * worst .
we have a bickering couple ( barbara stanwyck and clifton webb ) along with daughter ( audrey dalton ) who predictably finds love ( robert wagner ) and little son , molly brown ( thelma ritter ) and a lot of other people i 'm supposed to care about but i do n't .
it 's the zenith of boredom !
then , the iceberg hits , and so does stupidity !
the boy runs from the lifeboat back on the sinking ship ?
to die with his father ?
please !
and then , everybody still on board sings ` nearer my god to thee ' and does n't move an inch as the ship sinks ?
what the hell were they smoking ?
titanic ( 1953 ) : starring clifton webb , barbara stanwyck , robert wagner , audrey dalton , richard basehart , thelma ritter , brian , allyn joslyn , james todd , james o'hara , william johnstone , frances bergen , charles b. , barry bernard , helen van , dennis frazer , ashley cowan , roy gordon , marta , goulding , harper carter , merry anders , john costello , eugene borden , donald chaffin , nicolas coaster , john dodsworth , conrad , gloria gordon , ralph , sam harris , charles keane , robin hughes , mae marsh , alan marston , , harold miller , gordon negulesco , screenplay charles brackett , richard l. breen , walter reisch ... all wasted .
avoid it at all costs !
titanic ( 1953 ) : 1/10 .

-1
my wife and i were able to see this film at a cold and venue such as is only proper for a local film club .
my wife dozed fitfully throughout but i was cursed with a bout of insomnia .
this is a very dull film by any standards and the static cinematography does not do justice to what could well be ravishingly beautiful shots of post-war japan .
the acting is extremely mannered .
the dialogue ( though this could be the fault of the translation ) is some of the most clichã©d i have ever seen in a movie .
worst of all though , i believe tokyo story suffers from a problem that many modern american blockbusters exhibit .
as a viewer i got the message loud and clear by the time the old couple leave tokyo and everything after that was superfluous .
i could n't believe how many extra scenes followed .
apart from the daughter-in-law , all the children are ungrateful brats .
yes , thank you .
it 's obvious how badly they are all going to act when the mother dies and showing it is just an insult to our intelligence .
`` stop the film `` i wanted to cry out time and time again .
a good example of the redundancy is right at the end : shot of old man looking lonely ; shot of river ; shot of old man ; shot or river ; closer shot of river .
i can only think that you need a much closer affinity with japanese culture to understand the subtleties .
either that or be a pretentious film critic .
i would also add that i do not consider myself to a philistine or addicted to modern action films .
i am in my fifties and have a very wide taste in film .
's film is one of my all time favourites and it has a lot in common with tokyo story but imho it is superior in every aspect to this over-rated and stupendously dull movie .

-1
i was expecting a b-movie french musical .
after all , dhã©ry , blanche , were superstars of low budget french films of that time .
and it is in color !
but i have hallucination in this unbelievable one hour 30 of pure mediocrity .
musical numbers are awful , and comedy is absolutely boring and stupid .
and the songs ?
what songs ?
this is just a succession of bad numbers , one after another .
the only one very rare thing about that thing is the nudity of women .
it was not familiar at that time .
in fact , some numbers are just there to show us topless women .
it adds to the mediocrity !
and try to find young michel serrault , the future great actor of french cinema , in a bit part as a musician , in his very first movie .
good luck !

-1
without a doubt `` devil girl from mars `` is the single worst science fiction movie i have ever seen .
it is n't the low budget or small cast .
`` the man from earth `` was made with a smaller cast , fewer sets and with no special effects , yet i 'd rank it as sublime .
this movie lacked something critical , and that was a decent script .
it did n't have even a decent premise .
it was just a chop suey of bad movie clichã©s with dialogue that made you cringe .
it had no compensating virtues .
the acting was poor , like the cast had been held hostage .
the special effects were ludicrous , even for that time period .
the robot was a joke .
it looked like a guy wearing a cardboard box suit , which it probably was .
the space ship was quite passable , but when that 's the only virtue for the movie it has little indeed .
the costume for the title character was absolutely clichã© , black evil and short tights .

-1
it is a good movie where the director tries to trick the audience , some may not be fooled .
he makes it interesting throughout most of the film but the ending was disappointing to me .
the acting was okay except for the main girl , she was good .
the very end , the director tried to add a second twist , but i think that was just kind of dumb .
it is a good movie where the director tries to trick the audience , some may not be fooled .
he makes it interesting throughout most of the film but the ending was disappointing to me .
the acting was okay except for the main girl , she was good .
the very end , the director tried to add a second twist , but i think that was just kind of dumb .

-1
the entire cast manage to give their worst-ever performances in this slow and boring , dated old film .
lewis gilbert was a competent director who never reached the front rank , unsurprisingly judging from this effort .
richard basehart and john ireland always were mediocre actors at best but the normally good gloria grahame is just awful .
laurence harvey , one of the most wooden actors imaginable , badly overplays his part .
it 's truly amazing that he got so many major roles in british and american films .
the only actor who even tries to give a decent performance is the forgotten welsh actor stanley baker .
the sets look like they 're made from paper mache .
worth watching only for the final chase at the end , or as a look back on life in england in the early 1950s .

-1
two `` hold-up boys , `` don gregor and vic brady , get caught in the act , and gregor is forced to shoot an ex-police officer .
brady plays it cool , but gregor insists that they turn themselves in .
`` we 're cop killers .
they do n't like that , `` gregor explains .
brady shoots him and hides his body behind a curtain in his kitchen .
wishing to disappear to escape the police , brady enlists the help of gregor 's father , a plastic surgeon who admits , `` plastic surgery , at times , seems to me to be very , very complicated . ``
the surgeon shows up to give brady his new face , but when he finds his son 's dead body standing ( ? ? ?
) behind a curtain in the kitchen , he decides to have a little fun with brady instead .
two weeks later , brady 's bandages come off , and he 's horrified to find whose face is underneath .
`` jail bait , `` ed wood 's attempt at gangster film noir , is unintentionally silly , ludicrous , and terribly enjoyable .
and despite what wade williams says on the back of the dvd , the script is far from clever .
other highlights include : an embarrassing racist vaudeville act ( some versions replace this scene with a striptease show because it 's apparently less offensive to degrade women as it is to degrade blacks ) laughably inappropriate spanish guitar score , and dolores fuller who is possibly the worst actress in history .

-1
edward d. wood jr. was named the worst director of all time by the global turkey awards .
this was no mistake , they were completely right .
ed wood was a really interesting guy i would have loved to have met him , it would have been great , he would have had some very interesting things to say .
it is just amazing that edward d. wood jr. managed to make so many films , you would think that his career would have stopped after the first one , i guess is that he just always worked with the same actors who would play there parts for almost nothing , he also would have a budget that was enough for him to by a nice pair of shoes and lunch .
jail bait is just a pathetic `` film `` in every aspect .
the story is so bad you wo n't watch for more than five minutes without finding a major plot hole .
the dialogue is also just horrible , one of the lines is .
cop holding out a picture `` do you recognize these two men . ``
woman `` yes . ``
cop `` would you be able to spot them in a lineup . ``
the acting is horrible , just horrible .
the direction is just as bad .
and the visual effects are amazingly bad .
i would not watch thins film again if someone payed me a hundred bucks .
one of the worst ever .

-1
clancy malone ( as don gregor ) is an `` over 21 `` juvenile delinquent ; he carries an illegal gun , gets arrested , is bailed out , and helps pal timothy farrell ( as vic brady ) commit burglaries .
mr. malone 's father herbert rawlinson ( as boris gregor ) is a very successful plastic surgeon ; later , his skill comes in handy .
blonde dolores fuller ( as marilyn gregor ) is a concerned sister .
lawmen lyle talbot ( as inspector johns ) and steve reeves ( as bob lawrence ) investigate the unfortunate circumstances surrounding malone 's criminal escapades .
strong competition for worst performance honors .
the spanish guitar is annoying .
`` cotton watts and chick `` perform the `` blackface `` act .
first feature film for herculean reeves , who gets to appear shirtless in a scene .
last feature film for mr. rawlinson .
not even good wood .
* jail bait ( 1954 ) edward d. wood jr. ~ lyle talbot , dolores fuller , herbert rawlinson

-1
since this is an ed wood production , it is n't surprising that the film totally stinks .
the usual slap-dash direction , horrible writing , the cheapest musical score in history and lousy acting all occur in this one -- so , production-wise , it 's about what you 'd expect from this master of schlock .
however , unlike his `` masterpiece `` , plan 9 from outer space , this one is bad but not all that watchable .
plan 9 is one of those films so campy and bad that it 's fun to watch with friends .
this film , frankly , is just a waste of time unless you have a perverse need to torment yourself , like i do !
despite the title of the movie , the film is not about underage girls , but concerns a stupid young man who chooses a life of crime .
the only `` sexy `` moments in this insipid film occur during a striptease scene featuring an incredibly well-built and bouncy brunette .
she is quite striking , but leaves a lot of her clothes on in a scene that was randomly inserted into the film and had nothing to do with the plot !
it was just a moment of cheap titillation and at least it helped me stay awake during this awful film .
the acting of everyone in the film was excremental ( except for screen veteran lyle talbot -- who must have acted in this and plan 9 because a family member was being held hostage by wood ) .
the young man who was the star of the film was a particularly atrocious actor and had no discernible talent .
also having a difficult time reading his lines was steve reeves ( later to play ` hercules ' in some low-budget italian films ) .
not only was n't he particularly good , but he also took off his shirt at a completely inappropriate moment just to show off his adonis-like chest !
on the positive side , the idea of how to end the film was a bit creative , but because of bad pacing and acting , what should have been a pleasant surprise and ironic moment , instead just looked forced .
all in all , this is a horrid film .
not as bad as some films of the 1950s , but only a very , very select few ! ! ! !
watch at your own risk .

-1
tcm is going crazy .
first , ` beat the devil , ' worst bogart film ever made .
when i get to heaven and meet bogie , i will not bring this title up for fear he 'll send me to hell .
next , they air ` jubilee trail , ' not a western ; rather a bad soap opera ( was there ever a good one ) ?
i wrote tcm about their frequent repeats , concentrating too much on ` stars , ' and failure to air ` cult ' films , black ( dark ) comedies and sexy foreign movies , with stars such as judy geeson ( ' ... round the mulberry bush ) , brigitte bardot ( anything ) , nicole aubrey ( seven deadly sins - which i have on dvd ) .
also , what about ` montenegro , ' best dark comedy i have ever seen .
if tcm airs movies uncut , let 's see some sex and nudity , not the american version of foreign films .
as for ` jubilee trail , ' thumbs down !

-1
i recently acquired this film on a dvd pack called science fiction 50 , which contains fifty really bad sf films of the 1950 's and 60 's .
someone must have acquired the rights at a hollywood garage sale .
the interesting thing about this movie is how the whole alien abduction mythology was laid out in 1953 , before the first reports of grays .
1 ) the aliens blot out the memory of the kidnap victim , leaving him with `` missing time `` .
2 ) they perform surgical procedures on him .
3 ) they are terribly concerned with nuclear tests .
4 ) they show him their home planet , which of course , is dying .
in short , all the things that alien abductees , starting with betty and barney hill , have been reporting since the 1960 's .
this is all really kind of interesting , but it still is n't a very good film .

-1
the only comment i can add to the panning of the film by other imdb critics is this .
remember how when you were very young , you saw some sci-fi or horror film that scared the daylights out of you , and then when you saw it again many years later you wondered how you could have possibly found it so scary ?
well , this is n't one of those films !
as a , i used to stay up saturday nights to watch `` chiller theater `` , a weekly showing of the `` best `` that the 1950 's had to offer by way of grade z ( or less ) sci-fi or horror films , occasionally livened up by humorous commentary by the host , .
some of those films were minor gems in their way .
but even as a prepubescent fan , i could spot a dog of a film when i saw one , and `` killers from space `` was identified once and for all as a howler even then .

-1
this movie is mind-bogglingly bad !
about half of it is made up of stock footage from newsreels and other movies .
the script is nonsensical .
the acting is awful .
it 's truly a bad movie , in every sense of the word .
not funny-bad , just bad .
you have to wonder how it got made , and why any movie theater would show it .
maybe it ran as the third or fourth feature at all-night drive-in marathons ?
after watching this i really tried to think of a worse movie .
maybe `` plan 9 from outer space `` could match it .
i do n't know , as i saw that one too long ago to directly compare the two .
but even cult classic turkeys like `` killer shrews `` and `` big meat eater `` are better than this stinker .
at least they 're sorta funny .
this one just stumbles along like a lobotomized ape , with endless shots of peter graves clutching his head and looking confused .
if you want to see just how bad a movie can be , this is the one to watch .
otherwise , stay away !

-1
i must admit the eye effects were good and the fact they lived underground .
that explains why they have no eyelids .
but the fact that we do n't get to see them in the bulk of the movie is just wrong and cheap .
the flick is called killers from space , so when you pay your two bits , you expect to see killers from space and at around 71 minutes , the makers should have given them more screen time .
the next thing , if they are so advanced to come to this planet , why do they need to steal nuclear secrets .
my god , i would n't have been surprised if the whole thing was fake and the killers from space was the russians .
it would have made more sense .
they did n't go that route .
instead they gave us a bunch of super imposed animals and insects .
lame , dumb and i 'm glad peter graves finally became a star and do n't have to make this toilet fodder anymore .
i give the killers from space ... the noose !

-1
the movie begins in the middle of stock footage of u.s. air force planes ( black & white , 1940 's & 1950 's ) , radar dishes , people messing with knobs , dials and switches , planes flying , planes landing , planes taking off , etc . .
a nuclear test in about to commence .
peter graves is dr. martin , the lead scientist on the test .
he is up in a plane ( designated `` tar baby 1 `` ) , circling the event and gathering data .
shortly after the explosion , something unexpected occurs and the plane crashes .
martin mysteriously shows up at the base , with no memory of what has transpired and a scar over his nipple .
he starts behaving strangely or so it seems to everyone else in the movie .
to the people watching , we hope peter graves won some sort of acting award because it ca n't be easy to act while in a coma .
this is a truly epic horror movie .
the horror is not the subject but rather the effect on the individual .
the `` killers from space `` do n't appear until more than 1/2 way through the movie and our protagonist , dr. martin , has the personality of a .
add to this 20 minutes of a sodium ( not sure this kind of truth serum exists ) induced flashback , a 5 minute chase scene in a power plant ( involving running up & down the stairs , as well as using elevators and hiding behind things ) and an unusual number of grisly close ups .
i did n't even mention the all too numerous shots of peter graves in front of a screen showing a reptile or insect close up or that the plot revolves around a clichã©d group of extraterrestrials who 's home planet is unlivable and they want to squat or take over our planet .
did i mention the heavy tobacco sponsorship ?
i counted 8 scenes in the movie , where the sole purpose was to showcase cigarettes or pipe tobacco .
in one scene , all 3 characters conversing in the scene are smoking .
was the world really like that or what wanted it to be ?
not even a cameo by coleman francis can save this movie from the fate of being watched at 2x speed , from now on .
- celluloid rehab

-1
fancy a good old fashioned british comedy about army life ?
do n't bother with this .
if ` orders are orders ' is remembered for any reason at all , its for bringing together tony hancock ( whose first film this was ) , sid james , eric sykes , and peter sellers .
unfortunately , it manages to squander their talents .
the script is completely lacking in humour .
hancock tried to see this at his local cinema one afternoon .
a request for a front row seat was met with : `` you can have the first fifteen rows if you like ! ``
.
directed by david , it tells the less-than hilarious story of a british army base which is invaded by an american film company wishing to make a low budget science fiction epic .
sid james is ` ed ' the producer , and is chiefly responsible for what few laughs there are ( his american accent is very good ) .
he later called the film `` a bit of a stinker ! ``
.
the main role though is taken by brian reece , a charmless actor who exhibits no comic talent whatever .
things to look out for - the robot was later reused in an ` avengers ' episode called ` the see through man ' .
one of the writers , geoffrey orme , later wrote ` the underwater menace ' for patrick troughton 's ` dr.who ' , a story often regarded as the very worst ever ( though it made far more sense than the recently transmitted ' a good man goes to war ' !
) .
i love old british comedies , but this is impossible to recommend .
try the boulting brothers ' ` private 's progress ' ( 1956 ) instead .

-1
i love musicals but i ca n't enjoy this one .
it 's hard to believe that this ever made it to the screen .
let 's see , first a woman marries someone she hardly knows , then she finds out she has to become an indentured servant to seven half - witted oafs .
and she stays , happily gushing and singing .
the kidnapping of women and beating of their boyfriends is just so jolly .
boys will be boys .
by now i am nauseous and thinking i am in a parallel universe .
and i sadly realize , maybe this is what pioneer life really was like , without the music and clean dresses .
but i want a music to make me feel good , i do n't want to see women joyfully gushing over brutality and slavery .
it does n't fit .
not surprised that the broadway musical bombed .

-1
normally , i am not one for writing negative reviews , but after making the huge mistake of watching this movie , i felt it my duty to give others the warning i never had .
do not watch this .
it is perhaps the stupidest , sexist , shallowest story ever conceived by the minds of men , certainly of all the movies i have seen .
warning over , here is the summary and review : i do n't know where on earth the people calling this a feminist movie get that impression from , because this story shows anything but feminism .
the male character , adam , goes into town looking for a wife to bring home , as if a wife was some kind of pet or object that you can buy from a store .
does he want a bride out of love or affection ?
no , he is looking for one to act as a maid for him and his six brothers .
he finally runs into a woman , milly , whom he considers suitable for his bride , and after knowing each other for only a few hours , they get married .
adam brings milly home to his house in the mountains , where she finds out about his brothers ( whom he never thought to mention until then ) , who are completely wild and uncivilized .
milly immediately sets to trying to reform the other brothers into well-behaved men so they can get wives of their own .
they all go to a barn-raising , where they find ( conveniently ) six unmarried women .
during the barn-raising , the brothers get into a fight and are banished from town .
the brothers go home for the winter , while they desperately miss the women whom they knew for no more than a few hours , and come up with the brilliant plan of kidnapping their `` beloved `` brides .
they ride into town , throw all the women into the back of a wagon ( again , acting as though women are merely objects ) , and bring them back to the mountains .
milly is furious about the brothers ' behavior and send them to sleep in the barn .
surprised and offended about how milly could possibly consider kidnapping somebody as an unacceptable act , adam leaves to live alone in a separate cabin higher in the mountains .
come springtime , milly gives birth to a daughter , hannah , and adam comes back to reconcile with his wife .
angry townspeople march to the house to retrieve their stolen daughters who , apparently having completely forgotten about how they had been manhandled and kidnapped , have fallen deeply in love with the men and refuse to leave .
the brothers and the townspeople chase and fight each other , resulting in the brothers being captured by the townspeople with the intention of hanging them .
however , one of the girls ' fathers heard hannah and asks whose baby it is .
the women all claim her as their own , which causes the townspeople to release the brothers , forgive them instantly , and the brothers and women all get married at once and live happily ever after .
certainly has all the qualities of a feminist movie , right ?
... sarcasm aside , it is true that milly is somewhat of a strong woman , but her character ( along with everybody else 's ) is pathetically underwritten .
even with milly included , this movie is sexist to an extreme , for both women and men .
the image portrayed in the movie is nothing less than this : woman are weak , emotional possessions of men , who , in turn , are wild , rugged , love to fight each other , and care about nothing but the acquisition of females .
the only way this movie can be remotely justified , and i assume it was the reasoning behind the horrendous film , would be that the makers were going for humor and failed .
even a comedy has to have a relatively believable storyline as well as realistic characters , of which this movie has neither .
there is almost no story at all , and every character apart from milly , adam , and the youngest brother gideon , have no individuality to speak of .
even those three are very poorly developed and unbelievable .
i could not feel the romance between adam and milly at all ; there was not any kind of buildup or development of their `` love `` - it was just thrown at the viewer out of nowhere .
if the creators were trying to be funny , they succeeded only in being deeply offensive to both genders and making a movie with no depth whatsoever .
for all of that , i would give this movie 0/10 stars .
however , there is one thing about it that does deserve praise : the music .
the dancing scene at the barn-raising was very well-choreographed and acted , and the songs , as long as you do n't listen too closely to the lyrics , are , admittedly , quite beautiful .
all things considered , i give this movie one star for the dancing and the music for a total of 1/10 stars .

-1
** possible spoilers ahead ** wilder 's killers from space was bad ; this , incredibly , is even worse .
an expedition wanders around the himalayas and eventually brings a captured yeti back to the united states .
most of the mercifully short running time is taken up by characters spouting idiotic dialogue at each other .
inanimate objects are photographed for no reason ala doris wishman .
the truly abominable snowman , eventually hunted down in the sewer where the entire production belongs , has about two minutes of screen time .
considering how shabby the yeti suit is , maybe that 's just as well .
this was the first of many abominable snowman films but that 's its only distinction .
between this and jerry warren 's man beast it 's a wonder the sub-genre did n't die as soon as it was born .

-1
watch this movie closely ( if you dare ) , and you will see certain of the same fairly long sequences repeated only a few minutes apart ( such as when they are walking up the mountain and when they are searching the city sewers near the end ) , not including the ridiculous loop of the snow creature of which various short segments play now and then , both in forward and reverse , from start to finish ( amazing how well he can walk backwards ) .
seriously , near the end , it is so awkward when you see random bits of the loop right close together which literally made a friend and i groan out of discomfort , almost as if the editor was trying to drive the viewer mad , especially when it sometimes freezes for a moment as if the projector just stopped , before the next scene begins .
the snow creature looks much like a hybrid !
it 's true !
there are some really horrible elements of this movie , which are a mix of incoherence and that of the ludicrous : 1 .
i 'm not quite sure what happens when they capture the snow creature .
it seems he is trying to bring down the cave ceiling to kill the intruders , but his female and baby snow creature are killed instead and he knocks himself out to add insult to injury !
( or maybe it was some sort of suicidal act ?
) if he already had a female , then why did he kidnap the woman , and why did they give up the search for her so quickly ?
2 .
the part where an inspector from the us customs service wants to know if the creature is a man or a beast after they arrive is ludicrous , and jaw-droppingly silly .
that part alone makes the movie a joke .
3 .
i may be wrong on this , but why would the sewers be so much cooler , ( even cold ) for the snow creature to prefer being down there ?
would n't they be a lot warmer ?
i know in most other movies , even if it is cold in the city , you see steam rising from the manholes .
i am nitpicking perhaps , but i can see him hiding down there just because it is cave-like .
all of the ridiculous technical points , even as to why a botanist is freezing in heaps of snow and strong winds ( maybe it was solely for the plot twist ) and the shooting of the `` radio machine `` ( and the exchanging of the booze and the radio in their respective containers to hide the damaged radio for fixing later ) make this just a bit `` too much `` to enjoy .
1/10 .
i mean , they have got to be kidding .
like my friend 's father used to say , `` i know a poodle when i see one ! ``

-1
silly , preposterous cheapie from billy wilder 's kid brother , w. lee wilder ( `` killers from space `` , `` phantom from space `` , `` `` ) .
a churlish failed botanist & a drunk photographer lead a group of japanese actors trying to pass as tibetans into some poorly designed fake himalayan sets ; a tall shaggy fellow steals one of the `` sherpas `` wives , and a merry chase ensues with the `` legendary yeti `` to retrieve the wife & bring the big hairy guy back to the states .
once in los angeles a debate brews over wether the walking rug is a human monster or mutant dupont , and therefore cargo .
the carpet then escapes , haunts the sewers of l.a. , and is given the final treatment by the cops .
slow , stodgy , and dumb as a box of himalayan rocks , this early ( abominable snowman ) stinker features the single worst snowman costume ever - it 's obviously a huge shaggy rug , with a square hole cut out of the face so the `` actor `` stuffed inside can .
the poor unfortunate inside can barely around , and we even get to see him/her slip on the icy rocks that are supposed to pass for the himalayans .
wilder 's threadbare technique of using the same shots and scenes over and over again to shave moolah off the the film 's production costs serve as further hilarity - one shot , of the `` snowman `` stepping out of the shadows , is shown and reversed over and over and over , some 20 or 30 times .
like a brief glimpse into future coleman francis moovies , actors spend much of the time smoking and/or drinking coffee .
you will remember paul langton , who plays botanist frank parrish , from such stinkers as `` it : the terror from beyond space `` , `` the cosmic man `` , and `` invisible invaders `` , although he may best be remembered for 1957 's `` the incredible shrinking man `` , which was actually a pretty good flick .
lock martin ( `` invaders from mars `` , `` the day the earth stood still `` , `` the incredible shrinking man `` ) reportedly was the poor soul stuffed inside the shaggy rug , a very tall actor known as 50 's tv host `` the gentle giant `` and for playing gort , the robot in `` the day the earth stood still `` - kind of a richard kiel of the 50 's .
as for `` snow creature `` , well its typical w. lee wilder , and that means slow , cheap , and dumb .
the moocow suggests viewing the w. lee wilder trilogy ( `` snow beast `` , `` killers from space `` , `` phantom from space `` ) with yer stinky moovie buddies , and let the silliness ensue .
; = 8 )

-1
the first part of this movie starts off like a `` wonderful world of nature `` type travelogue then quickly descends into awfulness .
a expedition sets out to explore the himalayas .
after trekking for two gruelling , tedious days they set up base camp .
that night the head guide 's wife is taken from his home village by a yeti .
villagers cover the ground the expedition took two days to cover that same night - in the dark .
anyone think these scientists hired the wrong guides ?
the head guide takes the white scientists ' guns and they trek endlessly around the mountains , past the same bunches of rocks time and time again .
yep - they hired the wrong guy .
eventually they find a cave .
inside they find a huge muppet - sorry , yeti family .
the male yeti , suddenly surprised in his own home by gun wielding sherpas , decides to remodel the cave and causes a which knocks him unconscious and kills his mate and child .
in the confusion the white guys get the guns back and , now that the natural order is restored , force the ` natives ' to abandon the search for the guide 's wife ( who , for all they know is somewhere in the cave , they just found her necklace after all ) and cart the drugged yeti back to civilisation `` where he belongs . ``
back in town the scientists decide not to press charges against the sherpas ( thank you , !
me glad not to be in gaol for trying to rescue my wife ) and are allowed to take the yeti away without even filling out any forms .
hello white people , please abuse our countrymen , abandon our women to die on , and steal our national treasures .
it 's a pleasure to be abused by you , thank you .
do come again .
bring tanks next time .
the yeti is shipped to la via a long series of stock shots .
the head scientist arrives and is reunited with his wife , then gets into a dispute with the local immigration people about whether the yeti is a man or an animal .
as they debate the matter in a series of the yeti escapes .
the police are soon on the scene in the shape of a lt. dunbar an man who 's screen presence is enhanced by the actor having an uncanny ability that enables him to actually upstage himself !
several times he needlessly turns his back to the audience before delivering lines and then occasionally , as a bonus , waits for other people to get between him and the camera before speaking .
maybe he was expecting there to be other takes - everything is shot in one wide take there are no other angles in any scene , or maybe he realised he was in a real stinker and was trying to hide , either way it is a genius performance .
the police search for the escaped snow man beast muppet thing using a variety of stock shots , sequences lifted from other movies , and sticking three push pins into the smallest map of l.a the producers could find .
all to no avail , the yeti appears to be moving round the city with impunity .
how is he getting about ?
our scientist looks out of the window and sees a street sweeper sweeping garbage into a drain .
hmmmm .
he wonders , did n't he remember something about all rampaging monsters due to be let loose in the la area being issued with maps of the storm drains a while back ?
the police wander around the storm drains ( or to be more precise our leads and three extras in uniforms , wander around three or four yards of storm drain shot from at least , oh i 'd say - two different angles ) .
endlessly they wander up and down the same three bits of drain hoping the audience do n't notice because it is so dark .
suddenly they trap the muppet in a net - and shoot it dead .
stupid denouement - the end this film was made so cheaply it hurts .
the mountain sequences alternate long tedious climbing sequences ( shot without sound ) followed by night-time sequences , for the most part in small tents , in which the story , such as it is , is progressed .
the shots of the snow beast looming into the camera and then retreating are repeated so often , and towards the end , so randomly , that it looks like the thing is doing the .
the same alley way is shot from the same angle over and over again and is the setting for the best , weird shot of the whole thing .
a slow pan left to right of the empty alley , a scream , the camera stops and pans back across the still empty alley before revealing an altercation in a doorway we 've never seen before .
on the positive side it is only 71 minutes long .

-1
if you have n't read steinbeck 's book , than you would have to think that the 1955 version was terrible .
the movie cuts into about the last 200 pages of a 600 page book and many events and characters have been cut out .
where 's sam hamilton ?
where 's lee ? ?
they are integral characters that shape the story !
some characters have been made up .
i.e the bullied german character only had 2 words in the book , and he 's been given 1/2 hour in the movie .
you watch the scene 's between cal and cathy and we are given no history as to why cathy is the way she is .
there was no back story of adam and charlie , which is why cal and aron are so similar to their dad and uncle .
please read the book .
you will learn so much that has been cut out ! ! ! !
this movie ignores the essence of the story .

-1
i am amazed that anyone can enjoy watching this movie : the first time i rented it i ended up turning it off after forty minutes because i found it so tedious .
i rented it again after reading and loving the novel , which probably only made watching the movie that much more difficult .
with the exception of `` on the waterfront , `` i have yet to see a kazan movie that did n't bore me !

-1
a thirty four year old ny meat cutter , living with his mother , is just too nice .
he is traditionally unable to ask girls out but finds he has a libido after all ; or does he ?
i do n't know how ` marty ' made my ` must see ' list , and i hate to be so harsh , but i wish i knew who was responsible so i could slap them right in the mouth .
: ) oh wait , it won the 1955 best picture oscar .
what ?
dear god , have we come that far ?
to me this movie was so boring , and without intrigue , as to be absolutely worthless .
actually , no movie can be entirely worthless , it can always serve as a bad example , and this is the worst example of a best picture winner i know of .
this movie transcends the pejorative term ` predictable ' because there is nothing to predict - just the ` joy ' of sharing the pain of overly pathetic characters .
can i coin the term ` ' ?
you might find yourself constantly , and torturously , waiting at the end of the various scenes for the movie to catch up as the characters drone on about how lame and hopeless they are .
in that sense , this is probably most ny movie i have ever seen .
i guess that was the point .
maybe if you like silent movies , you can just turn the repetitious dialogue down and get some enjoyment out of 50s ny .
yes ernest borgnine 's character is believable ( painfully so ) but my sympathy for him was over after about 15 min .
and then i just wanted to strangle him and/or the writer .
for me the high point of the movie was in the first scene where a lady customer comes up to the main character ( marty ) and says ` whats ' a matter with you ?
my boy frank was 19 years old when he got married .
whats ' a matter with you ? '
it was the only funny line in the movie .
marty just smiled and took it , which is what you might have to do to finish this movie .
i totally missed the point of this movie .
good luck .
the characters are like poor little birds with broken wings : poor little birds .

-1
wow , i just can not say enough bad things about this film .
the acting covers the complete spectrum from `` ham-fisted `` to `` wooden . ``
poor shelly winters is obviously misdirected to deliver her lines as though she were reading from a cue card .
if you do n't believe she can act , check out `` a patch of blue `` or `` the diary of anne frank . ``
she is certainly capable of better than this horrible performance which evokes no emotion whatsoever beyond disbelief .
and robert mitchum !
he certainly shows some chops , but my goodness , has there ever been a more ignorant and stupid character in film history ?
he 'd fit right in with `` dumb and dumber ! ``
how could anyone in his position ( who ostensibly had gotten away with murder and robbery on several occasions ) not see that the money was hidden in the doll ?
he oozes menace in some scenes , but then is reduced to popping up like something in a carnival shooting gallery and whooping his way into a barn when lillian gish shoots him .
seriously , if you want subdued menace in a believable character , how about tony perkins in `` psycho `` or sterling hayden in almost anything ?
the only actors who manage to pull off believable performances are billy chapin and a wonderful peter graves , who , in the few minutes he has on screen , out-acts old bob handily .
think about it , you actually sympathize with a robber and murderer because graves turns in an almost `` `` performance .
oh , and i ca n't leave out the wonderful old james gleason as uncle birdie .
he 's both likable and pitiful and has far too little screen time .
in addition to lame dialogue and poor directing , the sound track is an evil entity of its own .
laughton uses it with the subtlety of a jackhammer to announce that `` rev powell is a bad guy `` or `` rev powell is on that train , `` etc . .
i 'm all for overshadowing but these `` hints `` are more like headlines .
most of the remaining cast of characters are almost cartoons .
evelyn varden does a particularly egregious bit of overacting as `` icey spoon `` .
in fact the film itself could be a parody of film noir !
come on , lillian gish actually sings a duet with the menacing man sitting outside her house waiting to kill her !
i have no idea why people feel compelled to rave about the greatness of this film .
it does n't hold a candle to real 1950 's film classics like kubrick 's `` the killing `` or `` hatful of rain `` or `` on the waterfront , `` which has more feeling and menace and credibility in the cab scene than `` night of the hunter `` has in its entire fabric .
face it folks , there 's a good reason why this was charles laughton 's only directorial offering .

-1
from the baffling editing of sequences at the start , to the mystifying , of ms. gish at the end , this movie is appallingly bad .
its main problem is its sheer inconsistency .
is mitchum supposed to be evil ( threatening to hurt the children ) or comic ( as he whoops to the barn after being shot by ms. gish ) ?
are the sets outdoors ( apparent flying over mitchum ) or indoors and made out of cardboard ( house and barn where the escaping children sleep ) ?
why do animals , in ones and twos , start to appear during the river escape ?
why does mitchum drive the car containing his wife 's body into the river right next to the children 's uncle 's home ?
how does he get it to stand the right way up on the river bottom with his dead wife sitting upright in the passenger seat , as though she 's in an underwater parking garage ?
why are there five kids with no bodies floating in the sky at the start of the movie ?
why does mitchum tell ms. gish his name and the time of his anticipated return , so that she can have the cops waiting for him ?
why do characters make mysterious gestures ( particularly the boy ) which have no dramatic significance ?
who told shelley winters she could act ?
what 's evil about hanging around boys in town and eating ice cream ?
why does this movie scream 1930 's when laughton directed it in the 1950 's -- is it because he was stuck twenty years in the past ?
and -- question of questions -- why do so many apparently quite normal reviewers think that this awful , awful movie is so great ?

-1
i 'd heard only great things about this 1955 film , so i was eagerly looking forward to finally watching it .
to say i was disappointed is an understatement .
i was astonished .
i was appalled .
i was embarrassed for charles laughton and robert mitchum .
what can we learn from this film ?
well , for one , could laughton and the always overrated james agee make their anti-christian bias any more obvious ?
okay , we get it - preachers are hypocritical and can sometimes be criminals .
do you have to hit the audience over the head with that for nearly two hours ?
i 've never seen one theme pushed so relentlessly .
i 'm guessing laughton and agee were n't believers .
the acting , as others have noted , is laughable .
no , it 's almost surrealistic ; but awful in a way that ca n't be enjoyed , like a cheesy sci-film from the same era .
i disagree with some of those who lambasted the performances in this film , but exempted robert mitchum .
in my view , mitchum 's character was a more unbelievably heavy-handed villain than snidely whiplash .
i winced when he informed new wife shelley winters that they would not be having sex .
ever .
who came up with this kind of impossibly unrealistic stuff ?
the church of satan ?
the dialogue is almost incomprehensibly bad .
there is not a likable character in the film , nor a single light hearted moment .
how about a bit of comic relief ?
why not take five minutes off from the nonstop bashing of christianity ?
the fact that this film is so well respected by critics reminds us once again about the importance of thinking for yourself , and not mindlessly following the advice of alleged experts .

-1
i first heard about night of the hunter from the book `` `` - films that are larger than life .
it was written by peter von bach and he gave much praise to this film which was directed by great and much acclaimed actor charles laughton .
this was his first and - if i remember correctly - last film he directed .
i would say he made a wise decision when he quit directing .
why this film stinks ?
bad acting , poorly written story and dialogue , all together naive and stereotypical characters ... mitchum over-acts as a criminal preacher man who kills widows and quotes bible .
children are acting like they were in school play .
shelley winters is ok .
story has some surrealistic and dream-like quality , but it is not presented well - it becomes more like awkward and naive in the hands of `` brilliant `` writer , james agee and in directions of `` visionary `` charles laughton .
there is much hype about this movie specially the french film critics , but what do they know .
if someone is great actor that does n't mean that the same person would make a great director .
only thing that was truly original and interesting in this movie was the tattoos on mitchum 's knuckles which sayed : `` love `` on the right and `` hate `` on the left ...

-1
there was absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie .
just terrible all-around .
- the performances were almost all awful , save mitchum , who did the best he could with the horrid script he was dealing with .
- the laughable fact that the wife of the thief would marry the preacher when she barely knew him .
oh , and let 's not forgot how she hears him threatening her kids , but she does nothing but lay down in bed .
- the kids are floating down a river for more than a week , apparently with only a potato to eat along the way , with a psychopathic preacher following on horseback , and they never consider getting out of the boat on the other side of the river ?
what the hell ?
- the fact that rachel cooper accepted some random kids ( not to mention hits them ) is a joke .
i do n't understand how anyone can take any of this crap seriously .
- rachel cooper sings a duet with the murderous preacher who is right outside her house looking to kill her .
what sense does that make ?
- the pacing was horrible .
just talk talk talk randomly about religion , and whenever mitchum showed up , suspense was blocked by hammy performances ( towards the end when rachel had a chance to shoot the preacher , she does nothing but tap him in the butt , despite him chasing the boy with a knife ) .
yeah , okay .
- it ends with at rachel looking straight at the camera and stating explicitly the `` moral `` of the film .
again , what the hell was that all about ?
i just hated this film .
never have i disliked a so-called `` classic `` film so much .
the script for this film has to be among the worst ever written .
i give it a 1/10 .
it has now dethroned batman begins for the title of the worst movie on imdb 's top 250 .

-1
this is actually not the worst movie i have seen , but it is certainly a very bad one .
it is simply uninteresting .
it is one of those movies you watch and forget once you have turned off your dvd .
nothing special here except the bad acting and the completely unrealistic story .
saying that this is very good movie is like saying that an entirely blue painting is a work of art .
when it first came out in 1955 , i heard it was a big flop back then and charles laughton even stopped directing movies after this one .
i understand him and i think the guy made the right choice .
i surely agree with most of the people who watched the movie at that time .
so i ask myself : why is it rated 8.2 on imdb and on top # 188 today ?
why was it a big failure in the 50s and a success now ?
what has changed ?
personally , i think the answer lies in the fact that we are beginning to over-analyze movies .
food for thought .
i stopped believing in imdb rating after seeing this movie , the dark knight and inception in the top 250 movies .

-1
# 136 of the all time greatest movies ? ? ? ? ?
was i watching the same movie ?
this was awful !
when i was n't rolling my eyes at the dialog , i was laughing at the `` scary `` parts .
( without spoilers ) in one scene a main character reacts to violent act towards them that should have either killed them or maimed them , but no the character jumps up and runs away like some cartoon character that got shot in the butt .
i am beside myself at the number of good reviews of this movie .
it seemed like a `` art `` flick / suspense flick done all gone wrong .
i gave this 1/10 and i 'm sticking to it .

-1
i simply ca n't believe , that there are this many individuals who think this movie is an `` `` .
classic movies are just about all i ever watch .
and this one will never be viewed again by my eyes .
it might have been the worst movie that i 've ever seen .
i was all pumped up after reading all of the reviews , and was even taping it for the future .
but i found myself getting more and more p ` at the fact that i had just wasted an hour and a half of my time .
i shut the vcr off , and came directly here to voice my opinion .
now i feel better .
if this is one of the best movies ever made , what does that make grapes of wrath ?
heaven above ?
thats about the difference between those two movies .
night of the hunter has to be the most over-rated movie of all time !

-1
40 minutes into this movie i 'm thinking , `` this dud has got to be over soon . ``
i look down and check the running time and i am horrified to see that somehow it 's 2 hours and 20 minutes long .
40 mins and i 'm thinking omg , where is this obvious , interminable melodrama going ?
40 mins in , and i 'm thinking this might be a good time to settle on a genre .
and i 'm wondering , why on earth would dehaviland take this degrading , 1-dimensional ethnic role ?
why do they tease this out so laboriously ?
how did so much star power sign on to this undeveloped , inept movie ?
it must be this padded and pointless , to provide each of 5 or 6 major egos their own moment ; all of them are wildly unrelated to the general flow of mitchum 's `` big conflict `` storyline , which is of no dramatic interest .
what is the point ?
the only possible angle i can imagine for this movie is that it was a women 's movie about men ; and that female viewers in 1955 might imagine this oddity spoke to them , about their situations .
along with the unusually low quality of the script , a viewer will spend all his/her time picking the corn kernels out of the ham .
and every frame of this looks like it was filmed on the cheap .
completely squandered , expensive cast .

-1
having seen the 1915 , 1931 , 1955 and 1983 film versions of george du maurier classic novel `` trilby `` , i have to comment that this version is the worst ( although , the 1983 version is not much better ) .
what were the producers of this film thinking ?
hildegard ( with a thick german accent ) is all wrong as trilby .
she sounds more like marlene dietrich than she does a british person living in 1890 's france .
i wonder why they did n't cast a young british starlet in this role ?
it would have been an improvement !
donald wolfit is all wrong as svengali .
he shows none of the characters wit or menace and seems like he just wandered onto the set one day and was asked if he 'd like to stick around for the production ( where was peter cushing when we needed him ?
) .
terence morgan is n't bad as little billie , but unfortunately his presence is not enough to save this boring film which strays much too far from du maurier 's original tale .

-1
an american journalist called john desmond ( larry parks ) flies to london on an assignment for his newspaper .
he begins dating the attractive but secretive anna ray ( lisa ) whom is prone to breaking off their dates on the pretext of going to an appointment .
curious about his girlfriend 's strange behaviour , he follows her and she gets into a chauffeur driven rolls royce with another man .
assuming that he has been stood up , desmond decides to return to his work and try and the forget the whole thing .
however , later that day , anna phones him annoyed that he attempted to follow her and says that she never wants to see him again .
but he attempts to contact her by sending her a telegram and making numerous phone calls to no avail .
he finally decides to confront her in her flat .
when he attempts to read her diary , she pulls a gun on him and they struggle and anna ends up being shot dead .
desmond flees taking the diary with him and mysteriously , there is no report of any murder in the newspapers .
desmond then realises that the telegram he sent must still be in the flat and fearing that the police will eventually trace it back to him , he breaks into the flat to remove it .
however , what has actually happened is that a gang of counterfeiters ran by the ruthless foster ( cyril chamberlain ) whom anna was working for have covered up the killing and traced the telegram back to desmond .
they abduct and interrogate him and it transpires that the diary is a contact list of all the gang 's european contacts .
they mistake desmond for an american spy and demand to know where he has hidden the diary .
he manages to escape , but finds himself being pursued across london and the home counties by the gang .
in addition , his secretary jane claymore ( constance smith ) whom is aware of desmond 's plight , tries to stall their boss by informing him that desmond has been taken ill with amnesia .
this was foolish as desmond is now being hunted by the police who think he 's ill and want to take him into care and also the crooks who are bent on retrieving the diary and silencing desmond because he knows too much .
tiger by the tail was adapted from john 's acclaimed thriller novel , `` never come back `` , by prolific writer-director john gilling .
it comes across as a failed attempt to do a chase thriller very much in the hitchcock vein as the script uses one of hitch 's favourite devices of pulling an ordinary working class man out of his mundane nine-to-five life into the world of crime and intrigue .
alas , gilling 's film is n't anywhere in the same league and fails to generate little action , suspense or tension and the result is a run-of-the-mill b-feature that only serves as a routine way of passing the time .
the film 's main point of interest lies in its imported american star , larry parks , whom had come to prominence as al jolson in the jolson story .
john gilling would go on to do much better things in the british cinema at the hammer studio with such classic horror offerings as the plague of the zombies and the reptile .

-1
i love marilyn monroe and have consistently rated her movies above the imdb average .
this , however , was unbelievably bad .
start with her butchered southern accent that came and went during the film .
the marilyn i love has the sexy , breathy voice .
this was like a bad country singer .
add the incomprehensible decisions her character makes .
the suitor is a starter kit for spouse abuse .
even his awakening is short lived .
when he changes for cherie he goes 180 again demanding that his buddy comes home with him .
how she ended up on the bus i do n't know .
how the driver let her on the bus i do n't know .
then at the bus stop the driver realized finally the situation on his hands when he 's not abusing her the lead is no more coherent a character .
maybe cowboys in the 50 's were different , but to imagine someone so completely unaware of the world around him that he has never interacted with women , nor city traffic shatters any tie this movie has to the real world .
stick to anything else marilyn ever did and be happy .
how people think this is among her best performances boggles my mind .
i could n't wait for the movie to be over and in fact had to stop the movie twice to clear my head .

-1
i watched this yesterday and i 'm still in shock .
monroe began to ripen as a dramatic actress just mere days ( it seems ) before she died .
for sheer hilarity and dramatic weight , she never surpassed her role in `` some like it hot `` .
for dramatic power she was very impressive and powerful in `` the misfits `` .
this film , earlier in her career has been hailed as an early dramatic performance .
i am not familiar with the play from whence this film came from .
i just watched it and took it for what it appeared .
i found don murray 's characterization of the cowboy to be a negative distraction , largely because instead of a real person he came across as a living comic-book character .
there was not a moment when he was on the screen except for his quiet moments of remorse at the end , when he was not sounding like a lunatic .
other commentators have noted that this over the top performance was supposed to be this way , deliberately to be funny .
well , in my time , at the end of 2006 , this type of behavior looks stupid , ridiculous and unbelievable .
further , murray spends almost every second in the film shouting at the top of his lungs as if this is the way most cowboys fresh off the farm act when hitting the big city for the first time .
ahhhhh , no : i do n't think so .
the director ( logan ) must have encouraged him to act this way and for me it makes him look like an imbecile .
honestly , his acting just made me so uncomfortable from the beginning to the end i wish i could have stopped the film .
then we have monroe .
she looked as she always does , beautiful .
but , i did notice that she kept changing the inflection of her voice , as if not quite yet sure of how to morph from a into a real person , a dramatic presence .
she just comes in and out of the `` place `` and it strikes me now as quite a fascinating moment in her career , almost at the cusp of breaking out into better acting .
her attempts at an accent come and go and if we were not so distracted by what she looked like we 'd take closer note of it .
her skin looked so white next to the cowboy that she almost looked sickly .
the best moments were when she was staring into a mirror ( very well set up shot ) and the doubts and fears that crossed her face felt every bit as real as one could imagine .
all in all i was shocked at how bad the film looked , given the age in which we live .
the cartoonish characterization that murray gives just looks ridiculous and hence hard to relate to .
i just could not imagine any cowboy acting like a wild baboon on steroids .
sorry , but this just made me cringe .
you compare a great dramatic effort like `` the misfits `` and the contrast makes everything clear .
if joshua logan wanted to make a drama here then he destroyed it with the creation of a character right out of the comic `` bizarro `` .
this film just does not age well .

-1
i watched this film with high hopes , for i had heard that it was one of marilyn 's best performances .
i was deeply disappointed , and `` bus stop `` rates in my bottom ten worst films .
monroe went to the actors studio for a year to study , and then made this film .
why ?
her character is one of the weakest , most shallow women ever portrayed on film .
this role was even more anti-feminist than the gold digging bimbos that marilyn played in `` gentlemen prefer blondes `` and `` how to marry a millionaire . ``
at least those women were smart .
i wonder if marilyn made this film for a contractual obligation , or she actually chose the role .
i do admit that she gave a good performance , and it helped to prove she was a real actress .
however , her accent came and went , and was a bit overdone .
i think a much better example of marilyn in a serious role is the film `` niagra `` with joseph cotten .
coincidentally , the screenplay for `` bus stop `` was written by george axelrod , who also wrote `` the seven year itch `` ( in my opinion another extremely overrated film .
) i ca n't finish this without saying how much i hated don murray 's character .
from the moment he first appeared on screen , i wished someone would shoot him in the head .
`` bo `` has to be one of the stupidest , most irritating characters of all time .
the story was weak , and i could n't have cared less what happened to any of the players .
about the only good thing i can say about this film is that hope lange was cute .
do n't stand in any lines for this `` bus `` !

-1
this movie is so stupid that it made me change my criteria for evaluating bad movies .
previously i thought the worst movie ever made would , by necessity , also be the dumbest movie .
but here we are .
every frame of this is painfully & willfully rock-bottom , but somehow it still ca n't steal my `` worst movie ever made award `` from either godspell , or nothing but trouble ( pick one - it 's a toss-up ) .
you have to give it credit though for uniqueness ; no other movie ever made focuses on such completely , unredeemably stupid people .
it 's sort of a deal that filmmakers make with audiences ... not to make viewers identify with hopeless idiots at the cinema .
bus stop never comes close to entertainment or art , because ( a ) i have a mind , and ( b ) the writers have not come up with a way to make the problems and low-rent dreams of hopelessly stupid people matter to thinking people .
i have never seen a movie this willfully stupid in my life .
neither beau ( don murray ) or cherie ( marilyn monroe ) can think .
thinking , it turns out , is hard .
so these ignorant characters shout and drawl their way through pointless scene after pointless scene .
they 're such morons their minds ca n't fathom the abstractions we call `` priorities `` & `` delayed gratification . ``
every impulse must be pursued immediately , because they are hopelessly unarmed with the intelligence to resist any urge ; shouting , coupling , marriage , speaking every limp ` thought ' that flutters through their withered brains .
getting married and moving to montana was not my highest priority for the characters .
but i would have become very excited to see them rush to a free sterilization clinic or hurl themselves off a cliff .
this is positively the feeblest excuse to crank up a movie camera .
you should be able to imprison people this stupid .
absurdly , impossibly and improbably this movie gets 100 percent positive ratings on rotten tomatoes ! ! !

-1
this movie is on my list of ones not to bother with .
among my many peeves are movies that are mislabeled , that use an enticing title - `` battle of the bulge `` is then portray little if any of the events the title implies .
`` lafayette `` is another .
saw this one 40 years ago on the tube , as a 14 year old i was annoyed at the lack of action and real history .
one incident stands out in my memory .
at the end when the landings finally occur and newsreel footage is spliced in , the soundtracks plays the songs of the various armed forces , the marine corps hymn is played , my mother ( born in 1913 ) said to me ( the precocious history buff ) `` they did n't have marines at d-day , did they ? ``
the answer of course is no , the eto was a strict operation .
i would call this a `` bait and switch `` movie , you are lured in by an enticing title , the actual movie is a scam .

-1
the guidelines to writing this review include a warning about including spoilers that give away the main plot elements that you are interested in seeing this movie .
to be fair to you , and with all due respect to imdb , this entire movie comes previously `` `` by its producers as totally and utterly misrepresenting what the movie is all about in the first place .
`` d-day ? ``
if d-day really lasted 10 minutes , maybe .
i can imagine the whole male audience in 1956 trying to get up to leave this turkey at the theater but being compelled to stay by their for the rest of this hugely boring story .
if you are actually looking for a d-day movie , see `` saving private ryan `` or , `` the longest day , `` otherwise , you will , in the highest probability , be kicking yourself for sitting through this movie .
if you happen to be looking for a sappy , 3rd rate 50 's romantic movie about a philandering , ww ii soldier and his brit army girlfriend , this is your movie ... and may god help you flip channels away from it .

-1
atrocious wartime romance filmed in widescreen and colour and very typical of its period , ( it was made in the mid-fifties ) .
actually it has nothing very much to do with d-day , ( and it 's so awful as to be something of an insult to the men who fought and died then ) .
rather that 's when it begins as two of the men on board one of the ships , an american , ( the inexplicably popular robert taylor ) , and a brit , ( the somewhat more charismatic richard todd ) , reminiscence in flashback about the woman they both love , ( the beautiful but vacuous dana wynter ) .
if it were better made , ( it 's directed by the monumentally untalented henry koster ) , it might have been tolerable but even by the standards of fifties ' romantic tosh this is a real turkey , plucked , stuffed and .

-1
ridiculous plot .
no one in the town has a gun even for hunting ?
the crooks are running for a posse that is 2 hours behind them and they will probably be lynched when the posse gets them , so they stop to burn down a town because broderick crawford is with being the fastest gun in the west .
you have got to be kidding !
and the townspeople are just going to let the crooks burn down the town without doing anything about it .
no one even thinks to go to another town which has a sheriff to get some help and there are some nearby .
then we have to subplot with crawford slapping his partner and trying to force him to draw .
how anyone could say this is not one of the stupidest hollywood farce 's they have ever seen is beyond me .
and then there is the overacting across the board .
glenn ford is pathetic is a one-dimensional nut-case who walks around like a zombie , or a drug-addict .
this movie may have been popular in the 50 's because movie-goers may be a bit starved for good entertainment .

-1
this one is bad , from start to finish .
the story tries to justify the murder of wild bill hickok , painting him as a scoundrel .
a bad plot , poor direction and non-existent production values make this one easy to pass on .
if there is a redeeming feature here , it is the presence of ms. westcott , whose talents are wasted in this lackluster event .

-1
lon chaney jr. gets to play a caricature composite of some of his father 's great horror role as a vicious criminal brought back to life by mad scientist robert ( inspector henderson ) shayne .
he 's now indestructible but voiceless .
the legendary `` b `` - movie stalwart max showalter is on hand to play the doggedly determined cop .
and ross elliott has a nice supporting turn .
but , this is pure trash .
gruesome enough to be disgusting , but not horror enough to scare , poorly acted , directed and written , this never should have been released .
chaney , just four years after an excellent supporting role in high noon , had to have been embarrassed beyond words to need a paycheck so badly to do this awful mess .
i guess that 's why his character had to be mute .

-1
many films rely on characters doing stupid things and putting themselves in unnecessary danger .
there would be very few films made if characters did n't !
the man though , has a real corker of a stupid people doing stupid things just to keep the movie going moment .
here 's the situation .
on a steep street in la there are 3 characters .
a wants to murder b. c wants to warn b that a is waiting at the top of the hill to kill him .
the potential victim ( b ) is at the bottom of the hill .
on one side of the street is a funky little thing on rails .
on the other side of the street are about 32 steps .
flight after flight of steep steep steps .
c sees the potential victim arrive at the bottom of the funky little side of the hill .
the potential victim is on crutches .
does the potential victim : 1 .
get on board the ( free ?
) public transport ?
2 .
cross the street and laboriously struggle up the 32 steps ?
it 's 2 , of course it 's 2 !
given a choice in crap movies like this they always take the stupid option .
from her vantage point c sees the victim climbing up all those steps .
she now has a choice .
she needs to get to him before he reaches the top of the hill .
so , she can either go all the way down the hill in the thing , cross the street , and then start to climb the stairs herself , or she can cross the street where she is and walk down the steps to meet him .
guess what she does ... the title of this film is a stupid lie too .
if it had been called the `` nearly indestructible man with indestructible clothing `` it would have been nearer the mark .
after wading through sewers , being blasted by a bazooka ( and why was n't everyone deafened when that thing went off in such an enclosed space ?
) and toasted by a flame thrower , lon chaney 's shirt and trousers should have vaporised , or at least a little singed round the edges ... but no , like the incredible hulk 's underpants they seem to keep hanging on in there ... stupid stupid people doing stupid things in front of bad sets .
do n't waste your time unless you are totally masochistic , or under the influence of narcotics .

-1
the only thing that makes this one watchable is corey 's performance as the lunatic killer on the loose .
what remains is a most impossible tale of revenge and matrimonial discord .
during the walkie-talkie scenes i had the feeling that cotten was squeezing a sweet potato and not a communication device .
another interesting thing about this one is that alan hale ( the skipper from `` gilligan 's island `` ) is not yet so fat , and he can still lower his arms below his waist .
other than that there is n't much to recommend here .

-1
impossible to believe formula fluff garbage with aging stars .
marlena dietrich at 56 has to decide between two suitors a broke italian aristocrat ( like herself ) or an unsophisticated american millionaire .
vittoria de sica ( 56 ) turns down an 18 year old millionaires daughter to be with dietrich .
give me a break .
then there is the feel good old sophisticated europe versus the brash hick nouveau riche united states element .
the color and filming is well done in this complete fairy tale .
watch only if you are fans of these aging stars .
do not recommend

-1
the vote menu is not very useful in this case .
of course this movie is awful .
what would you expect from a film with this title from the 1950 's ?
but what is note-worthy about the film is really how awful it is .
i suppose this grade-z pic was trying to cash in on the success of the creature from the black lagoon or that douglas disney league jaunt , but i 'm sure very few parted ways with their 1950 's scratch to see this one .
i though have to claim ( of few that would make such bold statements ) that i purchased this one , and i loved it .
on par with plan 9 and beast of yucca flats this is a gem .
utter , no-budget , bad sound , horrible editing , no continuity , guys shooting each other with harpoons , the gratuitous sexy ( which is a stretch ) half naked woman , the same one boat used in all the scenes that call for a boat , the same stretch of beach , dumb doctors spouting esoteric formulas while ( constantly ) running around in suits on the beach ... most bad films are just boring , and usually help you fall asleep after the late show , but trust me stay awake for awhile with this one , maybe just long enough to catch the goofy monster .

-1
this one is n't a wonderful golden turkey ; it 's just a dim low-budget turkey shot on a beach and a couple of indoor sets .
it does have one wonderful line of dialogue , though -- prof. king to ted baxter , as the web of suspicion grows around the ( mostly unseen ) oceanography institute : `` do you think that that knowledge came from my college ? ``
ed wood could have written that line .
delirious .
it 's also fun , when watching this kind of movie , to imagine where it played in '55 and how its original audience reacted .
it think it was a co-feature at drive-ins , but just picture this gray , pic playing at some old with dowdy carpeting and old theater chairs , to a discontented teenage audience who would 've found out in 10-15 minutes just what their 50 cents had bought .

-1
awful , awful , awful film .
i mean , i like b movies as much as the next person but this is just pathetic .
this is actually not a b movie .
this is a z movie .
it is inept in every way .
scientists try to find a guy in the rubber monster suit you will ever see in your life .
the whole thing looks like it was shot for about 25 cents by people who had no script and had never seen a movie before in their entire lives .
and maybe it was the dvd , but at all costs avoid the retromedia copy of this , because it looks like you are viewing everything through a blizzard .
it 's highly annoying .
if i had n't paid only .99 cents for the stupid piece of junk i 'd demand a refund .

-1
a mysterious monster terrorizes humanity in the phantom from 10,000 leagues .
this is one of the many public domain monster movies that i would always find at walgreens for about $ 1.00 or less .
to be honest i only bought a lot of these movies because of their dvd covers , and this is one of them .
let 's start with the positive aspects of the film ... .
.
i got nothing .
now on to the negative aspects .
well first of all the story is badly paced and hardly memorable .
next the characters are not memorable either , especially not the monster .
the monster is n't even a good special effects creation .
even the title makes no sense , it 's not a phantom it 's a frankenstein-like creature that looks like a lizard .
so in the end , this is a very boring film .
not worth checking out what so ever , so avoid it at all costs .

-1
this _ unambitious , even messy sci fi thriller has some nice sexy touches -- like a beach scene , a shower scene -- which even give it a slight resemblance to the old tv shows ; in a word , after a few mysterious deaths on a peaceful shore , two investigators are fooled to take over the case , one is a regular cop , the other a handsome scientist whose books ' covers look like those of the movie stars ' .
in a few ordinary shots , we are subtly given to fathom that there was a creepy connection between the unexplained deaths and a presumably hideous underwater floating toy .
all the characters are basically uninteresting and even ugly -- perhaps even the two sexy ladies who try to enchant us with their shapes ; instead , these characters are many .
ugly , but many .
there 's the handsome scientist -- and there 's also the frankly old one ; there 's the oldster 's daughter , and there 's the evil woman who plots one knows not what ; there 's the cop -- and there 's the treacherous villain associated with the mentioned vamp .
there 's also an ugly toy -- the underwater floating toy .
for me , the phantom from 10000 leagues was basically and fundamentally boring -- for reasons of lack of style , and a little skill could have enlivened it ; but do not feel disheartened and annoyed .
maybe you will like the phantom .

-1
`` rock rock rock `` ( 1956 ) : alan freed was to rock and roll movies what ed wood was to sci fi : an idiot .
but , i side with wood - at least he did it for the `` love `` .
freed was creating a market and nothing more .
he was the p.t . barnum of pop music .
shoving known and unknown singers and other musicians in front of a camera -- many for the very first time , expecting them to dub a tune -- many for the first time , and expecting them to have any sort of stage presence , gave everyone the results they deserved .
if these films were n't so painfully staged , they could hold up as rock and roll documents .
as they are , they are laughable , pathetic , embarrassing collections of awkward , amateurish kids who are being scooped up , wagered upon , and thrown away by music industry investors .
none the less , if you 're a fan of movies , this one is so transparent it 's entertaining .
watch alan freed sell himself with his wide eyed , grin as he pretends to be a band leader , or introduce the next act ; watch the premier of tuesday weld -- so young she 's still a gawky teen - not the beauty of later years - as she dubs songs in the voice of connie francis ( !
) ; watch countless singers and groups who are getting their one shot -- and were never heard from again ; watch frankie lymon lead `` his `` teenagers through a couple of their actual hits with slick professional behavior ( corny as it was , the entire film is worth their performance of `` i 'm not a juvenile delinquent `` ) ... but keep in mind he was 13 years old , in 2 years would be a heroin addict , and 10 years later would be dead of an overdose ; watch la vern baker do the dumbest song of all time ( `` tra la la `` ) ; watch chuck berry stand on stage like a funky puppet performing `` you ca n't catch me `` ; watch many others make fools of themselves ; and remember that only a year later , freed would be busted for dj payola , lose everything , and drink himself to death by the age of 32 .
there is some good dã©cor detailing , incredibly lame dialog , plot devices , awful acting , and primitive editing ... yet , i 'm already in the mood to watch it again .
i must have a mental problem ... like those jerks who tie up traffic by slowing down and a car wreck ...

-1
i had to see this movie , since it 's so old , but still in color !
it 's also the first film in the swedish cinemascope format ; .
but i have to say i want the time i spent on this movie , back .
of course , as always in old movies , the colors are beautiful , but that does n't help since the dialogue is old fashioned with words and expressions that no one in sweden would use today .
the most annoying part , though , are the endless amount of .
a girl is taking her clothes of to swim across a river ; but she hides behind a bush and hides her breasts with her arms .
then in another scene , a man tells a girl to take her clothes of , but he 's so stunned about the fact that she actually does it , so he tells her to stop .
i 'm not saying that nudity could save an entire movie , but it would at least make it worth watching once .
now it 's just an old , crappy movie with ridiculous characters and a poorly written screenplay .

-1
this movie is tiresome , not funny , and with brando playing an asian including fake eye makeup and a buck-toothed accent offensively racist .
ouch , what a waste of a rental .
stay away from this turkey .
it seems to have been made on a shoestring , at one point during the introductory scene the boom mike dips into the picture as it follows a young harry morgan down to the floor .
in another scene , a posturing wrestler chosen as a town leader inadvertently almost stumbles off the podium - they never stopped the camera , just kept filming as glenn ford seems to badly ad lib his lines .
save your money and your time .

-1
the 1950s were awash with movies warning about the dangers of spoiled teenagers becoming juvenile delinquents and wreaking havoc on society .
although they inherently verged on exploitation of the audience 's desire to see girls being bad , they were supposedly serious and undoubtedly did reflect real concerns people had , however muddled their transition to the conventions of 1950s film-making was .
`` the violent years `` shows one of the worst examples of the trend .
here , we see lower-class male criminals ( what people really feared ) represented as upper-class females on screen , creating an absurd and utterly implausible plot .
the delinquent teenager movies of the 1950s always played on the fear that one small mistake , one step away from conformity , would lock a youth into an inescapable path toward total moral ruin and life in prison .
the motivation for this belief was undoubtedly fear of communism in the 1950s , with the idea being that if we veered away from being good americans we 'd lose the cold war , but `` the violent years `` makes the ludicrous connection much more blatantly than any other film i 've seen .
the film inadvertently shows how silly a lot of the fears of communist plots were : the viewer is asked to take seriously the idea that international communism is hiring upper class schoolgirls to break into their classrooms and destroy american flags .
`` the violent years `` is riddled with implausible characters and situations , broken only by a monumentally boring , laughably moralistic speech by the judge about how following the 10 commandments will solve everything .
if you want to watch a genuinely good 1950s juvenile delinquent moral panic movie , check out `` caged `` ( 1950 ) .
if you want a laugh , try `` the violent years `` , but make sure it 's the mst3k version , otherwise you 'll probably be bored to tears .

-1
not as delirious as `` plan nine from outer space `` or `` bride of the monster , `` the `` violent years `` is certainly outrageous in its own `` cool `` 1950s way .
watch out for those tight sweaters !
and do n't miss the `` party `` scene !
the delinquent girls are at least 10 years older than they 're playing , but ... hey ... it 's ed wood were talking about .

-1
this is a horrible , terrible , and lousy ( and more ) movie .
in the 50s , there seemed to be this attempt to moralize through movies and tv shows .
if i could rate this movie a 0 i would .
was it really possible for man rape to occur ?
i mean seriously , would it even be possible for four young attractive women to rape a man ?
yeah , you know women have always had to work really hard to get sex if they wanted it .
it 's a journey of 4 troubled teens that ends up in the destruction of them all after i guess the climax , which was a shoot out at a school .
all the time the parents are oblivious to these the nature of the devious teens .
be warned , chalk boards are erased , literally .
just avoid this at all cost , the version is n't even really watchable .
i 'd love to understand why or how this steaming pile actually has a 3.4 rating ?
the acting sucks and is totally flat and the plot is ridiculous .
the story is poorly written and very uninteresting .
the dialog is n't believable and it does n't appear that there 's one actor who is n't reading directly from a transcript while on screen .
i do n't care what the message is or whatever , avoid this movie at all cost .
1/10 , 0/10 if i could .

-1
four teenage girls , who are well into their twenties , disguise themselves as boys ( they wear ) and `` run rampage `` through the city by pushing their sexual advances on a weaselly boy on lovers ' lane and hitting a gas station employee with a handgun , not killing him of course , but , as one policeman remarks , `` not for lack of trying . ``
after enduring a friend of her father 's who shows up at their slumber party , trying to hold a conversation with the `` teens `` as they make out robotically , paula leads the gang on their most heinous crime of all : breaking into their classroom in order to slightly disrupt the furniture and even erase the blackboard !
fortunately , the cops show up before they can finish the job , and a shoot-out ensues .
one of the girls , after being blasted with a shotgun , announces , `` it was n't supposed to be like this , `` before lying down gently with no visible signs of damage whatsoever .
the other three girls high-tail it out of the school but stop directly in front of the cops to chat long enough for another girl to be shot down as well .
day and night lose all meaning as the remaining two girls speed off at a snail 's pace past the police .
after another shooting , the girls have a wonderfully ridiculous car crash into a plate glass window , killing one of them .
paula receives some cuts on her face , but manages to live just long enough to give birth to her illegitimate child .
a judge refuses to grant paula 's parents custody of the child and further punishes them by reading a speech so long and pointless that even he seems to be dozing off by the end .
in short , it 's the fault of the parents that paula turned to a hobby of crime because they did n't give her enough love or force religion upon her .
let this be a lesson to us all .
`` the violent years `` is n't nearly as inept as `` plan 9 from outer space `` or `` glen or glenda ? ``
( possibly because ed wood only wrote it , did n't direct it ) but it 's still terribly entertaining .

-1
unless you 're prepared to undergo the horrifying experience of a you 're best advised to avoid this ed wood written movie .
it 's just terrible .
the central figure of the rich girl , jean moorhead , who is drawn to armed robbery by the thrill of it all is attractive enough and the half dozen high school girls , whose ages run between twenty and thirty , wear tight sweaters and brassieres that seem to be made of traffic cones .
but there the end .
scenes do n't move .
the acting is out of some community college stage in cranford , new jersey .
the staging is positively primitive .
the dialog is ripped off from `` dragnet . ``
`` there 's one thing you forgot , mister . ``
`` huh ?
what 's that ? ``
`` this movie transcends the unkempt .
it reaches for a black hole . ``
fortunately , everyone bad is brought before the bar of justice and told off in no uncertain terms .
and -- whew !
-- it 's over at last .

-1
great flick to watch with your friends and laugh at .
the unintentionally hilarious dialogue is straight out of a saturday nite live skit .
when the parents talk , it 's always stating the obvious ... no subtlety here .
at one point , the girl gang robs a gas station .
they are dressed like teenage boys , but their eye liner and manicured eyebrows show above the scarf over their mouths .
they run like girls and are the guys you ever saw .
needless to say , they fool everyone .
at one point , they take captive a thirty something couple making out on lover 's lane ( in the daylight ) .
they tie the girl up and march the guy into the woods at gunpoint .
they point a gun at him as the head bad girl approaches him and begins to take off her sweater .
the headlines the next day says that the girl gang assaulted the poor man .
now is n't that every man 's dream ?
to be sexually assaulted by four hot chicks ? ? ? ?
did he actually try to escape ?
then there was the night time shootout from the second floor classroom .
when the cops on the ground shot back , it was daylight .
it was the living end , daddy-o .

-1
i saw this movie twenty years ago and thought what absolute nonsense .
overly melodramatic with the three persons tyrone power briefly encounters at the beginning .
`` have you seen her ?
have you seen her ? ``
said to be based on a true story , i made inquiries back then and was told that there was indeed a ship that sank as quickly as this one , the fictitious star , was purported to have done , but there was no incident with an officer passing survivors off of a lifeboat into the water .
the officer himself was pure fiction .
there is a remake with martin sheen about 1975 .
this one proposes a trial of some sorts afterward .
in truth , there was several incidents on the titanic alone that involved lack of room in lifeboats , one such situation was the lifeboat had standing room only and the survivors appeared to be walking on water as they edge of the boat was that close to the water , but no one was passed over the side .
this movie possessed no more thought and insight other than to go `` what would you do ? ``
if you were in a similar situation .
i could n't help but notice there would even be an incident with a shoe , which occurred in hitch 's lifeboat .
i think mai zetterling threw the shoe overboard .
just a lot of intense , overly melodramatic nonsense .
definitely check out lifeboat for much greater thought and human development .

-1
`` the amazing colossal man `` takes an issue of serious social , political , and scientific import in the 50s - atmospheric testing of atomic bombs , which people worried about even then - and turns it into a joke .
in doing so , it ceases to be merely a reflection of 50s paranoia or even a breeding ground for camp humor .
it becomes a political instrument in itself , saying that nuclear test fallout was not to be taken seriously .
in doing so , it is much more sinister and damaging than just a innocuous , drive-in b movie .

-1
d.w. griffith gets his ax , kisses his wife , and tweaks his baby ; then , woodsman griffith is off to work .
while he 's chopping down trees , a huge eagle swoops down and kidnaps his unattended baby .
mother emerges and discovers the eagle has taken her child ; she picks up a rifle , but , wisely , thinks before shooting at the airborne pair .
instead , she goes to get griffith and his fellow woodsmen , who must see that the baby is `` rescued from an eagle 's nest `` .
notable for its star , lawrence griffith , who would soon begin unprecedented success as film director d.w. griffith .
the `` special effects `` look very phony - and , that baby has incredibly odd looking feet , while in flight !
griffith 's final battle with the eagle is mildly interesting , but there is n't much else here .
it might have been a fair film if edison and company had the bird nesting in a tree cut , or likely to be chopped down , by the woodsmen .
or , they could have made the bird a vulture ... ** rescued from an eagle 's nest ( ) j. searle dawley ~ d.w. griffith , henry b. walthall , miss earle

-1
in the u.s. southwestern desert , indian maiden mary pickford ( as iola ) is trapped by scum combing cut-throats .
they fight over who is to have his way with ms. pickford .
along comes yankee prospector alfred paget , who rescues pickford , and takes her to his cabin .
thinking mr. paget is like all white men , she expects to be raped ; instead , she is given food ; and , so , she falls in love with her savior .
but , paget has a sweetheart ( dorothy bernard ) , who sends a letter announcing her arrival .
paget goes out prospecting , and pickford follows .
he shows her a gold stone , and she promises to let him know if she should happen upon one .
pickford returns to her own , savage people ; but , she remembers her promise .
pickford goes unbelievably overboard in her gratitude , later in the film .
it 's also possible that her `` cross your heart `` gesture , when she makes her promise , is meant to be a religious experience .
this d.w. griffith effort is rather more insulting than exciting .
the extras are an illustrious lot .
** iola 's promise ( ) d.w. griffith ~ mary pickford , alfred paget , dorothy bernard

-1
in 1914 , charlie chaplin began making pictures .
these were made for mack sennett ( also known as `` keystone studios `` ) and were literally churned out in very rapid succession .
the short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed .
as a result , the films , though popular in their day , were just awful by today 's standards .
many of them bear a strong similarity to home movies featuring obnoxious relatives mugging for the camera .
many others show the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing .
and , regardless of the outcome , keystone sent them straight to theaters .
my assumption is that all movies at this time must have been pretty bad , as the keystone films with chaplin were very successful .
the charlie chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in chaplin 's career with keystone .
by 1915 , he signed a new lucrative contract with studios and the films improved dramatically with chaplin as director .
however , at times these films were still very rough and not especially memorable .
no , chaplin as the cute little tramp was still evolving .
in 1916 , when he switched to mutual studios , his films once again improved and he became the more recognizable nice guy -- in many of the previous films he was just a jerk ( either getting drunk a lot , beating up women , provoking fights with innocent people , etc . ) .
the final evolution of his little tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films .
the entire plot involves charlie bonking mack sennett on the head with a mallet repeatedly .
that 's all , ... really .

-1
if this had n't been the tramp 's premiere , there 'd be no sense in watching it .
very primitive comedy -- the whole film is a 7-minute shtick that consists of chaplin standing in front of a cameraman who 's trying to shoot an auto race .
this is repeated for the length of the film .
like most of chaplin 's first one and two-reelers , the comedy is almost completely obscured by the crudity of the film technique .
as in most of the 1914 films , it 's sometimes almost impossible to make out what 's happening on screen , the technical side of things is so elementary .
but it is the tramps first appearance , so it will always have that claim on our attention .

-1
i watched `` the coward `` because , as a huge buster keaton fan , i wanted to see a movie he 'd likely been spoofing bits of in `` the general `` .
i do n't know how it looked to audiences of 1915 , but to a modern audience , `` the coward `` often looks like a spoof itself .
charles ray portrays frank winslow , the stately and handsome son of proud former colonel jefferson beverly winslow ( frank keenan ) .
the colonel is an amiable enough husband , showing his wife genuine affection , but he 's a steadfast old soldier as well , with no patience for those who do n't eagerly rush off to battle .
frank , more a lover than a fighter , is scared witless at the idea of being cannon fodder .
he tries to screw up the courage to enlist , like everyone else is gaily doing , but his nerve fails him and he goes home , confessing his fear to his white-haired mother .
dear old dad considers this such a blow to the family honor that he pulls out a pistol and makes it pretty plain to frank that the alternative to being shot at by yankees on the battlefield is being plugged between the eyes by his father at home .
to say the acting is overblown is understatement .
dad 's reactions to his son look more like symptoms of neurological problems than they resemble human emotion -- alternating between catatonia and a sort of standing seizure .
if he was a dog , you 'd shoot him .
it 's fun to see the bits keaton played with in `` the general `` -- the enlistment office scene , tossing away the picture of the disgraced young ` un , hiding under the tablecloth , stealing a uniform to sneak past the enemy .
it 's worth watching for that alone .
and some of the affectionate moments between the colonel and his wife were refreshing .
but i 'd not give it a second viewing .

-1
very difficult to follow film .
teenagers bobby vernon and gloria swanson are most recognizable .
ms. swanson drives fast .
after mr. vernon helps her with car trouble , swanson almost hits him .
in the most notable part , swanson gets the idea to dress up as a man , while examining men 's clothing from a suitcase .
she goes to a party in `` drag `` and takes off with vernon for a nut sundae ; instead , they seem to do shots .
vernon does not recognize swanson is his female friend .
next , the pair go to meet vernon 's girlfriend near a fountain ; but , swanson in drag lures her away ... more stuff happens .
everyone seems to be having fun ; i 'm not sure viewers will feel included .
** the danger girl ( ) clarence g. badger ~ bobby vernon , gloria swanson , helen bray

-1
the above remark is not a slam against mr. brinkley .
he was a fine news reporter but he just is n't a name one associates with comedy -- that is why i made the comparison .
if you 'd like , substitute your own unfunny name instead ( such as queen elizabeth , c. everett koop or george wallace ( the governor , not the comedian ) ) .
i recently have rented several dvds from netflix that fall under the title `` old time comedy classics `` .
i know they have at least eight dvds , as this is volume 8 .
the previous dvds were earlier issues and were a good bit funnier than those in volume 8 , though i still have n't been all that impressed with any of the entries .
it seems that these are all lesser-known silent comedies and i can easily see why they are n't as well known -- most just are n't that funny .
of all the films in this installment , jim 's pardner is the least funny ... by far .
in fact , the film seems to have no intention of being funny and i just assume by volume 8 they ran out of comedies and just shoved in any old film they could find .
the film is about nugget jim and his young partner .
jim treats the partner pretty badly until eventually the partner fights back and stands up to the jerk .
wow ... this is about as good as it gets .
no laughs , no suspense and no particular reason to watch it .

-1
throughout most of her career , superstar beauty mae murray collaborated with director robert z. leonard , her husband , creating a long string of silent successes .
she often earned writing credit and participated in other aspects of production as well as acting .
this very early work is an amazingly imitative exercise in the `` art film `` category before mae was reinvented , utilizing her true talent and personality , as the glamorous `` girl with the bee stung lips . ``
here , mae is a pure and simple mary pickford imitator as were so many stars of the earliest silent era , and the film itself is a patent imitation -- although lacking the brilliance -- of d.w. griffith conception and directorial excellence .
please look to plot summary contributed elsewhere .

-1
this is n't a buster keaton film ; it 's merely a film starring keaton .
having keaton star in this feature-length , supposedly film ( as opposed to the short comedies keaton himself made ) was a shrewd business move by joseph schenck , to boost keaton 's popularity for his upcoming projects , especially among the critics .
it 's an ironic twist that today `` the saphead `` is only as widely circulated as it is because of its association to keaton .
keaton was one of the greatest screen comedians and , at times , was an innovative filmmaker .
, however , made this film .
the light melodrama is worthless , and i think the comedy is n't funny .
to have keaton only act as a good-natured idiot is to limit and waste his talents .
the film itself is a filmed play , with yappy intertitles and an awkward mix of melodrama and comedy , none of which works .
keaton understood comedy -- the gags , timing and momentum .
watch keaton 's best films ( even his lesser ones ) and you can see the huge difference between them and this -- how and why they are funny and this is n't .
keaton also knew that cinema is n't theatre , that intertitles should be used economically in silent film , and he knew how to parody melodrama to mix cohesively within a comedy .
`` the saphead `` can be , at least , instructive in demonstrating how good keaton 's films are .
( note : some scenes are slightly damaged .
)

-1
being a genuine film buff , i could n't miss out on this one when it was shown on television .
it is quite easy to see why the creators of this fluff wanted to bury this incredibly ludicrous film .
the biggest stars of their time also seem to realize that they have somehow been forced to make something of what has to be one of the most awful screenplays to ever make it to the big screen .
swanson is on holiday when she nearly drowns and is rescued by ... valentino !
later on she is climbing mountains somewhere in the alps and nearly dies .
but who just happens to be there ( again ) to save her in the nick of time ( again ) ?
yes , it 's valentino .
and when swanson has dinner in one of the numerous parisian restaurants , disaster strikes again when she inadvertently drops her handkerchief !
guess who ( once again ) just happens to be in the same restaurant at the exact same time to ( once again ) play the romantic hero by retrieving handkerchief ?
it would have been more credible had rudolph the reindeer been there to liven things up , because the creators of this film apparently despised their audience so much , that they believed we might actually fall for this ridiculous story .
one the fans could have ( and , for my part , should have ) done without .
still , strangely fascinating to see these two together ...

-1
i have been viewing the great detective on film as a progression , through the years , since the early part of the 20th century .
i 'm sure it was fascinating for readers of the stories to watch our hero develop , and there have since been countless literary expositions on holmes and anything accompanying him .
it has likewise been a lot of fun watching different portrayals on the screen .
i have enjoyed the eille norwood productions immensely , and of course can strongly recommend messieurs rathbone and brett in the role .
other commendable cinematic or televised sherlocks include charlton heston , peter cushing , christopher plummer , nicol williamson -- a lot of good men have played sherlock holmes .
but this one is the very worst one i 've seen , except for a short burlesque by douglas fairbanks sr. .
mr. barrymore shows zero intellectual processing -- that 's right , none .
he is in a daze .
can you can imagine sherlock holmes in a daze ?
i understand he was intoxicated for most of the production , and it shows .
if he was a great actor , he was a pitiful interpretor .
i would doubt he ever read a holmes story .
the film has some good features , as delineated by mr. morris in the review above this one .
it is of some historical interest .
it might even be a fairly good movie of its day .
but , when laid beside the hound of the baskervilles starring jeremy brett , you have a turkey .

-1
at least the 1939 film is a classic in its own right .
this 1925 travesty takes the source material and urinates all over it .
this has got to be the worst comedy i 've ever seen .
i can not judge larry semon as a comedian as i have yet to see any of the shorts he made before this , but my god , he is not the least bit amusing in this .
there 's so much wrong with this movie : inconsistent characterization , tired gags that must have been old hat even by 1925 , a racist caricature who eats watermelon and gets spooked easily , an 18 year old dorothy who certainly looks older than that , a pointless framing device , endless padding , and the fact that the viewer often has no clue as to what the hell is going on .
and the less said about that awful , incomprehensible ending the better ... unless you 're a masochist , stay far away from this one .

-1
there were quite a few motion picture versions of l. frank baum 's famous stories before 1939 's `` the wizard of oz . ``
four are lost .
in 1910 there was `` the wonderful wizard of oz `` ( 13 minutes ) .
a few years later , frank baum himself produced three wizard of oz movies , the most notable being `` his majesty , the scarecrow of oz `` ( 1914 ) .
it just might be the best version before 1939 .
larry semon 's `` wizard of oz `` ( 1925 ) , produced six years after baum 's death , is dreadful .
now , to be fair , it should be stated that the production values are high , and the stunt work is excellent .
but where is the fairy tale -- or the heart -- of what resembles baum 's oz ?
there are no witches or toto or magical fantasy .
rather , the film is a silent showpiece for comedic actor larry semon , who not only the basic story-line , but morphs it into a bizarre tale that ultimately bankrupted him .
semon relied on slapstick , not on intelligent plot .
and the characters are so inconsistent ! !
did l. frank baum jr. really co-write this beauty ?
the movie commences with semon , starring as an toymaker ( in one of several roles ) , who is coaxed into reading the wizard of oz tale by his granddaughter .
the pages of the book are turned , and we see the opening credits .
next we are in oz , then kansas .
dorothy ( played by dorothy dwan ) -- semon 's new wife and a bit older than the dorothy of the book -- is constantly brutalized by her ill-tempered and corpulent uncle henry , although aunt em is nice .
later , uncle henry will suddenly and strangely become dorothy 's protector in the land of oz , before he again turns malicious before film 's end .
anyhow , dorothy , puzzled by uncle henry 's behavior , complains to auntie em , who explains that henry is not her real uncle .
it seems that dorothy was the rightful heir to the faraway throne of oz , but as an infant she was sent away and left on em and henry 's doorstep with a note stating that an attached secret letter should not be opened for 18 years .
then , prince kynd 's position was usurped by a bad trio of prime minister kruel , ambassador , and `` able aide `` lady .
as dorothy is turning 18 years old , the letter is opened .
it explains that she must return to claim her inheritance .
meanwhile kruel sends and some henchmen in a biplane ( !
) to steal the letter before it is opened ; they are unsuccessful .
so why was n't the letter originally destroyed by kruel , before he had left baby dorothy in kansas ?
anyway , a gigantic tornado carries dorothy , uncle henry , and two farmhands to oz .
lightning transports a third farmhand ( snowball ) there too .
at the same time , the people of oz -- aroused from their 18-year slumber -- are assembling before 's throne , finally wondering what had happened to princess dorothy ( !
) .
next we are told that the wizard ( charles murray ) is just a fake who is commanded to do oddities to distract the unhappy populace .
as a title card states , `` the wizard was just a medicine side-show hokum hustler , but he fitted in nicely as the prime minister 's `` yes-man . ``
then another title card reads , `` do your stuff , ! ``
so `` `` produces from a large wicker the `` phantom of the basket , `` an appalling transvestite whose dance mesmerizes the people , but not prince kynd .
afterward the wizard turns good .
the three farmhands are played by oliver n. hardy , semon , and spencer bell .
yep , that 's the same hardy who later teamed with stan laurel ( 1926 ) after the movie bankrupted semon .
hardy , who is not as fat as he would later become , is `` transformed `` by the wizard into the tin woodsman .
but in a wacky twist , he turns bad for the rest of the movie !
he becomes the new `` knight of the garter , `` and continues to yearn for dorothy ( ! !
) .
ugh !
but then , dorothy here is not so innocent , but quite mature .
hmmm .
see , you were warned that this movie is bizarre !
hardy would meet his end when he falls from a tower .
and yet he earlier survived a similar high fall on the kansas farm !
semon would become the wizard 's scarecrow in oz , and also would court dorothy , who is really destined for prince kynd .
obese uncle henry becomes `` the prince of whales . ``
get it ?
by the way , aunt em vanishes after the tornado struck kansas .
as there was no explanation , she presumably died in the twister .
after price kynd regains the throne , and dorothy 's situation is righted , one would think that -- at the very least -- he would throw dictator kruel into jail .
but he does n't , as he has to sort things out .
hmmm .
with the `` investigation `` protracted , kruel regains some power , and uncle henry and tin woodsman hardy become his henchmen .
later the defeated kruel explains that he had to send baby dorothy away , or else another court faction would have executed her .
so there was still another court faction ?
the third farmhand , snowball ( spencer bell ) , is a negro who is superstitious and easily frightened , and likes watermelon ( hmmm ) .
he is billed as g. howe black ( one of his movie pseudonyms ) .
get it ?
and yet he later dons a lion suit ( cowardly lion ) , and scares away the bad guys in the dungeon 's torture room .
near the end snowball becomes a hero of sorts as he flies a biplane ( ! ! !
) with semon hanging onto a rope ladder .
but the ladder suddenly snaps , and semon falls from a high elevation for the third time .
snowball may be the only character to `` escape `` oz !
but then a scarecrow doll inexplicably falls from a shelf , and the little granddaughter awakens from her dream .
yes , this is all truly weird , and there are still other things wrong with this adaptation .
see this disaster once to say you saw it , and then let it go .
but it is so difficult to believe that this nonsense was put into film !

-1
this movie was reportedly the one that sunk larry semon 's career .
instead of the usual short films he was known for , semon decided to do something `` important `` and made this ( for the time ) long film adaptation of the wizard of oz , ... or at least that 's what the title indicates it should be .
the story , it seems , bears little similarity to either the 1939 movie or the books .
in fact , apart from a few names here and there , it is pretty much unrecognizable as the story about dorothy and oz .
instead , it was just an excuse to string along a lot of familiar and not especially funny gags -- like i have seen in several other larry semon films , the big stunt is his swinging from tower to tower .
a neat stunt the first time you see it , but not when it 's old material and has nothing to do with the plot .
overall , i consider this movie a wasted effort .
i know that semon could be funny -- like he was in his short films .
but here , it 's just a confusing and dreary mess .
likewise , having oliver hardy in the film should have been an asset , but he was pretty much wasted as well .
while not exactly a classic , the 1910 short silent version was much better and stuck closer to the original story and the 1939 version is a classic .
this one is better off staying forgotten or seen by the morbidly curious as the project that may have ultimately destroyed semon 's career .
ps -- in addition to being a terrible movie , there is a black man named `` snowflake `` that likes to eat watermelon !
ugghh ! ! !

-1
oh did i want this one to work .
i am sure a lot of you , including me , had high hopes for this silent version of the w of o in the hopes that you could compare the two .
well , better make a short ( or long ) list , because the 1941 version is nothing like this one .
this silent version is a very very long winded and boring rendition of the tale .
gone are the witches , tornadoes , munchkins and the yellow brick road .
from what i understand , dorothy is the long lost queen of oz ( by way of being dropped far far away from oz as a baby ) , and she quite by accident arrives in oz by way of flying house ( well , at least they got that part right .
soon , some of the companions in the house become the lion , the tin man and a scarecrow ( do n't ask ) , while dorothy rather likes the position she is given and starts ignoring all that were dear and true to her .
what will happen next ?
who cares ?
just pretend that the judy garland edition was the first one to come along and spare yourself the time and agony .
oh , and if you rent the reel media video version , be prepared for an oddball soundtrack and some audio transcription of the titles in the movie .

-1
if this movie were shot in 2007 instead of 1927 , would you still rate it so high , you imdb clique of `` classic `` movie fans ?
here 's the thing : it was a great movie for its time , no doubt about that .
but time has moved forward .
nowadays acting actually looks real , films have dialog instead of caricaturist intertitles and exaggerated facial expressions , and , like it or not , special effects are done using computers and look much more realistic .
look , we do n't wear 1920 's clothes any more .
we do n't decorate our houses as we did 80 years ago .
to say nothing of technology - we 've moved so much ahead .
please stop rating this movie so high just because it was good 80 years ago .
as of today , it 's pretty bad .

-1
this melodrama finds itself changing in tone throughout , from mystery to comedy to romance to horror , and fails on all counts to produce a reasonable degree of entertainment .
set in , on and about a deserted house in florida 's bayou region , the plot involves inheritance of the house by lynn claymore , ( francis x bushman , jr. ) from an uncle of whom he was unaware and his arrival at the property to take possession , while having to deal with a hotchpotch of odd characters , each of whom presents an unknown agenda .
these include a damsel in apparent distress , played by kathryn mcguire , a favorite leading lady of buster keaton , a lawyer , a chinaman , a negro valet , a united and sinister butler and housekeeper , a paralytic gentleman , and others .
in addition , the influence of a cloaked individual must be mentioned , as he is continually skulking about , disappearing into secret passages , and generally making the rest of the cast quite uneasy .
the valet is played by martin turner who must have influenced eddie ( rochester ) anderson 's style , as the latter 's mannerisms are virtually interchangeable with those of the whimsical turner , upon whose scenes one becomes increasingly willing to invest attention , as they are a welcome shift from the preposterous and script .
the editing is indifferent at best , with some scenes being switched in continuity , and the direction by bennett cohen is by the numbers .
those minutes when bushman , and jack perrin as the probate lawyer , are alone and in conversation are effective due to their relaxed rapport and , if there were more of such , the grotesquerie would have been more palatable .
the film includes a most quaint fight sequence with the large and athletic bushman having an extraordinarily difficult time in subduing a somewhat unprepossessing rival , with the action , because of odd editing , continuing for about 20 minutes , while the other players remain determined to go about their business .
the engagingly original and score is played in witty fashion at the wurlitzer by the talented rosa rio , who began her career in the 1920s in large theatres about new york and who achieved widespread and national acclaim for her musicality as accompanist to silent cinema .
her contribution and the efforts by turner are not enough aid in suppressing feelings of ennui for most viewers of this cartoonish mishmash .

-1
badly written and badly directed , this film is only of historical interest , perhaps as an early example of the old dark house genre , or of the racial stereotyping of blacks as fearful , as superstitious , and as otherwise stupid .
( there is also a stereotypical chinaman in this movie .
) there is relatively little story here : a young man has been informed by a lawyer that the young man is an heir to an estate that includes an old dark house .
he and various persons arrive , for various reasons yet all on the same day , for his first night there .
one of them is a young woman who is subsequently menaced by a cloaked figure who makes use of secret passages within and to the house .
eventually the cloaked figure seizes the young woman , and he is pursued .
during this pursuit and the fight that erupts , the respective roles of the other characters are revealed .
the internal logic of the story fails repeatedly .
for example , early in the story the audience sees the cloaked figure climbing in and out of windows of the old dark house , but there does n't seem to have been a good reason at that point for him not to have simply used the hallways within the house .
the cloaked figure has , as it turns out , a good reason to menace the young woman ; but he also menaces the black servant for no good reason .
twice the young man responds to cries for help as if wondering just what `` help ! ``
might mean .
his initial response to the cloaked figure is as if such things are merely a nuisance to be expected in one 's home .
after the cloaked figure has seized the young woman , it eventually dawns on the young man that her situation might be urgent , but his subsequent search for her is rather desultory , and includes a pause during which he and another white fellow mock the black servant as a foolish braggart .
none of the ostensible good guys are inclined to dash when they could walk briskly , and one is lucky if they do even that .
during the final conflict between the young man and the cloaked figure , the other good guys essentially , as if having joined the audience ( albeit with a greater level of interest than the audience must now feel ) .

-1
when i purchased the dvd for this film , it was listed under comedies .
however , two people end up dead and i 'm one of these folks who does n't find death funny - ever !
raymond griffith , who plays the french soldier lew ayers kills in the early talkie `` all quiet on the western front `` plays the coroner in this so-called comedy .
he was about as funny as that dying solider in `` all quiet ... `` .
one thing you see in several early scenes , before you see any faces in fact , is a black cat .
the cat is funnier .
a party is going on .
a man orders the music to stop because a precious brooch has been stolen .
the lights go out shortly thereafter and when they come back on , the man is dead .
griffith spends much of the movie deducing who the killer is .
apparently , a coroner was a highly-respected position then because the police are all obedient to him , to the point when he seems like their master .
at one point , he tells a policeman to get a coroner 's jury .
he round them up .
they include a milkman , a hot dog vendor , a good-time girl and a sea captain among others .
dorothy sebastian plays who is suspected of murder .
at some point she falls for griffth ( only the lord knows why !
) .
toward the end of the movie , griffith has her arrested for murder .
a gentleman comes up to congratulate him and is proved to be the murderer .
after a news photographer takes some picture , he and dorothy sprint out the door and head to the theater .
the reason this moves gets a `` 2 `` instead of a `` 1 `` is because of all the well-dressed ladies in it .
after griffith finds a bead off of a woman 's dress , he has a policeman line up the ladies .
paramount did a good job picking those .
still that 's not enough reason to watch this attempted comedy .

-1
cantor rabinowitz ( warner oland ) wants his son jackie to sing traditional jewish religious songs at the temple .
jackie likes only signing jazz and , after his father beats him , he runs away from home .
twenty years later he 's changed his name to jack robin ( al jolson ) and is a jazz ... albeit not successful .
he then meets beautiful mary dale ( may mcavoy ) who helps him become a big star .
but his father is dying and wants him to sing for him before he dies and ( would n't you know it ?
) this happens on the opening night of his big break .
yawn .
what a cornball story !
this was old even in 1927 when this was made .
it 's more funny now than dramatic .
the clichã©s come flying left and right -- some of them were so overdone i could n't believe it !
i was rolling my eyes and smirking almost nonstop .
if this was n't one of the first talking pictures and did n't have jolson in it , it would have disappeared long ago .
also this ( technically ) is n't an all talking picture .
it has sequences of dialogue and signing from jolson but it 's mostly a silent with title cards and everything .
cornball story aside the acting did n't impress me .
i 'm no fan of jolson .
i do admit his acting was n't too bad but i hated his songs and did n't think he was much of a singer .
when the sound came on when he was signing i kept hoping it could switch back to silent !
also he does two numbers in black face .
i realize that was considered ok back in 1927 but it comes across as appalling and racist today .
the rest of the actors overact to a startling degree -- but that was how silent film stars did act so i ca n't fault them .
a real bad film but i give it a 2 because it is historically important .
anyone who interested in cinema should see it at least once .

-1
have the fans of tod browning and lon chaney ever stopped to consider the utter absurdity of the premise of the unknown ?
a fugitive from the law must hide deformed thumbs that would give him away .
the best idea he can think of is to pretend to be armless and get a job in the circus throwing knives with his feet .
before he can carry out this ideal plan , he only needs to manage enough pedal dexterity to be able to miss by inches his female partner played by joan crawford .
and he does !
after he overcomes this one small obstacle , he masters all the other tasks he had once performed with his hands : smoking , eating , and drinking .
it boggles the mind !
as for chaney 's acting , he could be great ; he could also be god-awful .
in the phantom of the opera he at least had that wonderful make-up to hide behind .
in this film his emotionalism is annoying and schmaltzy .

-1
this movie makes a big mistake in one area : it does n't provide enough written dialog .
you watch this film for interminable minutes not knowing what the people are saying !
it 's frustrating and makes for an extremely slow movie .
it gets to be like pulling teeth to try to finish watching it .
the 100 minutes feel more like 1,000 .
not only that , the story is a real downer , and i certainly was n't surprised to hear that this was a disaster at the box office .
word must have gotten out .
the only memorable facet to this film - to me , as a male - was ogling louise brooks , a beautiful and sexy woman .
she had one of the prettier faces of her day .
the supporting cast was okay , but nothing memorable , even gustav diesel as the `` ripper . ``
maybe like other viewers , back then and today , i was expecting a lot more .
this is yet one more example of critics fooling us .
it 's `` in `` to praise everything brooks did , so beware .
watching this movie will disappoint you , big-time !

-1
based on the play `` lulu `` about a prostitute in the days of jack the ripper , this film is an attempt to show the prostitute as a victim of those who are using her .
i have to admit that i found louise brookes 's performance very lacklustre , and her sexuality little more than that of a sack of unwashed potatoes .
this is not the fault of miss brookes ; if anyone gets any blame , it is the director .
louise brookes was quite capable of playing silent films in a classic style .
those who say that brookes should have been replaced with dietrich or damita are missing this point , although i admit that damita would have made a better fist of lulu simply because she was a more capable silent actress .
the support cast are fine , and gustav diesel makes a very sinister ripper .
the talking point is the portrayal of lulu .
pabst wanted to try something different ; but it just did n't come off .
instead of understated , it is tedious ; and it will take much more than a pageboy hairstyle to make it otherwise .
this film was a pandora 's box-office disaster , and deservedly so .

-1
harry langdon was a uniquely gifted silent clown with a style all his own .
a number of the short comedies he made for mack sennett in the mid-1920s retain their quirky charm , and the first couple of features he appeared in still hold up quite well , but as soon as harry took over the reins and started producing and directing his own movies he fumbled the job and managed to wreck his career with dizzying speed .
`` three 's a crowd , `` langdon 's first solo job , took a decent premise and squandered it through awkward timing , weak gags , and sticky sentimentality , but unfortunately his second self-produced effort `` the chaser `` makes its predecessor look like a masterpiece .
this time , harry took a story idea that was wrong-headed and distasteful from day one and created a movie that is just about impossible to enjoy .
the introductory title cards suggest that this is going to be a battle of the sexes comedy with a male bias , i.e . the innocent husband versus those unreasonable harpies who make his life hell .
other comedians would venture into this dicey territory occasionally and do alright with it ( think of laurel & hardy , charley chase , w. c. fields , etc . ) but harry 's first mistake here was to stack the deck so thoroughly in his own favor .
we 're commanded to feel sorry for him from the get-go , whether we want to or not .
during the film 's opening sequence harry 's wife and mother-in-law take turns chewing him out over the phone , while he sits motionless , listening .
the poor guy 's crime , it turns out , is that he 's been staying out at his lodge every night until 8:30 and the womenfolk are furious .
is n't that just like a woman , being so unfair ?
once he comes home the situation escalates alarmingly between harry and his mother-in-law , however , to the point where she becomes crazed and pulls a gun on him .
all three principles wind up in court , but harry gets all the blame and is slapped with a truly weird sentence by the judge .
get this : in order to `` realize his responsibilities `` as a husband harry must stay at home in a dress for 30 days doing housework while his wife dons men 's clothing and goes off to some unspecified office to be the breadwinner .
okay , no one should expect gender issue ` correctness ' from a comedy made in 1928 , but this is just bizarre .
and it gets worse : although harry 's emasculation consists of little more than being forced to make breakfast for his gruff , wife ( admittedly while he 's wearing a skirt ) , his misery is emphasized at the expense of any humor .
when harry sadly looks outside , the barred window he 's gazing through is clearly meant to resemble that of a jail-house .
oh , but there 's naughty comedy relief to perk things along : every peddler , milkman and ice man who appears at the door instantly assumes that harry is the lady of the house -- although he looks like his usual self from the waist up -- and makes a pass at him .
yuck !
before long , naturally enough , harry is ready to end it all and attempts suicide , but instead of taking poison he accidentally takes cod liver oil .
after he races to the toilet the camera lingers for a very long moment on the darkened hallway , giving us lots of time to ponder the physical effect of the laxative .
is it my imagination , or has our producer/director lost his hold on the average viewer by this point ?
and it gets even worse !
when harry 's wife comes home she mistakenly believes that her husband has actually killed himself , and the camera lingers on a seemingly endless close-up of the woman as she sobs miserably , making her mascara run .
i guess the mascara smeared under her eyes was supposed to get a laugh .
along about this point i think mr. langdon must have recognized that his movie was sinking fast , so he turned the second half into a retread of one of his best sennett comedies , `` saturday afternoon . ``
roly-poly bud jamison ( filling in for roly-poly vernon dent ) shows up , rescues harry from his drudgery , gets him back into manly slacks and takes him off to the golf course .
it 's a relief to us all , but the ensuing routines feel uninspired and a little desperate .
and then , as if to demonstrate that wearing that skirt did n't him , harry encounters some girls frolicking in a park , kisses a few at random and makes them swoon .
how ?
why ?
by this point it does n't much matter .
towards the end , when harry 's car plummets down a slope he crashes through a billboard advertising a movie called `` over the hill , `` but the gag takes on an unhappy double meaning as we consider the trajectory of our star comedian 's career .
the nicest thing i can say in conclusion is that harry 's failures are just as quirky and off-the-wall as his successes , but the successes sure are a lot more fun .
after seeing this misfire you 'll want to rush back to `` the strong man `` to remind yourself how harry langdon earned his reputation as a great clown in the first place .

-1
harry langdon was a very peculiar genius , with his own odd rhythms and his own odd character .
he was , in his day , enormously influential .
it was his slow pace , his willingness to let the audience get ahead of his baby-faced naif , that so influenced stan laurel that he , too , began to slow his pace , creating the mr. laurel all fans of old movies love and cherish .
but that slow pacing calls for an extremely careful balance , and here the edifice topples over , so that when i saw this movie in a theater with a crowd of langdon fans , i fell asleep ... and there was no laughter to wake me up .
when i awoke , there was harry in a house dress with a milk man trying to seduce him ... and harry was playing his bewildered , inert screen self ... and it suddenly occurred to me that if he did n't care , there was no reason i should , so i stood up and walked outside into the sunlight .
lest you think it is because i simply do n't get langdon , well , i do n't think that 's the case .
it 's just that every once in a while something comes along to snap our suspension of disbelief in a work of fiction , and this was one of those times .
i can look at the cheap shorts he turned out in the early 1930s and enjoy him playing with a rubber hose .
but this feature simply does n't work .
alas .

-1
the film begins with a father ( andy clyde ) announcing his daughter 's engagement .
it 's obvious she is not thrilled about this and soon her lover appears to elope with her -- leaving her fiancã© in the dust .
the fiancã© and her dad pursue them as they look for a minister to legitimize their love .
along the way , a variety of very old fashioned sight gags are used -- all of which i have seen in movies also made by mack sennett studios a decade or so earlier .
the 1920s and 30s were not kind to mack sennett .
the once king of slapstick was now scrambling to find work and pay bills , as hal roach and other producers of comedies had now surpassed him -- mostly because sennett 's style was hopelessly locked in the same pattern he made so great in the teens and the gags were by now tired and repetitive .
while car chases , people dressed in ridiculous cow costumes and bees in people 's pants might have seemed funny , by the time this film came out it was all passã© .
quite simply , roach 's comedians like laurel and hardy , charley chase and the our gang were able to change with the times and transitioned well from a broad physical style of comedy ( of the silents ) to the sound era .
however , bees ' buzz is practically speaking , an older style silent film with some added sound .
and to make things worse , the once very funny andy clyde ( who wrote and acted in many silent classics ) is wasted here in this unfunny mess .
it 's no coincidence that the film 's opening and closing emblem is a dog -- as this film is definitely one for the dogs !
do n't believe the amazingly high score on imdb for this public domain film -- find it on the web and watch it for yourself to see how low sennett had fallen .

-1
in 1895 , 16-year-old talbot mundy fled the strait-laced victorian upbringing of his native england for a life of adventure .
he crossed the entire northern frontier of india , toward tibet , spent four years in africa , and traveled the middle east in the wake of world war i. colonial odysseys of the time led most writers to echo rudyard kipling 's support of british imperialism or sax rohmer 's `` yellow peril . ``
not mundy .
his fantasy-adventure books challenged assumptions of western cultural superiority .
mundy 's writing , such as om -- the secret of valley , tros of , and queen cleopatra , were based in eastern religious teaching , informed by his membership in the society in san diego , california .
radio won him an audience of millions of daily listeners in the 1930s .
however , he had much less luck in hollywood .
mundy 's second book , king -- of the khyber rifles ( 1917 ) , had become an instant classic , telling of the fabulous yasmini , who tries to conquer india .
mundy was a believer in full equality between the sexes , and such female characterizations were vivid and proactive .
native figures , especially indians , often dominated mundy 's novels , placed in the position of imparting eastern wisdom to western characters .
fox bought the screen rights to king -- of the khyber rifles in 1928 .
at the end of the year douglas z. offered a continuity outline , placing king in the `` black watch , `` the first introduction of the key idea preserved in the final screenplay .
gunga is no longer a persona assumed by yasmini , but a separate character , presumably because the androgynous combination of a woman who sometimes disguised herself as a man was regarded as too complex , or unusual , for audiences to fathom .
the decision was made to film in sound , and a new writer , james kevin mcguinness , was brought in for dialogue .
after production , the american release title was changed from king of the khyber rifles to the black watch , while the original title was retained in the united kingdom .
donald king is summoned by the war office and told that since he knows and hindustani like a native , he must prevent a holy war about to be incited by yasmini , a goddess to the troublesome .
the assignment requires king apparently leave the regiment as a slacker .
only after twenty four minutes does the black watch finally shift to the center of action -- `` -- on the northern frontier of british india -- near the khyber pass `` -- but the movie 's locale is never convincing as india .
king meets his father 's old companion , major mohammed khan , who prays `` for all the violence i have displayed toward my fellow men , allah forgive me . ``
he is lifted from another mundy novelette , `` for the salt which he had eaten , `` to which fox had also bought the rights .
officially deemed too old , khan is glad to join king for a secret mission .
khan is the only character in the entire film redolent of mundy , and as played by mitchell lewis , is perhaps the best acted individual as well .
finally , with more than half the film over , the narrative is about to reach the khyber pass ; only two-thirds of the film is set in india , and 40 % per cent in the hills -- versus nearly all of mundy 's book .
the mystical portrayal of the caves by mundy is replaced in the film with a cacophonous din of loud prayer and fighting men that resembles madison square garden gone mad .
rather than mundy 's emphasis on the indigenous people , in the black watch it is on the scots and the world war i subplot .
the scenes in england serve as a framing story , grounding the excursion into asian culture by showing another foreign tradition , scotland , one less foreign to the audience .
the mood of the indian scenes is destroyed by cross-cutting to the trenches of france , paralleling the front lines of france and king 's service in india .
yasmini reveals to the surprised king that she is a descendant of alexander the great .
she relates a prophecy that when a woman of alexander 's line shall find the mate ordained to rule these tribesman , they shall conquer together .
king 's restrained response is to wander to the other side of the room , saying `` it ca n't be , `` despite his growing love for her .
king 's men remove their native robes to reveal british uniforms , assembling their machine guns in a critical spot overlooking the cavern , bottling up the , and setting the stage for a struggle that is small and obviously ( the film was made for $ 400,000 ) .
yasmini , dressed in angelic white , says `` thou hast triumphed , `` and is shot by one of her own ; king lifts her away as his men 's machine guns spray the cavern .
king goes to yasmini 's room where her maids have placed her dying body .
in the moving death scene , the best of the film , the couple are clearly in love .
the final sequence parallels the opening , returning to a dinner of the black watch , their numbers thinned around a smaller table .
mclaglen turned out to be far more capable in his role than loy was in hers , particularly in the dialogue scenes .
the film was moderately successful , with an estimated gross of $ 800,000 .
ford 's direction won critical praise for its visual and auditory artistry , but not its narrative sense .
the style nullifies the adventurous elements , preventing the black watch from becoming the spectacle it might easily have been ; the largest number of extras go into the scene in the london railroad depot .
the entire movie is deliberately overdone , from the pacing to the acting .
the black watch is one of the most unusual , even bizarre , commercial movies made during the early years of sound movies .
it belongs to a time when the empire adventure , or adventure of any type in the colonies , had yet to be formulated as a cinematic genre ; on the screen , india was still treated more as melodrama than adventure .

-1
`` dance hall `` simply has the worst match of sound to picture i 've ever seen in any era .
there are all kinds of speculation here as to why it is so off , but speculate no more .
the solution is simply that whomever cut this picture used the wrong takes of soundtrack to go with the visual .
this is confirmed by the scene where arthur lake , as tommy , dances with his mother , played by margaret seddon ; as they dance , lake speaks a line which goes unheard , followed by a line spoken by seddon in response which falls roughly in the right place .
the editor picked a visual take where lake spoke the line and matched it to one where he did n't , however , seddon did not forget her line like lake did , and it comes in nearly where it should .
and scenes like this abound in `` dance hall ; `` even sequences that are matched to correct takes are a little off in the synchronization department .
from this standpoint alone , `` dance hall `` is a train wreck .
someone stated that you could it , but it would n't be worth it .
actually , even if you worked with a set of surviving discs , you still could n't sync it properly because they used the wrong takes ; the audio , for the most part , does not fit the action on screen .
i still feel a restoration would be worthwhile just to help us understand what the dialog is in the first place .
some scenes are very , very hard to understand , and a lot of the dialog is swallowed up in limiting ; the soundtrack is littered with pops and the sounds of splice marks .
however , even with an improved soundtrack , it might not improve the picture , at least by much .
it 's delmar 's first story credit , and not one destined to win her any oscar nominations , as `` the awful truth `` did .
`` dance hall `` is pretty bad in the story sense alone ; tommy and gracie ( olive borden ) are broke ballroom dancers , and tommy is pretty keen on gracie , but her emotional world is thrown into a tailspin when she is wood by no-good pilot ted ( ralph emerson ) .
and that short summary almost gives away the whole story .
arthur lake -- who plays the whole first scene without his pants -lsb- !
-rsb- -- is trapped in the kind of miserable juvenile role that humphrey bogart was often saddled with in his days on broadway .
lake is wasted ; as dagwood bumstead he was a kind of a comic genius , but here he is trying to play tommy as a lovable boob and only succeeds at making him a boob .
and it is not through inexperience ; lake had already been in dozens of pictures .
olive borden is lovely as gracie , but the part -- well -- it 's vapid .
supporting actors seddon and joseph cawthorn play stock characters and seem anxious to move on to the next picture , whatever it is .
visually , the direction , camera-work and cutting is strong for an early talkie ; the dance hall set is attractive and authentic , and the dance music is charming and catchy .
but the total package plays like a weak comedy that does n't have any gags in it .
everyone connected with it -- including producer william , who ultimately produced such classic comedies as `` it 's a gift , `` `` `` and took home the best picture oscar for `` cimarron `` a couple of years later -- must have been embarrassed beyond description by `` dance hall . ``
it is unlikely `` dance hall `` was made as a silent as there are few fades , actors do not `` wait `` for imagined title cards to pop up , or otherwise stall the action as is sometimes seen in talkies made both ways .
if you had the means to fix it , however -- all of the original soundtrack , including the right takes -- you would probably remove the element that is the most interesting thing about `` dance hall . ``
if you were teaching a film class and wanted to show the students how important sound editors are , and how a bad one could really screw up a picture , then this is the perfect vehicle for that .

-1
i love old mysteries , but this early sound film is a real `` `` .
the action is snail-paced , and the early sound recording makes it difficult to understand what most of the actors are saying .
all-in-all , a confusing film .

-1
i checked out this german silent film early in my film collecting days to get another look at the intriguing louise brooks , a controversial actress of her day whom i had read a lot of glowing tributes to her by critics .
however , like the other movie i watched her in , `` pandora 's box , `` this , too , i found boring .
it was way too soap opera-ish .
hey , everybody here is n't a drama queen .
the clincher for turning me off on this film was the anti-christian bias , something prevalent since film began .
here , we see a gym instructor with a big cross around her neck , in which the camera showed in closeups twice to make sure we got their point , and the woman was a sick sadist .
this is ploy filmmakers have been doing for years , right to this day .
too much talk in here was not translated , either .
that gets frustrating to watch .
brooks gets an inordinate amount of attention and praise simply because she was a big feminist before her time , so liberals gush over anything she did , even it stinks .
case in point .

-1
the copy of `` back pay `` that is being shown now on tcm is apparently a very truncated version .
over 20 minutes is missing -- as some studio types thought this change would make for a better feature .
it also is often a sign that a film is in trouble and the studio was desperate to make it more marketable .
so , this review is only for this short version .
`` back pay `` starts with one of the most unintentionally funny musical scenes i can recall .
corinne griffith is singing to her boyfriend but it seriously looks as if she is a zombie ! !
i have never seen anyone sing with less energy or conviction .
heck , her lips barely even move nor does she even twitch !
and , her boyfriend lies there as if he is dead !
seriously -- you just have to watch this opening to believe it .
now i know this is an early talking picture -- but even by the standards of 1930 it 's pretty awful .
and this gets me to the single biggest problem that ruins the film .
although i might have expected an early sound film to be stilted and have lousy acting , by 1930 this was not a problem in most films .
so , had the film come out in 1928 or even 1929 , i might have cut the film some slack .
however , the director must have either been insane or totally incompetent as the actors ( particularly but not exclusively griffith ) had poor delivery and many of the scenes should have been re-shot .
surely any sane director would have noticed the zombie-like delivery at the film 's beginning -- but this one apparently did not .
and , repeatedly , the actors seemed to have little in the way of delivery -- and they were allowed to give such lackluster performances .
they either talk too fast , too soft or look stilted .
as a result , the movie sucks .
i know this sounds mean , but it irritated me that miss griffith was allowed to give such a bad performance -- along with a cast of folks who seemed to have little idea how to act in a talking picture .
i you still decide to see this film , a few things to look for apart from griffith 's awful singing is the masseuse who can barely be understood , the scene with her old boyfriend where the actors keep talking over each other 's lines as well as when actors inexplicably talk too fast in some scenes .
some might blame the actors , but is n't it the director 's job to notice this and re-shoot these awful scenes ? !

-1
an absurd , prudish , , professor is taken with the tramp that performs at a local cabaret , to the point that he destroys himself over her .
big surprise .
that scenario was supposed to end in happiness ?
an extraordinarily twee , creepy clown ( is there some other types ) observes like a silent greek chorus , until jannings takes that role .
a classic movie is one that overcomes it 's age , not one that creaks with it .
this rather unlikely , facile story takes forever to proceed .
i was desperate for it to get moving or to provide me with something substantial to consider .
even with my interest in the weimar republic , i was bored stiff watching this .
the scenes vary between obvious and tedious .
i can go all the way back to about 1940 with movies , and love to do so ( i prefer older movies ) but once i get to the thirties just about all of them are too dated for my taste .
in the sense that , not only do i not recognize myself in the characters , i do n't even recognize the value of such desperately obvious material and film-making .
context is lovely , but it 's not going to make us sit through ` patch adams ' in 60 years .
i 'm stunned to see that this movie lingers on some critics top ten lists .
that 's just belaboring pretensions that this is somehow still relevant or meritorious .
rent carrie with oliver to view a man 's descent into degradation ( again , over a woman ) executed better .

-1
prof. rath ( emil jannings ) is a teacher who discovers that his pupils are visiting `` the blue angel `` cabaret club to see the girls there - and one girl in particular - lola lola ( marlene dietrich ) .
he goes there to catch the boys and throw them out but he ends up falling in love with lola .
his obsession with her leads to their marriage and he quits his teaching job and joins her troupe , at first selling postcards to customers .
the show goes on tour and eventually returns to perform at `` the blue angel `` but the once respected prof rath is now playing a clown as part of an act .
his humiliation is further increased by the arrival of mazeppa , the `` strong man `` ( hans albers ) .
how will prof. rath cope on his return to his old town ... ?
... ... the film starts very slowly and just gets slower and slower !
emil jannings gives a totally unbelievable portrayal of a pompous , superior who falls in love .
his character is an idiot .
nothing happens for long periods and we also have long drawn out silences to sit through .
dietrich appears looking slightly chunky and singing terribly .
she is also unbelievable as someone who falls in love .
she is meant to be streetwise and so there is no way that she would not be able to find a better suitor than jannings .
its a complete joke that she agrees to marry him .
a couple of the songs are repeated and they are all terrible .
the film is a waste of time and it seems to go on for 3 million hours .
it has the iconic marlene dietrich imagery but nothing else - this film is sh * t .

-1
this film , i suppose , is a comedy .
because of that , the cast was apparently informed to really overdo it -- with some of the broadest acting i have ever seen .
it was originally a stage production and in this case , it looks like they must have filmed it as it was done on stage -- loud and over-emoted .
captain applejack begins with ambrose home on a stormy night in his mansion .
he is dying for some adventure in his life , and almost immediately it begins !
people start coming in and out of his house at an alarming rate and he is deeply involved in all sorts of silly intrigue .
it 's like your typical `` old dark house `` film so common in this era but on steroids -- with everything coming rapidly and with no letup .
the first thing i noticed is how much kay sucked in this film !
this probably sounds very harsh , but when this actress came storming into the home of ambrose , i was just bowled over by how terrible her accents were .
she did n't know if she was supposed to be french , russian or just an idiot .
kids in high school productions usually have better accents than hers !
and , to top it off , within the first ten minutes of the film , three different women fainted -- talk about a load of malarkey !
these factors combined with the style of the production ( with people walking on and off camera much like they 'd do it in a play ) made me realize early on that i was in for a very long ride , indeed .
after several actors came in and out of the set , in came `` ivan `` ( arthur edmund ) to prove that was not the only actor who could produce a crappy and unconvincing russian accent !
i think , honestly , that any of the ritz brothers could have done this job better .
he was lousy , but fortunately he did n't stick around for long .
as for leading man john halliday , he also overdid it quite a bit .
in 1931 , perhaps people thought this was all a funny farce .
today , it mostly just seemed tedious .
i can not recommend this film to anyone -- even people who like bad films , as this one was n't bad enough to be funny -- it was just plain bad .
there is nothing really positive i can say about the movie other than it was blessedly short !
by the way , at about 32 minutes into the film , note the breast grabbing scene -- something you might just see in a pre-code film but you 'd never have seen once this production code was strengthened and adopted in 1934 .
quite a shocker , eh ?

-1
continuing my reviews of movies featuring african-americans in front of and behind the camera in chronological order for black history month , we 're now in 1930 when a movie featuring a couple of caricatured blacks named amos 'n ' andy ( freeman gosden and charles correll in burnt cork ) from radio starred in their first feature film .
( actually their only other live-action film appearance was in the big broadcast of 1936 .
) now these two were the most popular comedians on the audio medium at the time but whatever appeal they had there is mostly lost here as they do n't do or say much that 's funny .
exceptions are when amos is on the phone and he says something inappropriate because andy is shouting something before hand and a rear projection sequence when amos is almost `` hitting `` another car and andy covers his head in fear .
other than that , it 's just lame dialogue after lame dialogue .
what 's even more lame is the extra subplot concerning a young rich white man who we find out is a long-lost friend of these characters that you just ca n't believe at all !
anyway , those two main characters are n't the reason i 'm reviewing this for , no way !
no , it 's the fact this was the first time duke ellington and the cotton club band appeared in a feature film ( as opposed to some shorts previously ) and were their usual entertaining selves .
they alone are what make check and double check worth a look .
p.s . .
one of the players is sue carol who , like me , is a chicago native but more importantly eventually quit acting to become an agent who among her clients was her future husband , alan ladd .

-1
` common clay ' is based on an old stage play , and it shows .
the action is creaky and stagebound , and the highly contrived final revelation relies on an extremely heavy coincidence which comes with an even heavier moral .
ellen neal ( constance bennett , the least attractive of the three bennett sisters ) is established as a ` bad girl ' who is more sinned against than sinning .
we first see her working in a speakeasy , yet it 's clear that she has few options .
when the speakeasy is raided and ellen is hauled off to court , the judge advises her to associate with a better class of people .
as in ` an inspector calls ' , it turns out here that the ` better ' classes are morally no better than the common people , and in fact are even worse .
( this has n't been my own experience , i hasten to add .
) ellen gets a job as a maid in the respectable household of the .
all is well until their handsome son hugh comes home from college .
his eyes meet ellen 's , and we know what 's going to happen .
soon enough , ellen has a bun in the oven , courtesy of the college boy .
a year later , when ellen shows up with a baby whom she claims is hugh 's love-child , hugh 's father suspects a shakedown .
to protect his family , he orders his attorney filson to ruin ellen 's reputation , such as it is .
for some reason , everyone addresses filson as ` judge ' even though he 's a solicitor .
ellen 's lawyer is named yates , played ( and overacted ) by veteran character actor tully marshall in a smith brothers beard , which makes him the only actor in this cast who has something to hide behind .
for some reason , judge filson keeps addressing yates as ` brother yates ' as if they 're siblings .
speaking of filson 's family tree ... spoiler coming right now .
enter the twist ending , upstage left , dragging its coincidences across the script .
are you ready ?
turns out that bad-girl ellen is the daughter of respectable judge filson !
when he was a young man , the same age as hugh , he decided to sow his wild oats with a woman who loved him but whom he did n't choose to marry .
after she gave birth to his daughter , she decided to commit suicide , instead of compelling filson to marry her ... so as not to stand in the way of filson 's promising career as a lawyer .
hoo boy to this , and the hoo-boy factor gets even worse because ellen 's ( foster ) mother is played by beryl mercer , the single most annoying performer in the entire history of hollywood .
( film historian william k everson agreed with me on this .
) fortunately , mercer 's ` contribution ' to this particular movie is largely confined to one long courtroom scene .
elsewhere , mercer has polluted dozens of good movies with her whines , her , her , her whimpered .
the sure hand of director victor fleming guides this material about as ably as it can be done .
( not much .
) i admire constance bennett for her work on behalf of the american military ( she is buried in arlington national cemetery ) , but her appeal as an actress has always eluded me .
constance bennett 's sisters joan and barbara were much sexier and more talented .
( barbara bennett was the mother of notorious chat-show host morton downey jnr .
) here , constance claims to be only 18 ( oh , yes ) and she speaks her dialogue in a peculiar accent , broadening all her a 's .
when she gets arrested , for some reason the police fingerprint only two of her fingers .
there 's a continuity error involving her mug shots .
and it 's hugely implausible that the would engage a butler with the coarse cockney accent spoken here by actor charles mcnaughton .
` common clay ' was a stage vehicle for jane cowl , an important stage actress of the early 20th century who made few films , and who is now forgotten .
if this film had starred cowl , it might at least have rated some historical significance as a record of her stage performance .
any movie that gives tully marshall a chance to shine is welcome , but he did much better work for victor fleming ( with much better material ) in ` red dust ' .
hale hamilton is excellent in his role as bennett 's father .
beryl mercer needs her sinuses cleaned out .
( among other things .
) i 'll rate this bathetic just 2 points out of 10 .

-1
in this first installment of the boy friends series , dave and grady are having girl trouble .
first , dave sees a cute lady in distress and runs to her aid -- attacking the man who appeared to be bothering her .
, it turned out to be her uncle ( edgar kennedy ) and so the chances to him getting a date are very slim .
then , in the next scene , grady is about to kill himself , as he is pining for a girl himself .
mickey and dave decide to help him , though the plan is very far-fetched .
this plan begins with mickey and grady staging a car accident right in front of the lady 's house .
along comes a ` doctor ' ( dave in a silly disguise ) and he orders the people in this house to take the two ` victims ' inside the house so he can treat them .
it 's all pretty ridiculous as dave looks only about 18 , but it gets worse .
later , he dresses up like a nurse and comes back to take care of them .
anyone who would believe he was a girl would have to be legally blind or suffer from a traumatic brain injury .
when the man of the house ( edgar kennedy ) returns , dave spends much of the film avoiding him .
well , you certainly ca n't say the boys did n't try .
there is a lot of energy and silliness to the film .
but , unfortunately , it 's all pretty stupid and definitely one of the hal roach studios lesser ( if not least ) efforts .
rather amateurish .

-1
badly made and utterly nonsensical .
fields is a poor comedian who does nothing but mumble to himself and allow other characters to obstruct his path in ways that only draw the stories of his films more painfully .
that 's all i will say .
that and this : the only decent part was when the husband is beating on that guy and the wife is calmly her nose , routinely saying `` help ... police ... murder ... ( ect .
) `` .
that was the highlight .

-1
with the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with hb warner on the celestial train , this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping horribleness !
the acting was atrocious , but the story is what i really found appalling .
the acting was wooden and stilted , even by early talkies standards ( the exceptions being lee tracy and hb warner , neither of whom can do wrong ) .
rose hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless as julie ( as she likewise was in 1932 's dr jekyll and mr hyde , an otherwise excellent flick ) .
and the rest of the cast was worse , there being no words to describe their awfulness .
worse than the acting , however , was the story .
for some unknown reason , julie loves liliom , a cad and user of women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
he marries julie but does n't support her , instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with his low-life criminal pal ( lee tracy ) .
and , oh yeah , he never has a kind word to say to julie and he regularly beats her .
julie loves him nonetheless and continually makes excuses for him , which only seems to make him more abusive .
what 's even sicker is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story .
somehow we are supposed to see julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems liliom .
wtf ?
the last 1/3 of this movie takes place after liliom has killed himself ( a robbery plot goes awry and liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken in by the police ) .
as he lay dying , he tells julie `` i beat you all the time , but i 'm not sorry for it . ``
when he at last dies , she finally tells him she loves him .
( neither character ever said `` i love you `` to the other while they were alive .
) after his death , god 's chief magistrate gives liliom one more day on earth so that he can `` do something good `` for his unborn daughter .
the price for this is 10 years in hell .
after 10 years , liliom is allowed one day on earth to see his now daughter .
he approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to cajole her into letting him `` do something good `` for her ; he tries to get her to play cards , he tries to give her gabriel 's horn , but she 's not interested and rebuffs him .
so he slaps her .
he .
slaps .
her .
and then he disappears back to the afterlife .
looking on , we see his daughter tell julie about this .
the girl says the slap did n't hurt , that it felt like a kiss .
this is supposed to be the movie 's magical moment .
the girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible , and julie replies that `` someone can be beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all . ``
then the music swells and liliom rides up to heaven in the celestial train .
blech !
there was one saving grace to this film , and that is the interview between the chief magistrate ( hb warner was truly magnificent here ) and liliom on the celestial train .
the magistrate had some very profound things to say to liliom about life and second chances and death .
this scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars .
regarding liliom 's suicide as a means for escaping his problems , the magistrate says `` people suppose that when they die , their difficulties are ended for them .
you thought that by killing yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities .
it is not as simple as that .
on earth your name is still spoken ; your face is still remembered .
as long as one is left who remembers you , so long is the matter .
until you have been completely forgotten , you will not be finished with the earth , even though you are dead . ``
some great sublime transcendental stuff amongst some of the most horrible trash i 've ever seen .
by the way , this story has apparently been filmed many times both as `` liliom `` and as the musical `` carousel . ``

-1
the medicine man is a poor example of an early talkie .
slow and dumb , with a rustic cast of german-american characters dw griffith would gag on .
jack benny 's presence makes it historically interesting , but that 's about it .
benny gets off the only good line , `` the new york critics have proclaimed this show the greatest amalgamation of merry making mirth since shakespeare was barred from avon . ``
and he mispronounces `` avon . ``
the plot is more-or-less the same as the music man but without any of the music , acting or dialog .
for benny completists only .

-1
pardon my gun is an example of how not to make a movie .
thinking about it in the context of 1930 , the singing cowboy in movies was still developing , but the proper way to make a movie had been figured out for years .
this movie was wrong in every way .
there is supposed to be a plot , but it is pushed aside for what would normally be filler .
there is supposed to be a hero and a heroine , but they are pushed aside for what would normally be filler .
let me explain ... the plot is supposed to be about ted duncan ( tom keene ) saving mary martin ( sally starr ) from having to marry the villain , cooper ( harry woods ) , to settle her father 's gambling debts .
that is simple enough .
the problem is that if i were to use a stopwatch to log the time tom keene is on screen it would probably total less than five minutes out of the hour long film .
heroines usually have little screen time , but sally starr could have filmed all of her dialogue in half an hour including set changes .
pardon my gun starts off kind of slow then works to a dead stop .
the scene where peggy ( mona ray ) arrives never seems to end .
peggy is a 20 's flapper who would normally be out of place in a western , but this was hardly a western .
the characters keep talking to one another , but nothing is said that pushes the story along .
watching lightnin ' ( ) talk to his frog , fuzzy , over and over does nothing for the plot .
the big barn dance scene takes a great deal of time with music , dance , and comedy performances .
the redeeming value to the scene is that it gives a glimpse of what vaudeville acts were like .
for what it was , it should have been left for film shorts rather than part of what should have been a movie .
as much as we would like to have the hero on screen all the time , those scenes with playful interaction among the minor characters can add to the charm of the movie .
in this case that is all there is !
the charm wore off immediately .
yes , there is an exciting horse race , a fight scene , some shots , and some cowboy hats .
it would have been nice to have more than a few minutes of western action .
the macfarlane brothers apparently worked the rodeos because they did roping and singing for this movie in flashy western outfits .
they are the closest thing to the wild west of anyone in the cast .
abe lyman was popular on radio in the 1930 's .
seeing his band in cowboy outfits is fun , but hardly western in the context of music for cowboy movies .
i have seen silent movies with much more cohesive stories than pardon my gun .
i have seen early bob steele and ken maynard films with much more heroic action .
there were better films made before , during , and of course , after the time pardon my gun was made .
i am certain that movie-goers of 1930 felt the same way .

-1
during the 1930s , there were quite a few god-awful musicals that are awfully hard to stomach today .
that 's because unlike other musicals , the songs were almost operatic in style and high-pitched warbling abounded .
now you probably are immediately reminded of jeanette macdonald and nelson eddy 's films , though there were some that came out before theirs that were actually far more difficult to stomach -- the films were so old fashioned and the singing so dreadful .
oddly , the studio heads even placed laurel and hardy in a few of these musical monstrosities -- they were that popular an ` art ' form at the time .
here in one heavenly night , we 've got all the makings of a terrible old musical .
the singing is among the most high-pitched and ear-shattering , the songs are dull , the acting ( at times ) is suspect , the film features comic relief ( leon erol ) that is n't all that funny and the love story is rather creepy .
let 's talk about the love story for a moment .
the film begins with a not especially attractive lady singing a song rather poorly .
yet despite this , the men in the audience respond like she 's `` swing shift cinderella `` ( from the tex avery cartoon ) and begin hooting and hollering and acting like horny dogs .
after a riot , the police order this sex kitten out of the city but instead she sends a similar looking friend .
this friend ( evelyn laye ) has dreamed about the life of a vamp and she 's quick to agree to the masquerade .
however , the vamp 's reputation proceeds her and the count in the town she arrives in assumes she 's an easy sexual conquest .
when he practically rapes laye ( great name , huh ?
) , she runs off and realizes she does n't want to be a vamp !
yet , oddly , later the count realizes he actually loves laye and wants to marry her , not just lay laye .
and so the two kiss and live happily ever after !
aside from promoting date rape , this plot is really , really hard to believe and is made all the worse by the couple periodically breaking into song .
overall , the idea behind the plot is n't bad but the execution and romance are so god-awful i ca n't recommend the film .

-1
`` caught in her own love trap ... she could not stem the fury of his love ! ``
screams the poster that was used to advertise this 1930 .
if only it were true ... even though elegantly produced by samuel goldwyn , `` one heavenly night `` became one of the big flops of the year and the passing decades have not been kind to it .
this `` talkies `` screen debut of west end singing star evelyn laye was obviously intended to launch her on a musical film career in hollywood , but both critics and audience rightly perceived the flick as a turkey , and miss laye 's career as a screen song siren never materialized .
in fairness to the lady , it 's difficult to imagine what vocal and thespian powers she might have drawn upon to overcome the stale script , the so-so music , and the stilted performances of her co-actors ( including john boles and a painfully unfunny leon errol ) .
it 's nice to know that -- after being bruised by tinseltown -- evelyn laye returned to a long and highly successful career on the british stage and died in the 1990 's , much loved and appreciated by her audiences , at the ripe old age of 95 .
as for `` one heavenly night , `` if you get the opportunity to see it ... do n't ...

-1
a real dud from comes in the form of a universal `` comedy `` entitled what men want .
the dvd itself is excellent -- it 's just the 1930 movie that 's lousy .
the last movie directed by ernst laemmle ( a nephew of the studio 's boss , carl laemmle , ernst laemmle was a prolific director of shorts in the silent era ) , it 's a dull comedy with an obviously embarrassed ben lyon romancing the younger sister ( an immature -- if actually 22 years old at the time -- barbara kent ) of the woman ( a too mature pauline starke -- only 29 when this film was made , but the camera is not kind to her ) who wants him herself .
i ca n't imagine why !
admittedly , some of the other candidates are even less inspiring .
wait a minute !
it 's hallam cooley who 's really pestering pauline to marry him , so i guess even a tame lyon is preferable to a persistent cooley !

-1
finally saw this last night on tcm , and i really ca n't believe the raves by the other posters !
first , if andy and linda had actually hooked up , their kid would have looked like a gargoyle !
second , i did n't understand why andy got dink .
linda was probably a gold-digger who bailed the second andy lost the belt , but fathers were very rarely awarded custody back then unless the mother was as an unfit a parent as andy is !
which leads me to the fight .
beery flayed around like a crazed fish in search of water !
why no one told him that you punch straight ahead is beyond me !
when cooper started bawling for this loser , i wanted to deck him !
he was so damn annoying throughout , but never more so than then !
and what happened to jonah ?
did n't anyone care because , as dink puts it , he 's `` colored `` ?
that must be it .

-1
the lighting really makes this film and gives it an eerie feel .
but other than that i really did n't like the plot had a lot of holes and just seemed to skip around a lot and did n't flow properly .
it was very slow and not scary at all .
i did like the castle and the scene with the giant spider web it gave off a very dark gothic mood .
vanhelsing was an easy choice for the best actor i also liked the crazed man .
the coolest part of the movie was the lighting just over the eyes when dracula was putting someone in a trans .
i have seen this used in many later films and i think this was the first film it was used in .

-1
today people laugh at that dracula .
bela lugosi is a joke of a vampire and every close-up on his face echoes ridiculous .
the movie itself is a harsh end-to-end editing of key scenes from the novel .
that 's why there 's no inner breath hampering boredom .
eventually it 's the worst dracula i have ever seen .
and i definitely rank murnau 's nosferatu far above with masterpieces of horror movies .
i could not imagine something that bad : i was making these comments in my head during the screening !

-1
by steadily repeating to myself `` be charitable ; 1931 : make allowances `` , i almost managed to watch this all the way through , but finally had to fast forward the two or three last sections .
if anyone wants to call this an `` american classic `` , then they are of course .
it 's american , that 's for sure .
otherwise , however , this simply devalues the meaning of what is `` classic `` .
strangely fantastic and deeply unimaginative at the same time .
lugosi has a kind of strictly one-note presence , a limited creepy charisma ; the girls look quite pretty ; van helsing has many more than four goggle eyes ; and seward is actually not too bad .
the medical students in the post-mortem operating theatre are truly petrified .
the basic truth is that this is just a hopelessly incoherent mess ; and i wo n't be watching it again for a long time .
lee and cushing are the only dracula and helsing on the cinematic map , in the hall of fame , and i ca n't see them ever being bettered .

-1
i know a lot of people love lugosi .
his `` dracula `` has many admirers , and the spanish version is considered by some to be a technical triumph .
but i wonder what might have been if , in the late 1920s , universal 's top director paul leni had directed conrad veidt in the role of the count .
i have heard that papa laemmle wanted veidt and laemmle jr. wanted lon chaney .
whether or not this is true , german director leni and german actor veidt had developed a rapport , teaming twice before in the the german film `` waxworks `` and in `` the man who laughs `` for universal .
if you want to know how much better the performances and camera-work would have been , watch these films .
it was obvious in 1931 that tod browning , without his old pal chaney , could not get excited by the project .
some in the cast gave german ã©migrã© cinematographer karl freund credit for directing much of the film .
but in spite of the troubled production `` dracula `` was a box office smash .
critics , however , focused their praise on freund 's eerily atmospheric photography in the transylvania sequence , commenting on the film 's stiffness when the action shifts to london .
unsure of lugosi 's appeal , universal had n't risked any more than absolutely necessary on production , and browning 's lack of interest made the budget limitations even more obvious .
you hear excuses for `` dracula 's `` staginess , but you only have to see the spanish version to realize sound equipment did n't necessarily immobilize the camera .
and it is n't enough to blame depression-era production cuts .
the limits of a sound stage did n't limit james whale 's creativity on `` the old dark house . ``
the film may have come alive if it had been made as a silent a few years earlier .
in non-talking film you have to show the horrors ; you ca n't convey horror through dialog as was attempted in 1931 .
too much dialog makes any film static .
lon chaney might have changed that .
while his acting may not have matched veidt 's , his make-up would surely have been a revelation , and most likely would have followed bram stoker 's description of the count , his pallid `` aquiline `` face , his `` peculiarly arched nostrils , `` `` hair growing scantily round the temples but profusely elsewhere , `` his `` massive eyebrows almost meeting over the nose , `` with a `` heavy mustache , `` and `` sharp white teeth `` protruding over his lip .
`` for the rest , his ears were pale , and at the tops extremely pointed . ``
however , b-list directors seemed to have a knack for this kind of material .
they never felt the subject matter was beneath them .
therefore george melford , director of the spanish version , was challenged by the project in a way tod browning was not .
later browning , as if to prove he could match melford , directed `` mark of the vampire , `` a remake of his own silent `` london after midnight , `` with a flair that dracula lacked , and followed it up with another stylish horror flick , `` the devil doll . ``
alas , leni died of blood poisoning , chaney died of cancer , and veidt returned to germany in part because he believed his german accent was too strong to appeal to american audiences .
irony of ironies , universal cast lugosi whose struggles with english are well documented .
lugosi quickly , and deservedly , faded into obscurity , and what might have been a cinematic achievement is nothing more than a cult classic .

-1
before i saw this film i read all the reviews on this site .
and then i saw the movie ... and i was wondering what all those other reviewers had been taking ... the film lasts about 85 minutes , and that 's too long by half .
i always hated chevalier 's awful accent ( half the time you 're straining to try and make sense of what he 's saying ) , but as a rule his lighthearted acting makes it bearable .
not here .
hopkins as the princess and barbier as the king are worse than caricatures and there are some very xenophobic remarks here and there .
but the worst is ... claudette 's performance .
i love , no i adore claudette colbert .
she 's by far my favourite actress of the first half of the 20th century ( michelle pfeiffer took her crown in the latter part ) .
but what she 's showing us here , is shameful .
she 's overacting as if she 's in a ( talking ) movie for the first time .
for example when she 's leaving chevalier 's apartment , and she 's leaving the key .
her facial expressions are way too pathetic and remind me of the silent movies , when everything had to be over the top to convey the meaning .
this is a movie to see once , then quickly forget about .
2 stars out of 10 .

-1
the lightning warrior is the name that the indians have given rin tin tin and in this serial the great german shepherd finds himself out west with george brent investigating who 's been stirring up the indians and specifically who killed young frankie darro 's father and brent 's brother .
the brother was an army agent who was in the territory trying to find out the identity of the mysterious wolfman who walks around in a phantom of the opera outfit and gives out mysterious orders to his underlings .
i can give you a hint , it is n't lon chaney , jr. or taylor lautner .
it takes 12 chapters to unravel the mystery if you want to sit through the thing .
in a year brent would be in 42nd street and be set in his career with a long term warner brothers contract .
oddly enough brent had enough adventure in real life in ireland as a personal courier for michael collins during the rebellion .
god only knows what he thought of this drivel .

-1
`` love in high gear `` is a film that is out on dvd from alpha video .
i have very mixed feelings about this distributor .
on one hand , they often bring us various obscure older films you simply can not find anywhere else .
plus , the dvds are dirt cheap .
on the other hand , the movies are never restored and many ( including this one ) have very , very ugly prints .
while the sound is fair on this one , the print is washed out -- and looks much like a film that is a copy of a copy of a copy ( or worse ) .
if `` love in high gear `` would have been a good film , then watching the horrible print would have been worth it .
unfortunately , the film is terribly slow and uninteresting .
in fact , i saw nothing that warranted my saying much more than it was pretty dated and lousy .
not worth your time , even if you love the films of the 1930s .
silly , inconsequential and dumb .

-1
`` caught in her own love trap ... she could not stem the fury of his love ! ``
screams the poster that was used to advertise this 1930 .
if only it were true ... even though elegantly produced by samuel goldwyn , `` one heavenly night `` became one of the big flops of the year and the passing decades have not been kind to it .
this `` talkies `` screen debut of west end singing star evelyn laye was obviously intended to launch her on a musical film career in hollywood , but both critics and audience rightly perceived the flick as a turkey , and miss laye 's career as a screen song siren never materialized .
in fairness to the lady , it 's difficult to imagine what vocal and thespian powers she might have drawn upon to overcome the stale script , the so-so music , and the stilted performances of her co-actors ( including john boles and a painfully unfunny leon errol ) .
it 's nice to know that -- after being bruised by tinseltown -- evelyn laye returned to a long and highly successful career on the british stage and died in the 1990 's , much loved and appreciated by her audiences , at the ripe old age of 95 .
as for `` one heavenly night , `` if you get the opportunity to see it ... do n't ...

-1
being buster keaton 's second talkie , made in 1931 , and based on the popular , i find it difficult to say anything good about parlor , bedroom and bath .
i have never seen the play , but i suppose it was considerably better on a stage than on a screen , inasmuch as it was so successful at the time .
jeff , played by denny , prays virginia ( sally eilers ) to marry him , but she refuses to do so until her older , somewhat cynical sister angelica ( dorothy christy ) gets married off first .
it 's here buster comes in , as a shy who has never appreciated women 's company .
jeff tries to convince everybody that the man in reality is a great lover , in order to get his sweetheart 's sister interested in him .
this might sound as a bit silly , but still amusing little romantic comedy from the early .
well , it could have been .
but to see a comic genius like keaton be verbally abused in a cheap production like this ... sorry , it 's just ugly .
while most give free and easy the nominee as keaton 's weakest , i find this one to be worse .
free and easy had many ridiculous scenes but still some worthwhile comical dialog .
as far as i can remember , parlor , bedroom and bath did n't make me chuckle one single time .
the ending is the most awful of it all -- buster has agreed to tell angelica that he loves her , and repeats saying `` i love you madly !
i ca n't live without you ! ``
over and over again to test himself until angelica arrives .
you can easily see how much keaton disliked appearing in this mess while watching the sequence -- or actually , while watching the whole film .
before ending this comment , i have to make it clear that what really makes parlor , bedroom and bath painful is that keaton was involved in it .
although i doubt it , i agree that this movie actually could have been more amusing if the genius who made some of the greatest pearls in movie history -- sherlock , jr. , the navigator , the general and steamboat bill , jr. being among them -- did n't play the leading role .
it 's sickening to see a be mistreated like that .
however , there is at least one nice little gag .
while driving his car , buster 's motor stops on the tracks of a railroad .
after a few attempts to start the motor again , he is obliged to rush out from the car as a train rushes towards him .
fortunately , the engineer drives into another track ; however , when our hero believes his fortune is saved for a brief moment , another train arrives and smashes his car throughout .
this gag was used at least two times previously , first in keaton 's two-reeler one week in 1920 and then six years later in another short entitled fool 's luck starring lupino lane ( directed by roscoe arbuckle ) .
although the effects surely worked better in the silent versions , that little sequence is about the best we can get from this flick .
the only other interesting detail i can find for any admirer of keaton is the fact that we get quite a few glimpses of the comedian 's house at the time , the `` italian villa , `` as much of the movie was filmed there .
as stated so many times earlier , if only mgm had given him the artistic freedom he 'd had during the silent era , buster keaton would probably not have needed to reach his late sixties to be recognized as the master he was .

-1
of all the fine performers in this extended and leaden attempt at mixing slapstick with drawing room style wit , charlotte greenwood shines most consistently , though even she must fight the material at almost every turn .
in the 75 minutes of running time there are perhaps 3 or 4 really funny , clever exchanges .
two examples : `` have you no conscience ? ``
-- `` sure , but i ignore it ! ``
or : ( to paraphrase ) , greenwood : `` you 're not very big . ``
cliff edwards : `` let 's go into the other room together and i might surprise you . ``
adapted from a hit broadway comedy , the slender plot involves neglected hollywood wives ( greenwood and leila haymes ) who , after catching their wealthy husbands ( harry stubbs and reginald denny ) in the company of two voracious gold diggers ( lillian bond and kennedy ) , run off together to a mexican resort only to find themselves chased by a pair of male gold diggers ( cliff edwards and kane richmond ) .
the husbands pursue the wives , the female gold diggers pursue the husbands and they all get mixed up together in caliente where they indulge in endless belabored farcical encounters .
if one is a greenwood fan , and she surely is something interesting to behold when compared to most of the hollywood females of her time , this film is worth a look .
otherwise there is very little to recommend .

-1
i love most so-called `` pre-code `` movies .
they were called this because during a period before 1935 or so , the hollywood production code either did n't exist or was pretty much ignored .
many pre-code films were pretty indistinguishable with later films , but some dared to show nudity , extreme violence , foul language and very `` adult `` topics -- such as adultery or promiscuity .
because of these topics , they are a fascinating window into a little-known period of creative film making .
forbidden is definitely a case of an adult pre-code film because its main themes are adultery and an illegitimate baby .
this could have been an exciting or at least interesting film , but unfortunately it was not .
instead of being titillating or innovative , the film was just dreadfully dull , uninvolving and so melodramatic and campy that i would almost rather eat a live rat than see this film again !
it truly was awful and unfortunately -- and not even interesting as a sleazy or exploitation film !
the film starred barbara stanwyck and adolph menjou .
neither one of them was particularly interesting or realistic .
as for barbara , she played a woman with such low self-esteem that she made me want to slap her !
she began having a sexual affair with a married man ( menjou ) without realizing he was married .
her resulting pregnancy and the revelation that he was a district attorney could have been a great topic , but it was n't explored in any meaningful way .
instead of ms. stanwyck either going on the offensive to get this dog of a man to take responsibility for his actions or just leaving and starting a new life and considering this a learning experience , she runs away very briefly and then returns to `` business as usual `` .
talk about being a doormat !
and then , when they are caught together by the press , barbara agrees to pretend to be the governess and the baby is brought home to menjou 's wife as their new adopted kid !
the plan is for the `` governess `` to stick around and continue the affair , but when the wife does n't like barbara , ms. stanwyck just wanders off and leaves the baby in menjou 's care ! ! !
this is time and babs was just too stupid to care about in any way .
plus , menjou seemed to have no problem stealing away barbara 's child and giving to his wife -- what a total creep !
so , we now know that barbara has zero self-esteem and is stupid .
menjou is a faithless jerk .
so who exactly are we to care about in the film other than the poor child and the wronged wife ? !
now so far the film has been about stupid people , but towards the end it morphs into a phony tear-jerker that just seems totally contrived and silly .
eventually after many years of self-sacrifice , barbara marries newspaperman , ralph bellamy .
she really does n't love him , but does this to protect menjou and her daughter ( duh ) .
but , only a short time later , she shoots bellamy when he learns the truth about the baby and menjou ( who is now the governor ) .
then , menjou becomes ill and pardons stanwyck after she 's already spent a year or so in prison for the murder ! ! !
talk about a silly , convoluted and impossible to believe mess !
this truly was one of miss stanwyck 's worst films and she deserved so much better .
as for menjou , he later did the goldwyn follies , which proves that he was perfectly suited to acting in forbidden !
by the way , i noticed that the reviews on imdb were generally positive for this movie .
considering this was one of the least believable and contrived films i have ever seen , i just do n't get it .

-1
girl is helped by a federal agent in her troubles with a gang boss .
creaky and tough to watch for technical reasons film by oscar micheaux the first of the african american filmmakers .
micheaux 's early sound films are a real mixed bag that were mostly of the point and shoot variety .
its due of course to the technical limitations of early sound equipment so people huddle close together at tables and talk , musical numbers seem to be filmed from the doorway in a night club , there is no camera movement .
its like watching a movie filmed in a closet .
if you can get past the limits of the craft of the film , the movie is still a tough haul .
the plot is pure potboiler , complicated by the limitations of the film-making which make this very talky film with very little motion .
its not very good and not really worth bothering with .
actually the sole reason to see the film is the musical sequences which are interesting from a historical perspective since they document what entertainment was like in nightclubs of the day .
unless you 're interested in historical or musical curios i 'd take a pass .

-1
the male leads in ` hot saturday ' are cary grant and randolph scott , who -- in real life -- were house mates at about the time this movie was made .
some people have publicly speculated that grant and scott had a sexual relationship .
i 'll comment that there 's very little real evidence for this .
i saw ` hot saturday ' at the film forum in nyc , and several people in the audience made noises when scott 's character shyly admitted that he 's not very comfortable with women .
scott plays a geologist who 's holed up in a cave , and he seems to be interested only in catacombs and stalagmites ... not .
` hot saturday ' is one of those stories ( like ' a village tale ' , or the much better known ` peyton place ' ) about a small town where everybody knows about everybody else 's dirty linen .
there are plenty of rumours in this movie , starting with cary grant ... who plays a character cried romer , but everyone pronounces it ` rumour ' as if he were the novelist rumer godden .
grant makes his entrance in a dazzling all-white outfit with white buck shoes , topped off by a black trilby .
later , grant plays a scene in white jodhpurs that would have looked quite fetching on one of the female characters .
the town is called marysville , for some reason .
i found most of this movie quite boring .
good-girl ruth ( nancy carroll ) is a friend of scott but she dallies with playboy grant .
then she 's suddenly eager to marry scott .
he glances in the direction of her midriff and suspects that grant did something to make her anxious to get married in a hurry .
do the maths .
carroll 's father , played by william collier , is named harry brock : the same name as the villain in ` born yesterday ' .
the only scenes in this pre-code movie that did n't bore me were three very kinky bits .
ruth accuses her kid sister annie ( the very sexy rose coghlan ) of stealing her knickers .
when annie denies this , ruth wrestles annie onto the bed , hoists up annie 's skirt and yanks the underpants off annie 's body .
this sequence is amazing !
in a later sequence , ruth wears a very fetching pair of gauntlet cuffs .
later still , she arrives at randolph scott 's cave soaking wet from a rainstorm and straight away passes out .
when she wakens under a blanket , the first things she sees are her own clothes -- including her bra and knickers -- strung out to dry .
i guess that randolph scott likes girls after all .
the only interesting parts of this movie were those three kinky bits , and very few people are turned on by gauntlet cuffs ... so that leaves just two kinks , and i 'm rating this snore-fest 2 out of 10 .

-1
i watched this film for one reason -- edna may oliver .
cinephiles in the know adore this actresses films -- even if she 's pretty much forgotten today .
however , this courtroom drama turned out to have a lot of shortcomings -- mostly because the courtroom procedures were completely ridiculous .
no courtroom on this planet is run this way and no judge is that stupid !
for example , the lady on trial for murder constantly interrupts the proceedings and even chases the jurors as they leave the box to deliberate -- begging them to find her innocent ! !
as for the lawyers , the argue with each other openly in court and scream and yell at witnesses !
and , a couple of the jurors make inappropriate comments during the trial that clearly would have had them disqualified .
once in the jury room , most of the jurors seemed much less intelligent than mr. potatohead !
now i do n't mind a little leeway here , but all this ruined the film for me -- most of this was n't funny and just seemed dumb .
believe it or not , this totally brainless movie was reworked into the teleplay and movie `` 12 angry men `` -- a movie classic ! ! !
i watch that instead , as despite having oliver , `` ladies of the jury `` is junk .

-1
`` shirley temple 's mother designed the black lace panties and bra worn by temple `` .
the above comment is from imdb and pretty much sums up why i hated this film and the other ` kiddie burlesque ' films educational pictures made with shirley temple at the beginning of her career .
the joke in the films consisted of very , very young children dressing and acting like adults -- and in many suggestive and sexually inappropriate situations .
like the rest , shirley amazes the audience with her singing and dancing -- which , frankly , was terrible as any child 's should have been at that age .
sure , she quickly developed into an amazing actress -- but here , watching her is like going to watch a school pageant -- and no one would pay to watch that !
combined with the creepy factor , this is not a film that normal folks would readily enjoy .
beware .

-1
to be a buster keaton fan is to have your heart broken on a regular basis .
most of us first encounter keaton in one of the brilliant feature films from his great period of independent production : ` the general ' , ` the navigator ' , ` sherlock jnr ' .
we recognise him as the greatest figure in the entire history of film comedy , and we want to see more of his movies .
here the heartbreak begins .
after ` steamboat bill jnr ' , keaton 's brother-in-law joseph schenck pressured him into signing a contract that put keaton under the control of mgm .
keaton became just one more actor for hire , performing someone else 's scripts .
then his alcoholism got worse .
after ` steamboat bill jnr ' , keaton never again made a truly first-rate film .
a couple of sources describe a would-be masterpiece comedy that keaton claimed he * almost * got to make at mgm : a parody of ` grand hotel ' .
biographer tom has offered convincing evidence that keaton made up this story .
the heartbreak increases because , among the many years of keaton 's long steady decline , he just occasionally came up with a good film ... such as his short comedy ` grand slam opera ' .
i continue to search for the lost footage of keaton 's dramatic scene with spencer tracy in ` it 's a mad mad world ' : a sequence in which embittered cop tracy telephones an old retired crook ( keaton ) and tries to recruit his assistance in stealing smiler grogan 's cash .
that footage is almost certainly gone forever , but i keep looking .
` speak easily ' , alas , is one of keaton 's films from the beginning of his decline .
mgm were trying to build up jimmy durante ( who , coincidentally , played smiler grogan three decades later ) as a new comedy star .
unfortunately , mgm tried to build up durante by teaming him with keaton , whose style of comedy was simply incompatible with durante 's .
( i 'm a fan of both .
) throughout his career , durante was a merciless scene-stealer : commendably , he knew that he was being built up at keaton 's expense , and keaton was the only co-star whom durante never attempted to upstage .
keaton was often cast as the victim of extremely cruel machinations .
in ` speak easily ' , he plays a didactic and humourless midwestern college professor named post ( because he 's as wooden as one ) who receives a letter informing him that he 's inherited $ 750,000 , which he must travel to new york city to claim .
does he make a ` phone call to verify this ?
does he even check the postmark ?
no ; he takes his life 's savings out of the bank and rushes to new york .
as soon as he 's gone , post 's manservant confesses that he wrote the ( fake ) letter to jostle professor post out of his rut !
post , who thinks he 's a , crosses paths with jimmy dodge ( durante ) , who 's trying to produce a musical revue but has n't any money .
the characters which these two brilliant comedians are playing onscreen simply fail to .
keaton is playing one of those eggheads ( like mister logic in ` viz ' ) who everything .
durante plays one of those annoying who is incapable of making any straightforward statement because the script requires him always to speak in slang .
there 's a painfully unfunny dialogue scene in which durante is trying to talk to keaton about money , but - instead of coming straight out with it - durante has to use increasingly contrived slang terms like ` kale ' , ` cartwheels ' and so forth ... while keaton of course has no idea what durante 's on about .
i 'll give keaton credit : his own dry and dusty prairie voice , his flat kansas accent , is absolutely perfect for the character he 's playing here .
sidney toler , looking much leaner and more handsome here than he would be just a year later , is impressive as the excitable director of the revue bankrolled ( on tick ) by professor post .
henry armetta , whom i 've never found funny , is even less funny than usual here , offering a running gag with a stupid payoff .
thelma todd impressed me here , in a more villainous version of the role she played in ` horse feathers ' ( a much funnier movie ) .
edward brophy , one of my favourite character actors , is wasted .
part of the problem with ` speak easily ' is that supporting characters behave in completely inappropriate ways .
keaton 's lawyer shows up at durante 's theatre with an urgent message for keaton ... but he is n't there , so the lawyer proceeds to divulge keaton 's personal business to the first total stranger he meets .
( fire that lawyer , buster !
) in another scene , professor post - the guy who 's perceived as bankrolling this musical - blunders into the chorus girls ' changing room , and all the chorus girls immediately squeal and cover themselves .
i know for a fact that * modern * chorus girls would never react this way , and i seriously doubt that chorus girls in 1932 behaved that way either ... certainly not in response to the ` angel ' controlling their show 's .
spoilers coming .
about half an hour into the unfunny ` speak easily ' , the great jimmy durante seats himself at the piano , grins into the camera , and does that distinctive little shake of his head as he starts to play a tune .
this is the moment when i thought that , at long last , this movie was finally going to settle down to its purpose of entertaining us .
alas , no .
most annoying of all is the ending of this film , which uses the single most hackneyed and implausible cliche in all of comedy : the one in which an utterly incompetent dimwit becomes a star comedian through his own ineptitude .
( keaton would be forced to replay this cliche in a 1955 episode of ` screen directors playhouse ' ; chaplin had already used it in ` the circus ' .
) i very nearly wept - in anger and sorrow - at the wasted opportunities in ` speak easily ' .
mostly out of respect for the work that keaton , durante , toler , brophy and miss todd have done elsewhere , i 'll rate this movie 2 points out of 10 .

-1
watching `` speak easily `` is painful for fans of buster keaton .
seeing such a phenomenal writer , actor , comic , director , and stunt man subjected to this humiliating spectacle is like seeing a picasso used as a drop cloth , or perhaps more like seeing the finest camembert adulterated with whey solids and processed into .
keaton is as professor post , whose overblown vocabulary is the only thing keeping him from saying , `` tell me about the rabbits , george . ``
( post would have said something like , `` kindly inform me as to the status of the small mammals in the family of the order , kind sir , who i believe is primarily addressed with the epithet ` george ' . ``
) when keaton created his own characters , they might be situationally clueless but they were n't stupid .
they were quick studies and became masters of their worlds .
not so with post , who never stops stumbling and bumbling and who who has no more control of his destiny than a bilge rat had of the titanic .
and while keaton 's original characters had a charming naivetã© and innocence , post comes across as such a profound sexual retardate that if he ever did become physically aroused , he 'd put an ice bag on the swelling and seek medical help .
there are a couple of small , redeeming moments , such as keaton 's attempts to get rid of the vampish todd or his suggestion as to appropriate attire for a greek dance , but it 's just not worth enduring the entire film to see them .
if you 're a fan of bad movies , get drunk and watch `` speak easily `` with friends , a la `` mystery science theater 3000 `` .
but other than that , stick with the silents .
let them be 100 % of what buster keaton is remembered for .

-1
i 've seen one other `` taxi boys `` short so far , `` thundering taxis `` , and it was pretty good .
this one is flat-out awful .
i 've seen very little of ben blue 's work , and based on what he 's done here , i 'm not particularly interested in seeing any more .
he 's not even remotely funny , mugs outrageously and seems to spend most of his time trying to upstage billy gilbert -- and failing miserably .
i 'm a huge billy gilbert fan , but i 'm sorry to say he 's not particularly good in this , either , hamming it up almost as much as blue does .
the plot is even more brainless than your average two-reel slapstick short -- two dimwitted taxi drivers get mistaken for foreign dignitaries while running from the law -- and everything about this entry , from the writing to the direction to the music , is second-rate at best .
very , very disappointing .

-1
four years after his visually stunning and moving masterpiece , the passion of jeanne d'arc ( 1928 ) , carl dreyer 's next movie ( his first talkie ) was this disappointingly weak effort .
aside from several minutes where the camera has us view the world looking up and out a window from inside a coffin , this visual master has displayed none of his genius .
the bulk of the film is claustrophobic .
shot with little camera movement in a house of small rooms and short ceilings ( not the typical horror mansion ) where the scariest thing is the print wallpaper .
the actors were mainly amateurs and it 's painfully obvious .
most people who see this film think they are seeing a `` bad print `` as i did at first .
there are black borders on the side and the film appears grey and grainy .
i now know this is the way dreyer shot the film , purposely exposing the film to light and then it by necessity for `` atmosphere `` .
die hard students of early european film may still wish to subject themselves to this .
all others beware !

-1
when i first turned on the dvd with this film , i was very tempted to just turn it off -- the print and especially the sound were that bad .
in fact , it 's among the worst quality prints i 've ever seen from alpha video -- and that 's saying a lot because none of alpha 's dvds appear to have any restoration work on them and many are in horrible shape .
the sound on this one is simply appallingly bad and i sure hope someone would one day restore the print .
but , considering this is n't a particularly good film , it 's doubtful this will occur .
aside from the novelty of seeing this story of a conniving woman set in the modern day instead of the 19th century like it was in thackeray 's novel as well as seeing myrna loy in one of her earliest starring roles , there 's not much to recommend this movie .
while i did not exactly love the famous 1935 version ( entitled `` becky sharp `` -- and it was the first full-length full color movie ) , it was better than this one .
there are also newer versions that also work better than this low-budget 1932 one .
in fact , i really think they set the film in the 1930s because of the budget -- as they did n't need the added expense of costumes and wigs .
this one , unfortunately , comes off as dated and creaky -- with poor acting and a cheapness about it .
and , given the horrendous quality of the print , it is not a film i could recommend .

-1
while ed wynn was a beloved figure in early television history , his foray into films was not so successful ... at least not until late in his career .
this vaudeville comic 's routine just did n't translate well to the big screen and when you see this film it 's pretty clear why he did so few films -- despite being a headliner on stage .
when you see this movie , you 'll understand why .
wynn plays a doofus who blunders into becoming the honorary fire chief .
when he saves a woman 's life ( quite accidentally ) , he suddenly is a hero and they convince him to run for alderman -- despite being rather dumb .
but , when his mommy is kidnapped , he decides to withdraw from the race .
can they find his mom and wynn still run for office ?
there are many problems with this film -- the most serious of which is wynn himself .
you ca n't blame the script for wynn 's insipid giggling !
unfortunately the script is n't all that good , either .
it includes bear wrestling ( with a guy in an obvious costumes for many scenes ) and characters ( aside from wynn 's on-screen mother ) who are n't particularly good .
but the worst problem is how the movie ends -- just as wynn is about to win the election , the plot ends and suddenly wynn is no longer in the gay 90s but doing his radio show !
huh ? !
a film with no ending but just wynn making bad jokes is not a good movie .
dull and stupid .
however , if you get a chance , try to find wynn in some of his dramas he made later in life .
instead of an annoying comic like he was in this movie , wynn 's dramatic portrayals in the tv version of `` requiem for a heavyweight `` and his appearances on `` the twilight zone `` were outstanding .

-1
i ca n't find anything good about this film .
apart from maybe the end .
at least i was put of my misery .
you 'd think with boris karloff , and a host of other good actors in it , that it would be a far better movie , but alas it 's a right stinker .
there are instances when things start happening , but for the most part it 's a slow movie with too much talking .
there are also comedic elements thrown in when they should n't have been .
boris tries hard but the film lacks any real , intelligent dialogue .
he 's also hardly in it !

-1
throughout the 1930s , john wayne made a steady stream of cheap b-westerns .
while none of these were classics , they were enjoyable little films -- much like those of gene autry or roy rogers , though wayne 's films rarely had any singing .
however , early in his career , he was still learning his craft as an actor and a few of these films are rough and just not up to the standards of his films just a year or two later .
i 've seen several dozen of these films and i think `` the man from monterey `` might be the worst of the bunch .
here are some examples of how bad this film is : at the 11 minute mark , there 's some really bad acting and terrible action .
a jerk beats a poor guy over the head with a guitar .
he actually hits the guy in slow-motion and wayne 's reaction is amateurish as well -- it 's obvious he still has a lot to learn as an actor and the entire scene looked fake .
a few times , lines were flubbed but the director did n't care enough to re-film the scene .
few of the hispanics in the film seemed of spanish origin !
they often lacked accents and could n't speak the language in the least .
in one scene , a supposedly hispanic lady says that `` hasta is ` see you later ' `` .
no , in spanish , hasta means ` see you later ' and hasta pronto is ` see you soon ' .
another ` spanish ' lady gets angry and shouts `` ... enough of your impudence ! ! ``
.
heck , most native americans do n't even use the word impudence ! !
wayne is taken prisoner by a gang who threatens to kill him .
when his fellow us cavalry troops arrive , wayne lies -- telling the men he is okay and not being held prisoner !
why would he do this ? !
the worst sword fighting scene in history -- many high school plays feature more realistic sword-play !
stock footage from a silent film is used in one scene .
you can tell because the speed is way too fast -- the result of using silent stock on sound machines .
the only good thing about the film is philippe in drag .
seeing this almost made this bland film worth seeing ... almost .

-1
wow .
watching this film today , you ca n't help but be appalled by the writing of this film .
spencer tracy and loretta young play a couple who , in modern times , might be featured on `` the jerry springer show `` -- as they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably , the writers appear to be endorsing it !
the film begins with a hungry and homeless loretta being shown the ropes by the poor but very resourceful spencer tracy .
he shows her how by conniving you can do very well with little money and takes her home to his shack to stay .
it 's never clear whether or not they marry -- and considering it 's a pre-code film , you can assume they are n't even though they are cohabiting .
their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick .
while you can see that tracy cares about her by his actions , he is verbally abusive and a total jerk -- and young comes running back for more like some sort of dog .
he calls her `` skinny `` or `` ugly `` and these are , in a sick way , his way of using endearments !
later , when he starts fooling around with another woman ( glenda farrell ) , she tells her friend that if that 's what he wants , it 's okay with her ! ! !
it sure smacks of a sado-masochistic relationship and you ca n't help but feel a bit horrified .
sure , he does n't hit her but the relationship is very abusive .
to show how sick it is , when young gets pregnant , she tells him `` ... it 's your baby and it 's mine , but you do n't need to worry , i 'll take all the blame for it `` ! !
yikes !
does n't this all seem a bit like looking through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home ? !
later , in a case of art imitating life , tracy proves what sort of man he is and disappears .
after all , he ca n't be burdened with a baby -- even if it 's his .
but , he changes his mind and decides to return home .
wow ... that 's bit of him !
and , when he returns , he 's nasty and acts like if he stays , he is n't obligated to care for the kid ! !
and , she tells him he 's `` a free man ... free as a bird `` !
wow , i was almost in tears at this tender moment ... not !
soon , this crazy pair are married ... and , naturally , young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as it suits him -- not because of any love or sense of responsibility .
so how can you salvage anything with this sort of sick characters ?
what would you do ?
well , as for the writers , they have tracy soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brat !
the romantic aspects of the film are underwhelming to say the least !
during the robbery , tracy behaves like a chump -- doing almost nothing to take precautions not to get caught -- like he was secretly hoping to get sent to prison .
and , to show what sort of nice guy he is , the guy he tries to rob is one of his best friends .
while there 's more to the film , the bottom line is that tracy is a jerk and young is an idiot in the film .
despite both being very good actors , there 's absolutely no way they could make anything of this crap the writers produced .
nice music , nice sets , good acting ... and a script that is 100 % poo .
how the film is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and i wonder how anyone can ignore the pure awfulness of the characters .
a horrible misfire that somehow did n't destroy the careers of those involved .
oh , and if you wonder if loretta ever gets a backbone in this film or plays a person who is the least bit strong , the answer is no !
by the end , she 's learned nothing and has n't changed one whit for the better .
they sure do n't make films like they used to ... and in this case ... thank god !

-1
ramon novarro 's pedestrian sound period hastened an end to his film career and call of the flesh may well be the vehicle that pushed him over the cliff .
in the silent era novarro 's handsome chiseled features , dark eyes and killer smile showed him adept at both drama ( the red lily , the pagan ) and romantic comedy ( the student prince of ) but in call of the flesh he is a triple fret as speaks , sings and dances dreadfully .
juan di is a carefree entertainer that loves to play tricks and chase the ladies .
his fiery dance partner lola ( renee adoree ) is often the victim of his childish pranks but is crazy about the guy .
nun in training maria vasquez however is the one that captures his heart .
career wise he has the same laissez faire attitude which frustrates his mentor esteban who pulls strings to get him an audition with an opera impresario .
when juan botches it esteban reverts to bribery to get him on the stage .
meanwhile lola gets wind juan 's romancing the good sister and tries to break it up .
call of the flesh is early sound at its worst .
without his title cards doing the talking novarro comes across like a mischievous twelve year old .
the timber in his voice fails to live up to his look and his singing and dancing would get the hook at a local amateur show .
themselves as shabbily as novarro fellow silent film alumni ernest torrence and the ailing renee adoree overact monstrously while fresh faces dorothy jordan and russell hopton make it clear they will have short careers .
charles 's direction is haphazard and flat as he allows his troupe to step on each others lines and display bad timing ; some of it so poor you get the feeling he might have had his face buried in a newspaper oblivious to the action being recorded .
one could hardly fault him for averting his eyes since call of the flesh is dead meat from the opening reel .

-1
i was not charmed by this .
i was bored by this .
a rich fellow must find a wife or lose his allowance .
this is a film from 1930 , and while there are good films from 1930 , this would not be one of them .
the acting is odd , the lines are stilted , there are long pauses during which i kept expecting the director to shout `` cut ! ``
comedy depends upon .
timing .
more than anything else , that is what romantic comedy is , and this amateurish , dated thing is lurching in its timing .
four years later , it happened one night was filmed , so either someone figured out how to deliver , direct , and edit snappy dialog in just four years , or they knew before ( my suspicion ) and this movie is simply inept .

-1
i genuinely did n't understand this movie , but it was so fascinatingly bad that i carried on watching .
` adventure girl ' reminds me of an ed wood movie , because it attains his easy breezy cheesy sleazy level of ineptitude .
this movie also reminds me of ` perils of nyoka ' , ` sheena , queen of the jungle ' and the old victorian music-hall recitation ` the green eye of the yellow god ' .
as far as i can tell ( and i could be wrong ) ` adventure girl ' , starring joan lowell , is based on a book she wrote called ` the cradle of the deep ' .
now here 's where the confusion starts .
imdb lists that book as a novel , as in * fiction * .
ms lowell 's self-righteous narration in this movie seems to indicate that ` cradle ' is non-fiction , and that this movie is her rebuttal to all the people who disbelieved the veracity of her book .
i suspect that the truth is somewhere in the middle : it 's my guess that ` cradle of the deep ' was published as fact , but was actually a cradle of lies and was freely denounced as such .
there 's nothing believable in this ultra-low-budget movie , which purports to be a documentary re-enactment of true events .
joan lowell plays herself , or a fictionalised version of herself : a distaff version of johnny weissmuller 's jungle jim .
allegedly , she went to guatemala to steal ( i mean discover ) a fabled emerald that 's been propping up the eye socket of a mayan idol .
i 'm absolutely positive that someone connected with this movie has read the english poem ` the green eye of the yellow god ' .
off to guatemala sails joan , with her handy crewmen bill and otto .
their sailboat gets caught in a gale and loses its mast .
bill gets blown overboard , and hardy joan dives in after hm while the sailboat is caught in the gale and speeds away without them .
joan and bill are forced to tread water in the gulf of mexico for two hours .
meanwhile , the camera is right there with them , steadfastly recording this .
eventually the merry crew end up in the guatemalan jungle , where the natives immediately capture them and make plans to roast joan at the stake .
this sequence is bad , with the ` natives ' staring into the camera and giggling in embarrassment whilst they mumble curses in the general direction of joan .
we are constantly aware of the camera ( and the cameraman ) grinding away while joan is allegedly in dire need of assistance .
eventually , joan gets into a bitch-slap fight with a guatemalan jungle woman , who looks suspiciously caucasian .
all of this is offered in absolute earnest , yet all of it is howlingly faked and often hilariously so .
throughout the film , joan 's turgid narration insists that we recognise the ongoing fiasco as an accurate re-enactment of genuine events .
this film rates perhaps one point out of 10 , but i laughed so hard and so often that i 'm willing to throw in two extra points .
on the other hand , i do n't want to encourage this sort of mendacious ineptitude .
split the difference and rate this rubbish 2 points out of 10 .

-1
a strange attempt to make a film out of a journey to guatemala on a sailing boat .
the story is a search for pirate treasure in a lost city .
it 's no more than a recapitulation of a type of adventure story groaning with age even in 1934 .
this type of story is so well known that the would be artists got sloppy and begin to use abbreviations .
the cinematic version of `` you know `` .
the ` lost cities ' are some colonial ruins and not the great mayan cities of central america .
the adventure girl of the title behaves reprehensibly with the ` natives ' whose religion is depicted as the usual bowing before idols like in the cartoons and they speak about journeys being so many ` suns ' away .
these are the people who developed the most accurate calendar of their time .
it is that crude in its representation of people and places .
the mysterious arch in the picture was built at by the spanish ( and not some long forgotten people ) and is quite amazing as it frames this vast plain bisected by an absolutely straight road before a wall of mountains in the distance as if it was racing away from civilization .
out there lies pure mystery , it seems to be saying .
it is nowhere near the rio dulce , which is mentioned often as the site of the film .
one would think that at least the film would have captured a charming picture of guatemala circa 1934 on film , but they seemed so intent on concocting their trite story that they made the real jungle look like a hollywood fake .
the entire film was shot silent and the narration is spoken over the action by the star and author joan lowell aka helen trask .

-1
arguably one of the most baffling movies ever , and probably the single worst thing universal studios was ever involved with during their golden `` horror cycle `` .
life returns is a rare curio which features onslow stevens ( dr. edelmann from house of dracula ) , valerie hobson ( bride of frankenstein ) and even frank reicher ( king kong ) .
in the excellent macfarland book universal horrors i had read that this was one of those obscure films that fans love to try and locate , only to be bitterly disappointed once they track it down .
i remember a quote which concluded that `` life returns deserves its ongoing obscurity `` , or something .
well ... the risk is yours !
so what is this , then ?
one guess is that it 's possibly a story about a doctor ( stevens ) trying to develop a formula for bringing dead people back to life , though it 's certainly not a horror film .
this also echoes the vibe of an `` our gang `` two-reeler minus the comedy : the doc has a young son who becomes involved with a gang of kids and has a pet dog which ultimately becomes a participant in dad 's experiment .
footage in here was taken straight from an actual medical procedure trying to revive a dog , spliced in to make it appear part of the movie !

-1
this is a truly bizarre little film that really baffled me -- so much so that i tried to research a bit about the odd work of robert e. cornish and would like to know what made this odd man tick .
apparently in the early 1930s , this odd man was interested in reviving the dead -- though the practicality of such work is rather dubious .
apparently he 'd hoped to use this technique on humans but why is beyond me .
his work , thankfully , was restricted to dogs .
first , they 'd euthanize a dog .
then using a combination of stimulants , artificial respiration and a device , they were able to briefly revive a couple dogs ... who died permanently soon after ! ! !
so what possible use is this procedure ? !
well , i guess if a person would be euthanized , you might be to bring him or her back briefly -- and then they 'll die !
wow , no wonder this guy never became all that famous !
apparently , the film makers who brought us this film decided to make use of film footage they had of one of dr. cornish 's dog revivals .
but , they had to create a story in which to insert this footage .
as for the story , it 's pretty dull and is great if you like bad ` boy and his dog ' films .
ultimately , the film is sunk because this story and the footage really are n't integrated well together .
first , the dog in the experiment is not the same one they used as an actor in the film .
second , the stuff is pretty cloying and has a crappy low-budget look and feel to it .
the overall effect is poor but not bad enough to make it funny or entertaining as kitsch .

-1
shirley 's dad does n't have the money to bet on a horse race so he puts up his daughter as collateral !
furthermore , nobody finds this particularly alarming .
shirley takes being abandoned by her father and living with seedy strangers pretty casually .
it 's supposed to be a charming comedy based on a damon runyan story , but the plot is not only boring but rather disturbing , and it 's hardly worth a chuckle .
fortunately for both menjou and bickford , they would survive this and go on to make some fine films .
sadly , dell , who plays the love interest of both menjou and bickford , died in an auto accident only a week after the film was released at age 19 .

-1
the only reason i watched this film was because i had recently read robert hough 's less than perfect , but interesting , fictionalised account of the life of big cat trainer mabel stark .
beaty appears as a character in the book , in a less than flattering light .
i had n't realised until checking the movie out later on the imdb that it was originally a serial .
whoever edited the original running time of minutes down to the 68 minuted version available on dvd has done a hell of a good job .
the shortened version plays just as well as any b movie of the period despite the many ` ? '
moments .
for instance are we really expected to believe our hero dug that twenty foot deep tiger trap in a morning without even getting his jodhpurs dirty ?
looking over the chapter titles i see that number five is titled `` gorilla warfare `` and number eleven is called `` the gorilla `` .
there were no gorillas at all in the movie .
i guess that 's where some of the cuts were made .
historicaly interesting .

-1
i had such a terrible print of this that it distracted from the enjoyment ( such as it was ) .
it is such a hodgepodge that one never really gets into any kind of story .
there are about six plots introduced and then pretty much dropped .
we have the re-animated women , the nut case , high on adrenaline , the mad doctor , the specialist in disguises , the women whose patronage seems really out of place .
there are virtually no motivations for anything -- it just rambles on from one scene to the next .
the little instructional breaks explaining various psychological anomalies lead us into -- what ?
it 's as if it 's supposed to be a clinical film and then you have this ranting .
the cat gets its eye popped out .
there are poe things , `` the black cat , `` with the walled up person .
i do n't know .
it just sort of ended , which was ok .
the nudity was interesting , in that it must have been pre-production code .
why was it there .
i suppose so the voyeuristic could be lured into a movie theater .
who knows .
it 's one big mess .

-1
this clunker is probably worse than anything ed wood made ... yeah this movie sucks bad.but at least it 's so bad it 's watchable and you 'll wonder who on earth would or could make such a horrible mess .
a crazy assistant to a crazy scientist kills the scientist and assumes his identity using cleverly applied make it was n't that cleverly done as the young lab assistant did n't really look like the old scientist but he still seemed to fool everyone in the in trying to pull off his scheme , whatever it was , the assistant manages to mistakenly create a crazed lunatic who proceeds to attack and carry off a woman who had been raised from the dead by the scientist before he was i 'm not too sure about the plot.it sort of wandered all over the place.the crazed man wandered off in the woods carrying the carrying her he makes a clumsy swipe to get her nightie off her breasts and i think he made another swipe even after the nightie was already down , raking nothing but i thought he was the crazed man plot is forgotten after the boobies are seen and we move on to something else that may be the plot for a few scenes ... .
.
and all during the movie descriptions of mental diseases , using the clunky understanding they had of mental problems back in 1934 , were being shown on the screen and then it was right back to the movie .
the sets were actually pretty creepy looking ... of course black and white was always the best for horror films anyway and the old dark lab and the underground chambers were pretty couple of other things make this film at least watchable ... breasts !
that 's right , besides the above described scene there are a few other scenes of bare breasts despite being such an old course like most films with bare breasts , the only reason to have bare breasts is ... well ... to show bare there is a scene where a cat gets it 's eyeball popped out and then the crazy lab assistant eats it -- i guess to show he was really , really crazy .
besides the disjointed nonsensical plot the script was awful and the acting was as bad as any movie i 've ever see.i mean these guys make steven seagal look like a master thespian .
an actress in the opening credits was named phyllis diller but i 'm trying to figure out the stinker was made in 1934 , and diller is in her early 90 's today i think and in the film from 74 years ago she would have been 20 or so but she already looked 50 years old so i 'm there ca n't have been two phyllis ?
oh well all that stuff is what makes a film like this fun to it 's later bad horror movie cousins in the 1950 's , at least this movie has some nudity to save it from being a complete waste .
( an update -- further research revealed that the phyllis diller in this movie is not the comedienne phyllis would have guessed that there were two ?
)

-1
mad scientist horace b. carpenter ( as meirschultz ) successfully `` re-animates `` dead flesh , including a pretty blonde suicide victim .
mr. carpenter orders maniacal lab assistant william woods ( as maxwell ) to shoot himself , and become the next `` re-animation `` ; instead , mr. woods shoots carpenter .
smart move .
then , woods bricks up carpenter in a basement tomb .
woods disguises himself as carpenter , becoming a mad maniacal scientist !
mind-bogglingly awful !
so awful , it 's mildly amusing .
satan ( uncredited ) is behind the madness .
edgar allan poe 's `` the cask of amontillado `` and `` the black cat `` are swiped .
there are flashes of topless women , which may have titillated some 1930s viewers .
the `` gore `` highlight occurs when a cat 's eye is popped out , and eaten ; the scene is neither gory nor frightening .
woods does a good job impersonating carpenter .
and , the cellar steps are cool .
** maniac ( 1934 ) dwain esper ~ william woods , horace b. carpenter , ted edwards

-1
esper 's most notorious effort is almost a fiction film ; i say almost because while there is certainly a story being told here , there are continual interruptions -- sometimes in !
-- by title cards blandly delineating the nature of various types of mental disorders .
the plot concerns a mad scientist and his even nuttier assistant -- cue some of the most florid , yet oddly enjoyable , overacting in movie history -- who steal a fresh corpse from the morgue ( looking more like the basement of dracula 's castle !
) in order to revive it by transplanting a beating human heart the doc has somehow acquired .
however , the two can not see eye to eye -- especially when the old man asks his pupil to shoot himself so that he will then perform a transplant on him as well !
naturally , at this , the latter kills the scientist instead and , being something of an actor ( `` once a ham , always a ham ! ``
dr. meirschultz snidely remarks ) impersonates him , since he happens to own a personal make-up kit and carries it along with him !
soon , he gets his first patient -- a man who thinks he is the killer ape from poe 's `` murders in the rue morgue `` ( !
) : however , the inexperienced medico ` unwittingly ' ( hardly since the two needles are so obviously different in size !
) administers the wrong medication and he goes berserk , first ranting about how his brain is on fire and then making off into the countryside with the revived girl from the morgue and ravages her ( after which he is never heard from again ) ! !
that said , his wife -- who had accompanied him to the doctor 's -- is a schemer and hangs around ; more trouble comes the protagonist 's way when he is visited by his estranged wife while he is posing as the scientist .
so , he has a stroke of genius and sends the two women to the basement of his lab armed with hypodermic needles making each believe the other is dangerous and needs to be sedated !
still , the much-talked about cat-fight which ensues between them does not really involve the syringes as they are dropped practically instantly .
also worth mentioning is the liberal but totally irrelevant use of footage from two silent masterworks -- benjamin christensen 's haxan ( 1922 ) and fritz lang 's the nibelungen ( 1924 ) -- in an attempt to emphasize the lead character 's deranged state-of-mind , and also the abhorrent treatment of cats on display -- among the film 's most infamous sequences is that in which a feline has one of its eyes ripped out and eaten ( though a completely different and apparently half-blind animal was used expressly for this shot !
) but when it is violently thrown against a sheet of glass , this seems all-too-real ! !
the film ends with the police bursting on the scene to find the two women still in the basement and the deceased professor a ' la `` the black cat `` , having been alerted to his presence -- as in poe 's tale ( and countless other films ) by the meowing of the feline which had itself been inadvertently entombed !
had esper exerted more self-control and infused some real cinematic sense into his picture , maniac could well pass off for one of the oddest horror outings of the 1930s ... but , as it stands , can only be deemed a relic and an undeniable curio -- as both ` grade z ' exploitation and , for what it is worth , a record of known variations of insanity ( and their attributes ) up to that time .
incidentally , in case anyone is wondering , this film rates higher than bomb for me because - unlike narcotic ( 1933 ) which was a total bore - this actually manages to be so preposterous as to be highly amusing .

-1
i am somewhat embarrassed to say this , but _ maniac _ is simply not that bad of a film .
the acting is hammy , but its ineptitude does n't even approach the ed wood level .
this is an exploitation film , pure and simple .
it was created to show insanity and scantily clad women when such things were prohibited from the mainstream .
it is actually quite entertaining , especially when compared to other 1930s b-movies .
the plot is certainly loopy , but not beyond following .
_ maniac _ is not a `` good `` film , but i would not put it anywhere near the running for worst movie of all time .
that honor should be reserved for complete disasters like _ manos , the hands of fate _ , _ robot monster _ ( which is probably the ultimate `` so bad it 's good `` film ) , _ glen or glenda _ , _ big jim mclain _ , _ ninja wars _ , _ the incredible 2-headed transplant _ , or _ dracula vs. frankenstein _ .
these films were trying to be snappy entertainment and came out horribly wrong .
_ maniac _ was trying to be exactly what it is .

-1
as a huge w.c. fields fan , i was obliged to see this film .
after all , he 's billed second in this movie .
however , he does n't even make an appearance until about 60 % through the film -- and this is after enduring a lot of sappy , syrupy and mush ! !
for shame -- and fields deserves to be dug up and slapped with a chicken -- the film is that big a disappointment ! !
pauline lord appears as the titular character -- the but dreadfully sad ( and stupid ) mother of a bazillion kids and a ne'er - do-well husband who 's disappeared to make his fortune in the klondike .
in the interim , mrs. wiggs is left to try to raise the kids on practically nothing .
it 's all very , very , very pitiful and sappy and seeing her reaction to her miserable lot in life is too much to bear -- especially when her most pitiful kid dies after a protracted illness .
what is comedic about this ? !
and , after a while you just wan na slap the lady as nothing seems to get her down .
while at first this makes her likable , her inexplicably happy demeanor following the death of one of her kids makes her seem more like a total idiot ... or a hamster who is willing to eat her young !
later , there is a huge section of filler where the wiggs clan ( minus dad and the kid who is about to die who is in the hospital ) all go to a variety show -- which is , naturally , provided by a nice rich lady for free .
during this , the audience sees a bunch of vaudeville and acts that are frankly pretty dull ... and meant to pad the film .
it does nothing to further the plot and does n't seem necessary .
later , after the kid croaks , w.c. fields makes an appearance as a stranger that appears in town and inexplicably wants to marry wiggs ' neighbor ( zasu pitts ) .
why this new plot is introduced is beyond me -- perhaps this is just more filler .
and , as wiggs helps this spinster to lie and connive to get a husband , once again i wanted to slap wiggs !
then , at the end , a snidely villain appears and tries to throw this pathetic family into the street .
considering how old fashioned and stupid the film was , i am surprised it was n't during a raging snow storm ! !
and , when the wayward husband ( donald meek ) appears at the end , he 's welcomed back with no questions asked ! !
overall , this is a dreadful film with nothing -- absolutely nothing to commend it .
it 's not funny ( a bit of a problem with a comedy ) , the film seems very outdated and the wiggs family seems too dumb to live !
why watch this film ?
i have no idea !

-1
watching this film today i got the feeling this thing was missing about 10 to 15 minutes or so from the beginning of the story .
john wayne rides up on this trading out in the middle of nowhere to meet with the owner about some robberies .
all he sees is the signs of a massacre , some dead bodies , signs of a fight and no one alive in sight .
that 's because the owner 's daughter is hidden in a secret room , the kind you find in old english murder mysteries .
the reason you find those hidden rooms in those kind of stories is that they were formerly .
catholic families clinging to the old faith in 16th century england built these things to hide those on the run from royal authorities because of their faith .
not something you see in westerns , but a good gimmick .
unfortunately because of bad editing or writing or both we never know exactly what brought wayne to this place exactly .
but this was a b western and not even a good one at that .
gabby hayes is in this and he 's clean shaven and playing a mute part of the time .
an unusual circumstance for the garrulous gabby .
if you want to bother and find out what happens and see a gabby hayes then see this film .

-1
this was a rarity found on the dancing lady dvd .
it 's a very lame short of interest only because it 's the only one to feature curly howard of the three stooges without his brother moe or larry fine .
instead , his co-horts are george who seems to speak in a bogus greek accent and is the leader and bob callahan who only lived a few years after this film .
they 're `` producers `` trying to impress a studio head .
oh , and i have to mention this is in two-strip technicolor and includes a couple of musical numbers meant for other movies .
since they were both filmed in the early talkie era , the stillness of shots makes both numbers quite static except for some overhead shots and not very interesting to watch except for historical purposes .
so , really , i ca n't recommend and movies except as a curiosity .

-1
i ca n't believe i watched this all the way through .
the things one does for ida lupino !
i waited and waited for her to appear on screen and nothing happened , so i peered more closely and blow me down , there she was , i had n't even recognised her .
she was playing the character called barbara hilton and i had not even noticed .
she had bleached platinum blonde hair , all curly , with her eyebrows shaved off and replaced by a single thin pencil stripe .
she was babbling like an idiot .
this was ida lupino ?
well , you can imagine things got even worse .
the director appeared to be having fun staging a kind of gay fantasy of muscle men striding around in shorts with nazi-style belts , flexing their muscles , looking fey , and posing as if for a gay mag .
this is definitely one of the silliest films i have ever seen .
it was somewhat alarming also to see all this parade of aryan youth and athletics and fitness going on in america in 1934 , as it was like a tepid foretaste of what leni riefenstahl was shortly to show us from germany .
this film contains real footage of the 1932 los angeles olympics , only two years before riefenstahl 's ` olympia ' from berlin .
the heath and fitness movement is clearly based on bernard macfadden , who was well known as a guru of the movement in the 1930s in america .
this film is so nonsensical that it belongs in dustbin number one .
how on earth did ida lupino survive such nonsense and go on to become a genius ?
i guess we all did things when young which are embarrassing , whether it was simply having acne or playing barbara hilton .
the male lead is buster crabbe , better known as cartoon heroes flash gordon and buck rogers .
tell me i imagined seeing this , and did n't waste all that time , please .

-1
i watched in amazement ( and admiration ) as three talented stars gave their all to breathe life into claude binyon 's amateurish script .
the dialog in this love-triangle lacks that special ingredient that made screwball comedy such a delight .
elisabeth holding , who wrote the story , had better luck with such noir classics as the excellent reckless moment ( 1949 ) .
there is nothing clever or ingratiating about this movie and i 'm amazed that it got any further than the garbage can .
colbert offers her usual pep .
macmurray is excellent and not bad on the eye .
robert young tries too , but ends up being just plain irritating .
i 've never seen a colbert film that i did n't want to watch twice .
now i have .

-1
as a history teacher and lover of films , i occasionally like watching cartoons that have been banned , as they tell us a lot about our society and how far we have come over the years .
what was perfectly acceptable decades ago is now , in some cases , seen as gross and inappropriate .
occasionally , these cartoons which have been removed from screening are n't particularly offensive but often , as in the case of this cartoon , they are so god-awful it 's hard to imagine that people would have laughed at and enjoyed these films !
thirteen of these cartoons have been packaged together on a dvd entitled `` cartoon : banned and censored `` and while the print quality of many of the cartoons is less than stellar , it 's a great chance to see how sensibilities have changed .
this cartoon consists of a talent show put on by betty boop .
however , the acts are all babies and none of it is funny or interesting .
while this is not too unusual for boop cartoons , this one is definitely less interesting than usual and has the added bonus of some amazingly gross black stereotypes .
first , there are some performing babies that look a lot like little black sambo , not humans .
second , there is an appallingly gross scene of a black child in the audience who is screaming and is only quieted when his mother gives him a huge slice of watermelon !
the result is a god-awful and embarrassing mess .
while i am a huge proponent of the first amendment right to free speech , in a rare case i am happy this film was pulled from circulation -- horribly dull , too many dumb baby scenes and completely offensive do n't make for especially good viewing unless you are a pedophile or klansman .

-1
i 'm not sure whom of five people to hate : the director ?
one or more of the people given the writing credits ?
in any event , this is one of those movies that fairly actively insults the viewer by having the ostensible hero repeatedly be implausibly foolish -- as if drunk through-out the entire story .
on top of this , the movie is awash with offensive ethnic stereotypes , and with obviously caucasian actors pretending to be chinese by looking filthy and acting sub-human .
the chinatown is made to seem as if it were literally over-run with villains , so that wong 's henchmen are to be found on every balcony and in most doorways .
the banter between the hero and his love interest is not so much a volley of witticisms as it is an inept .
i paused the movie repeatedly , wanting to recover from sequences of stupidity before slogging onward .

-1
i have to review what i see and sad to say other than interesting location cinematography in central america , there 's not much to recommend the new adventures of tarzan .
edgar rice burroughs who was personally involved in the making of this film would have been better to have left it in the hands of the professionals at mgm who while they changed his legendary character knew how to make a film .
they would also have advised him to not shoot on location as they did in trader horn .
the production costs nearly bankrupted mgm and the costs here rendered impossible any kind of profit .
in addition what i saw on tcm was a cut down feature film taken from a movie serial .
the serial ran over 4 hours and the film 75 minutes .
you ca n't make anything coherent from that .
bruce bennett is quite the well built tarzan .
he 's starring in this under his real name of herman brix , the same name for which he won a silver medal in the in the 1932 los angeles olympics .
later when he became bruce bennett he learned his craft as actor and is best remembered for the treasure of the sierra madre and mildred pierce as an actor .
i 'm sure bennett did a bit of cringing when he saw this film or was reminded of it in the 100 years of life he had on planet earth .

-1
the more i see of movie serials i am becoming slowly convinced that the best actors in the world are n't olivier or brando , it 's the people who acted in these cliffhangers who could make the most of the inane situations and dialog without totally breaking up .
keeping a straight face through some of this is worthy of an oscar .
as it was with the cast of the adventures of rex and rinty .
chief villain harry woods is on some island in the pacific or indian ocean , it 's never too clear where the folks there dress like mongols and worship horses .
one black stallion in particular is the god horse of the island .
woods thinks he might make a great polo pony and be a real asset in beating hero to be kane richmond 's team .
they kidnap the horse and take him to america leaving a theological revolution on the island where mischa auer heads the horse worshipers .
of course the horse is not broken at all to saddle and rather resents the whole notion .
he escapes and makes friends with kane richmond , norma taylor , smiley burnette , and of course rin tin tin .
rex and rinty are quite the team and they save the human heroes as much as the humans save them .
smiley burnette who had not developed the ` frog ' persona yet provides the comic relief and he 's the best thing in the serial .
just a brief outline of the plot of these things tells you in advance how incredibly ridiculous these serials were .
but back in the day they were popular in a country that prided itself on its isolation which carried with it , a lack of knowledge of the outside world .
product like the adventures of rex and rinty was the result .

-1
cute seven-year-old dickie moore ( as thomas `` junior `` hall ) is with his mother martha sleeper ( as ellen blair hall ) when she catches husband and father john miljan ( as thomas `` tom `` hall ) leaving his new york law office with a blonde affair .
the couple is granted a court separation , with young dickie scheduled to spend six months with ms. sleeper , followed by six months with mr. miljan .
this is a trial custody arrangement , as the couple prepares for divorce .
mother and teacher are upset when the little moore has to go live in father miljan 's mansion , but they follow court orders ... unfortunately , there is no scene showing dickie moore unpacking his goldfish ... while with his father , young moore must deal with baths administered by `` big sissy `` franklin pangborn ( as thornton ) , who is engaged as his tutor .
apparently , sweet and motherly jane darwell ( as mary o'brien ) does n't do baths .
meanwhile , gloria shea ( as jane ) , the blonde who dated dad in the opening scene , tries to play `` mama `` to moore .
she wants to be a wealthy socialite , but moore wants his real mother and father to get back together .
`` tomorrow 's youth `` depends on stable marriages .
it looks like production code made sure the seventh commandment was followed .
** tomorrow 's youth ( ) charles lamont ~ dickie moore , martha sleeper , john miljan , franklin pangborn

-1
when budd buster ( veteran of over 300 tv and movie westerns ) says that the villain , wolf larsen , is `` raising heck ! ``
you can tell this one looks like it was made for children .
if not , it must have been put together to follow p.t . barnum 's words of wisdom , `` you 'll never go broke underestimating the intelligence of the american public . ``
( or was it vince mcmahon who said that ?
) it 's in the long line of ghost town / ghost cave / ghost rider cheapies so common in b westerns of the thirties and forties .
but even that dignifies the movie too much .
nothing worthwhile here , except to see that the real star of the film , bill cody , jr. ( who must have been about 10 years old ) can out act his father , bill cody , sr. , who is best known for starring in `` the worst b movie western ever made . ``
( let 's see if you can fnd it .
) the director , robert hill , is best known for directing ` flash gordon 's trip to mars ' ( 1938 ) , felt by many to be the weakest of the three ` flash gordon ' serials ( though it features strong work by charles middleton as ming the merciless ) .
in this one we see hal taliaferro ( wally wales ) featured prominently as the evil gang leader , but otherwise it 's a double f : file and forget .
i generously give it a 2 .

-1
i might have enjoyed the adventures of frank merriwell a whole lot more had they kept it within the time frame it was written .
the first frank merriwell story came out in 1896 and the attitudes in those stories very graphically expressed those of pre-world war i america .
and that 's where frank should have stayed .
instead he 's updated to the year 1936 and the character really does n't play well here .
for those who do n't know merriwell was a fictional character created by gilbert patten writing under the name of burt l. standish .
he was a square jawed , clean living , college athlete with no vices of any kind who while getting into all kinds of adventures still managed to get back in time to make the winning touchdown , win the race , or hit the home run in the bottom of the ninth inning for good old yale .
the books were enormously popular in the theodore roosevelt era and baseball pitcher christy of the new york giants was in that time considered a living embodiment of frank merriwell .
i 'm surprised no one has ever considered a biographical film based on .
this is a serial , so i 'm not expecting the greatest caliber of acting and certainly not even cecil b. demille type special effects .
in that i was n't disappointed .
donald briggs plays our firm jawed hero who in this version after hitting a game winning homerun , gets called home when his mother is taken ill .
that 's a ruse , she 's being harassed by and she thinks they 're after a ring that dad merriwell left before disappearing two years earlier .
the ring holds the key to a buried treasure and our intrepid hero with his gang of college chums go searching for it with these mysterious villains on their trail .
during the course of the merriwell gets to show off his prowess in rowing , track and field , and boxing .
the climax in fact involves a football game .
jean rogers who played dale arden in the flash gordon serial is on hand as frank 's most chaste girl friend and biggest booster .
it 's what was expected of the all american hero back then in 1896 .
it might have gotten a couple extra stars had it stayed in 1896 .

-1
to read so many of these reviews gushing over this film makes me want to throw up .
this was the worst of the thin man movies and represents everything that is dated and totally stupid about these characters .
i did enjoy two of the the thin man films , but this particular one was so annoying i could n't finish it .
what is entertaining about shrill , hysterical , drunken people ?
we have that in there , in spades , in the first half hour alone which made me want to toss this vhs in the trash can .
shrill women and loud male drunks - wow , that 's fun to watch and hear .
smoking and drinking glamorized to the hilt which is my main complaint with these thin man movies .
that problem is the worst in here of all of the films in the series .
much of the humor is so dated it just sounds stupid .
however , some lines by william powell are still funny .
one has to give him his due .
he , more than myrna loy , is the star of this series .
asta , the pet dog , is fun to watch in parts but they go a little too long with some of his scenes .
the story also is boring mainly because it 's so convoluted .
so what 's the appeal here ?
nothing .
i 'm sure it was popular back in its day when the answer to every problem - as nick and nora seem to think - is another cigarette or another martini , but it 's just dumb .
how can this couple be smart enough to solve the most complicated case at the same time be plastered three-quarters of the time ?
it could n't be done .

-1
al shean , of the great vaudeville team of gallagher & shean , had buried his partner seven years before this , the next to last of the roach ` girl friends ' series was released , and they could have dug up the corpse for something that smelled less .
thelma todd was dead and lyda roberti , paired here with patsy kelly would be dead in a year and there 's no chemistry .
well , roach was shutting down short subject production and these were almost certainly made simply to fill contracts with mgm .
there 's an air of cheapness , not only in the sets but in the poor doubling , the cheating close-up shots to disguise them and what looks like style wirework .
miss roberti does have a nice musical interlude early on with the avalon boys , but between her accent and her family training as a circus clown , she offers little sense of byplay and makes miss kelly 's brashness even more annoying than usual .
a sad successor to the early entries in the series .
longtime roach cameraman art lloyd manages some nice camera-work , but i 'd miss this one if i were you .

-1
among the worst shorts that the hal roach studio produced were the thelma pitts films .
they made quite a few but they just were n't particularly funny .
zasu 's shtick was sounding like olive oyl with and eventually they decided to replace her with the loud and abrasive patsy kelly .
this really was n't much of an improvement and the series limped along .
however , oddly , after the suspicious death of thelma todd , the brilliant minds at roach decided to keep the series going by substituting the polish actress lyda roberti in todd 's place -- a very bizarre decision in hindsight .
why pick roberti other than the fact that she , too , was a blonde ? !
with her heavy accent and lack of screen presence or talent , the series limped along ... barely ... until roberti 's very premature death .
patsy is sent by her boss to pick up a lady from the boat .
the lady turns out to be lyda and they get into some very contrived trouble -- and none of it 's particularly funny .
there 's a running gag about a cop and a cabbie and patsy pretending to be a foreigner ( oh , it is bad ) .
none of it is funny and you just wonder why lyda was there in the first place -- she was about as entertaining as smallpox and barely spoke the language .
she and patsy are so terrible together that the film manages to make the films look great by comparison .
dreadful .

-1
this film often made very little sense and it made me wonder if perhaps the studio let children or lemurs .
the film begins with some businessmen discussing a so-called ` devil diamond ' -- a supposedly cursed large diamond .
in order to be able to sell it , they decide to secretly cut it into smaller diamonds .
so far , so good .
however , they are going to mail it ( uninsured even ) to a retired diamond cutter and have him do the work .
considering the stone was nearly the size of a doorknob , it was simply insane to imagine anyone handling it in such a cavalier manner .
the scene switches to a group of crooks .
they have found out about the plan and are going to the town where the diamond is being sent , as they want to steal the stone .
however , and here 's where it gets goofy , they create a cover story about why they are in this small town -- they are there to train a young and relatively dim boxer ( frankie darro ) .
the only trouble is , darro looks about as menacing as a jelly donut and the ` trainers ' seem to care less about his workout regimen .
to make it worse , a couple of the dumb crooks keep picking fights with darro -- making anyone with half a brain to assume they have no interest in training the guy .
and , in the process , they are about as incognito as a group of strippers at a baptist convention !
staying in the diamond cutters home are not just these guys , but a secret agent for the diamond industry ( handsome kane richmond ) .
can richmond thwart these ?
and , for that matter , can stupid frankie darro figure out that he is not in training ? !
in recent months , i 've seen quite a few of darro 's films -- mostly ones he co-starred with mantan moreland .
the sum total of these films sure make me wonder why darro was a star -- even for a tiny independent studio .
he just came off as a bit annoying and completely lacked charisma .
if i had been in charge of the production , i would have just focused on richmond -- he at least looked and sounded like a leading man .
and , while i was at it , i would have tried to find a competent writer or two !
oh , and i would have found some way to make at least a single moment in this film interesting !

-1
this is by far , the worst stooge short ever filmed .
the plot was terrible , and they did not move from that courthouse .
curly does ok , but his little lines to the judge are kind of dumb .
curly : `` he 's talking , i do n't know what he 's saying ! ``
man : `` he 's asking you if you swear ... `` curly : `` no , but i know all the words ! ``
the stooges are witnesses in the case of the killing of kirk robin .
a man named buck wing is the culprit ( found out at the end ) .
moe and larry sit in the crowd while curly is questioned about the murder .
curly misunderstands , chews gum , and falls out of the witness chair .
these are really the only funny parts of this stooge short .
i love the 3 stooges to death , but this is the worst short they ever made .
i 'm just glad that they made up for this one .
shorts like - three little , ants in the pantry , three little twerps , three loan wolves , and gents in a jam - made up for this poor performance .

-1
dull , dull , dull .
three hours of dreary dialog and often boring musical numbers .
some of the musical numbers are actually ten times better than the dialogue bits - that says it all .
the first half is particularly dull .
too silly and absurd to be a credible bio ( artistic license has been stretched here ) , and too unfunny to be a comedy .
there is n't a single scene that could be considered funny nowadays ( and maybe even back then , too ) .
powell lacks charisma , and certainly is n't someone who can carry a movie of this `` size `` .
accepting him as a womanizer is difficult ; i do n't know what the actual ziegfeld looked like , but powell could n't charm an alley dog with that face of his .
he 's got ta be the ugliest leading man of that era .
rainer is totally over-the-top and too animated ; her one-note acting gets tedious very quickly .
only myrna loy shows charm and screen presence , but it 's a good two hours before she even appears so she is in no position to save the movie .
the film got a couple of oscars .
yes , it 's one of those ...

-1
this is a terrible film .
it is not funny at all and is both boring and irritating .
it is supposed to be a frothy romantic comedy , but it has about as much froth as a glass of beer that has been standing in a cupboard for two weeks .
carole lombard was unable to save it on her own , despite her talents , and she flails around like a lost parakeet who can not find her perch .
the appalling leading man , preston foster , is simply offensive and revolting .
if you are looking for a complete failure in this genre , this is it .
a basic premise of this film is that it is ok for a pompous man to persecute a girl and try to force his attentions on her to satisfy his lusts and his male vanity .
this is supposed to be amusing .
the man 's self regard is nauseating , and the very concept of this film is utterly loathsome .

-1
when a new , restored print of modern times opened locally , it was a chance to see a `` classic `` silent just as its original audience did almost 60 years ago .
the print was magnificent , with a crystalline image quality and rich sound .
the film , sadly , was not quite as fresh .
chaplin dusts off his hobo character yet again , and creates a series of set pieces that are humourous to be certain -- but annoyingly inconsistent .
the skating routine rates as a classic ; others come off as old , or even forced ( like his nearly that lands him in a mental hospital ) .
in other words , it 's broad physical comedy with a trademark humanism .
it may be time to reevaluate what constitutes a `` classic `` film .
it happened one night , from the very early '30s , is as fresh and funny today as when it was released .
modern times comes off like a dusty antique .
one audience member behind me laughed , and loudly .
at every joke and pratfall .
the dry , over-loud laughs gave one the feeling that he was responding to what he felt he should be laughing at , rather than what was inherently funny .
maybe it 's time for audiences in general to respond honesty to a film itself , and not its austere reputation .

-1
this is yet another horrible exploitation film from the late 1930s -- a period chock full of low-budget stinkers about sex and drugs ( such as reefer madness , marijuana and sex madness ) .
so why did they make so many horrid films like this ?
well , the producers said it was to inform parents about certain social problems , but more often than not the films were intended to skirt past the new and rigid production code that banned `` inappropriate material `` in films , and if the material were `` educational `` , then it might slip past the censors in many states .
in the guise of education , nudity , incest , drug abuse and many other taboos were addressed in film -- and usually in the tackiest and silliest manner .
while the pace that kills ( aka , `` cocaine fiends `` ) is not as bad an exaggeration as the many marijuana films ( that actually stated or implied that pot was worse than heroin , cocaine and pills ) , the ridiculousness of the plot will no doubt make modern audiences chuckle .
so , the film makers were able to take a serious issue that needed to be addressed and made it all seem comically stupid -- way to go , guys !
the film begins with a nice girl being tricked into using cocaine by an evil pusher .
she has a headache and he tells her to inhale this `` new headache medicine `` .
so , like a total idiot , she does without question and becomes hooked .
later , after this nice girl disappears into the dreaded `` big city `` , her brother goes looking for her -- only to also become hooked when another ne'er do well offers him a new `` headache powder `` !
apparently stupidity does run in families .
now the depths to which they fell -- losing everything due to the addiction was n't terribly overdone .
but , how they got there and the preachiness of the plot no doubt made kids of the day often want to do drugs because the message was so obviously phony and silly .
horrid writing , acting , direction and editing -- this film manages to fail on every level except one -- it is quite funny .
of course , with a total budget of $ , what can you expect from this film ?

-1
i wish this movie rose to the level of entertaining camp .
but it does n't .
instead , it 's simply a bad low-budget film with few redeeming qualities .
i take `` camp `` to mean that a scene ( s ) is laughably overdone because of either acting , scripting , or staging .
here the narcotic scenes are not ludicrously overdone like those in the notorious reefer madness .
rather , the dope ( cocaine , and apparently opium ) either puts a smile on the user 's face or puts him into a dreamy haze -- not exactly the burlesque of that 1936 classic .
to me , the only scenes that approach camp are the two ridiculous singing acts , especially the singing waiter whose weird eye-rolling is priceless .
also , there 's little titillation of the sort that characterizes most 30 's exploitation films -- no nude , semi-nude or even seduction scenes .
as usual for these films , the city is presented as a corruptive influence on small town innocents who are preyed upon by ruthless .
then too , there 's the notorious double standard in play .
note how the girls `` ca n't go home again `` after being corrupted , but eddie can go once he kicks the habit .
there are aspects of the typical exploitation flick , but the result looks more like an artless attempt to warn youth away from drugs of any sort .
the trouble is that both the story - line and the cost-cutting are much too obvious .

-1
in 1932 , harry anslinger was named head of the federal bureau of narcotics .
the position was not much more than a figurehead because all the bureau was involved in was the amount of morphine etc that were in medicine like cough syrup .
well anslinger wanted more power and the best way to get power was to put more `` narcotics `` under his control .
so he set his sights on marijuana .
he met and became friends with charles randolph hearst ( of kane fame ) and they talked about their shared dislike of cannabis .
now during this time , there was a real movement to make paper out of hemp .
hearst did n't like this notion because he owned so many timber yards and such , so he and anslinger agreed to work together to get hemp .
first hearst started publishing false and sensational stories about the effects of marijuana .
then anslinger hooked up with a film producer and the end result was reefer madness ... crazy as it sounds , the scheme worked .
the year after reefer madness was released , congress passed the marijuana tax stamp act which made possession and/or use of marijuana a criminal offense .

-1
rated pg for drug use , some violence and brief sexual content .
tell your children aka reefer madness is an exploitation film from 1936 .
i have heard a lot about this film and i decided to check it out.i must say its one of , if not the worst movie i have ever seen.i hear its hilarious to watch when you are 've never smoked marijuana but this movie would probably have been better if i was you 're wondering if this is one of those movies that are so bad their good , its not , its just plain bad.the film was originally made by a church group to show parents the dangers of marijuana use ( very inaccurately i might add ) .
this film was never seen again until the 1970 's when it was shown , and considered a comedy among pot only really funny parts about this movie come from the terrible acting.the acting in this film is horrible.i usually do n't notice bad acting but this film stands out as one of those films with bad acting.the bad acting also may contribute to the fact that the people who made this film , did not know a thing about of all they misspell it marihuana in the film , secondly while i have never tried pot , i can tell you it does n't give you the urge to rob banks or kill your family ( as told in the film ) .
reefer madness is basically unrealistic film is also pretty ' t bother watching it , its not so bad its good , its just bad .

-1
you can see it whatever way you want , but this movie is bad .
there are some funny parts , like the piano player giggling in the closet , and there is melodrama aplenty that some may find interesting , but i wanted my seven dollars back .
it 's propaganda , no better than shorts from the forties that depicted the japanese as buck toothed , slant eyed monsters .
it 's ridiculous and offensive .
i heard so much about the absurdity in this movie that made it hysterical .
it was not enough to warrant the purchase or even a rental .
if you can see it in a large group at a free screening , that would be for the best .
do not expect more than a few laughs from a well meaning , although highly misguided project .
it 's worth is in more of a historical capacity now .
p.s . comparing this movie to requiem for a dream is like comparing emmanuelle to last tango in paris or deuces wild to the godfather .

-1
how can the director who produced film classics like napoleon and j ' accuse have produced such a shoddy film ? !
i was totally surprised to find this one of the most tedious films i have seen in some time and i have to admit at the outset that i could n't force myself to see the entire film .
read on a see why .
the film begins with a dying kid and a crying mother in a room .
a guy who does n't particularly look like beethoven ( and has remarkably good hearing ) is apparently beethoven and he begins playing an orchestral piece by himself just using a piano !
yes , you can hear flutes , violins and countless other instruments all coming from the piano like some sort of crappy music video from the 1960s .
while i was surprised by this , i was even more surprised when just moments later the same type thing happened again as beethoven 's lady love was doing the exact same thing herself -- this time outside with a group of friends at her own piano .
considering she , too , had this amazing talent , i could see why beethoven loved her so ( this is sarcasm , by the way -- just wanted to let you know ) .
the film does n't get much better after this and really does n't seem much like the real life story of beethoven .
in this bizarro world version of his life , his landlords love him ( even though in reality he got evicted dozens of times because his music at all hours alienated him from all his landlords ) .
to make things worse , the english captioning is among the worst i 've ever seen .
often long comments in french are either not translated or just summarized .
while i am not exactly fluent in the language , at times i did much better ignoring the captions and just trying to decipher what they were saying myself .
i can not blame gance for this , but put the blame squarely on the shoulders of the hacks who later did the captioning .
the bottom line is this is not beethoven 's life nor is it particularly well-made nor is it compelling .
there are other less boring and better made bio-pics .
skip it and look for another french film -- there are so many better .
for example , at the same time period that this film was made , the films of marcel pagnol were absolutely brilliant .

-1
this strange b-movie might just have the most bizarre and insane plot of any film i have ever seen -- or at least it 's might close .
now considering that i have so far reviewed almost 9000 films , this says a lot about `` death in the air `` !
the film begins with racer x , i mean ` pilot x ' flying about the country shooting down passenger planes for kicks !
doctor norris has a totally insane idea about who the killer pilot could be ... it 's someone with a split personality .
he then assembles a group of pilots who could be the mysterious pilot x and invites them to his house for a sleepover .
think about it ... he invites them there so they can start killing each other -- and this is exactly what occurs .
one by one , the men ( for no discernible reason whatsoever ) take to the air and are shot down by x .
that is , until x himself is finally destroyed !
none of this plot made any sense and i guessed at the beginning of the movie who the mystery man was , so it certainly is not a good movie by any standard ... except one .
if you are a bad movie fan and like watching movies so silly that they are good for a laugh , then this picture is for you .
in addition to the dopey plot , there is another character who might just be the most over-the-top character i 've seen in years -- and i say three cheers for captain saunders .
the totally ridiculous explosive outbursts by this nutty character make this movie worth seeing !
seeing him rant and rave with some hollywood version of post-traumatic stress disorder is unintentionally hilarious .
this is one of the worst scene-chewing examples you can find in film .
however , if you do take this film or saunders ' character too seriously , your brain might explode !
yes , it 's that dumb !
another unintentionally hilarious scene is where dr. norris tells a friend on the phone that he knows who the x-man is and that he should come over right away to learn the guy 's identity !
you just know that only seconds later norris will be assuming room temperature -- and that 's exactly what happens .
do n't you think that if you knew who a serial killer was you 'd tell everyone who it was that -- and perhaps then call the police to arrest him and protect you ? !
well , certainly not in this bizarro world !
how all this ends and who the killer is also will provide some laughs .
i do n't want to say more -- rest assured that it is convoluted and insane !
so is there anything good about the film ?
well , the aerial sequences are pretty good but i think a lot of them were lifted from other films .
one in particular ( the burning cockpit scene ) might just be from `` hell 's angels `` and the crashed planes were obviously just very cheap hunks of wood tossed together .

-1
a series of planes have been mysteriously shot down by a rogue pilot in a black plane with an x painted on the wing .
three of the planes were manufactured by henry goering and the government sends a pilot ( jerry blackwood ) to check if the planes malfunctioned due to construction , but after a survivor names a pilot x as the murderer , dr. norris ( psychologist ) suggests a former wwi ace pilot would be the culprit due to the skill and mentality for such crimes .
goering invites 5 former wwi aces to his home to weed out the killer , while making them believe they are actually hunting for pilot x , who kills two of the pilots and dupes blackwood into killing the third .
after that murder ( and dr. norris after he discovers the killer 's identity ) , blackwood dares pilot x to challenge him solo in the air , while the authorities are led to believe blackwood is the culprit .
interesting premise , but this movie lies in the turkey category by the ridiculous and implausible script , really really bad acting , and horrendous directing .
the climax of the final aerial battle with blackwood and pilot x is decent at best considering it drags on a bit longer than it should have .
avoid this one .
rating , 2 .

-1
`` easy living `` does have wonderful set design .
amateur home decorators will love feasting their eyes on the imperial suite of the hotel louis .
however people usually expect more out of a film than just that .
preston sturges provides a couple of his trademark pratfalls in this script , but as for belly laughs , guffaws , and knowing chuckles , there are n't any .
you would n't think you could go wrong with any film starring jean arthur , but i did n't get the dizzy comedy romance i was expecting .
they poured all the ingredients for a fizzy screwball into a tall glass but they forgot to stir .
i thought even less highly of the film than when i first saw it a number of years ago .
`` easy living `` contains an early appearance by the unofficial preston sturges stock company , although it is certainly not their debut .
`` diamond jim `` , `` the good fairy `` , and `` hotel haywire `` each feature members of the troupe in varying combinations .
`` diamond jim `` has a cast not unlike this one in fact , with edward arnold and jean arthur as the leads .
i would like to see a video re-release of `` the good fairy `` , a film i recall indistinctly but with some affection .

-1
it just is n't the misleading title of this newsreel drama that weakens the film , but the exploitation of the hindenberg disaster which they never even mention by name .
newsreel footage of that 1936 disaster is slipped in as the businessmen scheme to get inventors for a new fangled invention called television where important stories can be reported on live .
( imagine `` we interrupt this motion picture for the following important news story ... `` ) toss this around with fluff about sweepstakes and a contest winner who receives a new york trip as her prize ( for some reason being confused as the winner of the lottery like sweepstakes ) and you have a pointless drama where china is n't even mentioned until 45 minutes into the movie , which only happens to be 52 minutes .
of course , the obligatory romantic triangle is thrown in between contest winner june travis , newsreel photographer wallace ford and travis 's square small town boyfriend dean jagger .
some great character performers ( jonathan hale and minerva urecal , among them ) have some nice bits , but the best footage is actually from stock .
shanghai , as you may presume from this review , is never mentioned .

-1
harlem on the prairie is an interesting film since few today realize that in america in the 1920s , 30s and 40s there was a small black film industry that made films for theaters .
unfortunately , hollywood had no interest in making films for black americans and blacks were also not allowed in many to enter white movie theaters .
to make things worse , the theaters often had a hard time getting hollywood films as they were the last theaters to receive hollywood films .
so , because of availability problems and the black audience 's desire to see black actors , hundreds ( if not thousands ) of low-budget black films were made for this niche market .
today it is very , very rare to see these films on tv and the last time any serious effort was made to make them available to the public was in the 1980s when the bet network showed them regularly .
so at least historically speaking this is an important film and one that might have some interest despite its cheap production values .
the style of harlem on the prairie is much like that of its contemporary white b-westerns .
here , the very light-skinned and tall herb jeffries plays a character much like gene autry , tex ritter or john wayne in his b days ( as either `` singing sandy `` or one of `` the three mesquiteers `` ) .
in fact , the film 's plot and structure are all right out of the b-western play book !
the problems are that these hollywood westerns are pretty forgettable and that harlem is significantly cheesier and , well , dumber .
the acting ( apart from jeffries ) is generally terrible and the film seems like it was made by complete amateurs .
plus , the inclusion of mantan moreland and dark-skinned villains did n't do much to improve the self-image of black america .
now i noticed that there is one other review and they gave the film a 10 .
now i usually do n't criticize other reviewers , but this seems like a good time to make an exception to my usual rule .
as my summary says , giving this film a 10 is like buying a dior dress for a pig -- it 's that inappropriate since it 's such a bad film .
while it 's not quite as terrible as harry and michael medved say in their book `` the golden turkey awards `` , it sure is poor and is only of interest for its historical value or perhaps to laugh at the ineptness of the project .
heck , even if this was a decent film ( which it 's not ) , giving any series b-western a 10 seems ridiculous .
amazingly , even though this is a rather dreadful film , jeffries went on to make several more westerns .
as for his abilities , he was an excellent actor and you wander what sort of career he would have had if prejudice did n't limit his career options .
also , while perhaps hard to believe , last i checked jeffries is still alive and well -- and 97 years old !
good luck mr. jeffries -- you were a great trailblazer .

-1
this magnum opus becomes little more than a magnificent embarrassment by its end .
rumored to be originally cut at 6 hours by its director , and then `` trimmed `` to 3 hours for it 's premier , i understand that the original audience reactions were so vehemently negative back in that it had to be whacked down some more ( some prints are as short as 97 minutes ) before it could be reasonably endured .
the restored print i viewed recently , at 132 minutes , put back enough of the misery that even one of the hard core with me at showing opted to flee instead of throw more good time after bad , and the whole experience made it abundantly clear to me why this film , though it may be important for so many reasons , and impressive for its scope and many of its elements , fails on far too many levels to be revered as so many have been confused into revering here and elsewhere .
i 'm glad i saw it , but i 'd spare anyone else the misery , if they might be considering the film for anything other than as a film history curiosity .
the opening sequence is , to be fair , fairly brilliant .
the crowd scenes are intense , and the editing is crisp and emotionally powerful .
ronald coleman 's take on the character is likewise fully up to the task , and capra 's deft touch with the action surprises and delights .
( who knew !
) but things so quickly head into la la land ( sorry , bad pun ) from there , that you almost forget by the end how good it was for those first few minutes .
the list of problems with this film is pretty long .
john howard 's performance , as younger brother george to coleman 's older brother bob , is so bad and over the top it takes first prize for me .
( so very bad words fail ) .
but there is plenty of competition .
characters appear at such random intervals , and entertain each other with such random dialogue , that it makes you wonder how much possible sense from those original 6 hours of film had to be left on the floor in order to get things down to 2 .
margo , as maria , sports mismatched eyelashes in some of the scenes , which are actually somewhat amusing if you do n't mind laughing at a movie you 're trying desperately to like .
isabell jewel gets to show off a few lines of her classic `` gun moll `` dialogue skills , but she soon becomes almost invisible as her makeup is wiped off and her character is literally written out of the script .
the most enjoyable characters and performances are thomas mitchell 's and edward everett horton 's , and they 're fun to watch when they appear , but they serve no ultimate dramatic purpose , nor make a whole lot of sense .
the main premise , that of the internal and eternal question of the possible existence of something like `` shangri-la `` itself , remains unsatisfactory all the way to the end .
by the time a gratuitous and completely summary is recited at the gentleman 's club to supposedly explain why we 've been watching the entire movie , you realize that capra had so thoroughly lost the thread of things that even he could n't make sense of it or produce an actual film of his intentions .
film school students do a better job choosing ways to visually portray ideas and emotions .
this film ultimately fails .
as for my favorite bits , i 'll commend once again the opening sequence , and encourage anyone to invest the time to watch at least that much .
it 's excellent .
ronald coleman 's performance , and jane wyatt 's with him , are outstanding , and some edited bits of that will please anyone with an appreciation .
i also very much enjoyed h.b . warner 's chang , and even did n't mind sam jaffe 's high lama impersonation .
add in mitchell 's and horton 's contributions , and the better part of 2 million 1936 dollars , and you 'd think a guy like capra might be able to make a pretty decent movie .
( fail ) .
the sets are incongruous .
the main building in shangri-la looks like nothing so much as a hotel .
( think vegas circa 1960 -- maybe they were copying ) .
the airplane interior is great , as are many of the rooms at shangri-la .
but the inconsistency of styles moving back and forth from interiors to exteriors to panoramas , is jarring .
( feels very much like different location directors with vastly different styles had to be cut together without any attempt whatsoever to find a thematic consistency ) .
too many performances clunk .
the story itself is well overlong , and moves so pointlessly that the emotional and existential intent of the story is all but completely obscured .
yes , we get it that we 're supposed to think about the possibility of it , but when 10 minutes of film succeeds in communicating the paradox of it , the 2 additional hours belaboring that point make things anything but better .

-1
`` quiet !
i 'll have no laughter in the courtroom , `` says the deadpan judge , but in fact the scenes in the courtroom deliver the only laughs in this movie , because they deliver the only breaths of fresh , honest air in the script .
cary grant 's comedic flair shines as always , even when he 's mugging for garson kanin ( a director who should have stuck to writing ) .
too bad his character , the only remotely attractive one , is stuck with a lousy screenplay and two loser wives .
nothing against gail patrick , who exudes cool intelligence and can deliver a cynical remark like a brunette eve arden .
unfortunately , most of her roles are thankless , and none more so than this one .
as wife no . 2 , she 's pure plot device , manipulated to the needs of the story .
but , as usual with her movies , it is irene dunne who makes this almost unwatchable , particularly in close-ups , when her tongue threatens to flop out of her usually open mouth .
if you get stuck watching this , check out the score and the sound editing .
both are aggressively silly , in an attempt to make up for the lack of comedy throughout the film .
a futile attempt .

-1
we watch gene autry movies for his sincerity , his interplay with a female lead or smiley burnette ( all on display in ` ' kid from pine ridge ' from 1937 ) , a mean villain or an interesting story ( as in ` the big show ' from 1936 ) but in this film we get none of these .
too much of it is outdoors with new or stock footage of cattle movements , and chasing of the rustlers .
unless yakima canutt is available for doing gene 's stunts , we get more singing than slam bang action .
the only good song is `` old `` about an old man hanging up his boots and saddles .
we get to see the spunky ann rutherford , who went on to play polly benedict in the andy hardy movies .
but in this one , too much time is wasted on poor low comedy ( smiley burnette sitting backwards on a horse , trapped in a meat packing truck , and paired as the head in a two man steer costume ) , and outdoor landscape chases .
one of smiley 's songs was cut from the edited version i have ( `` i got the heebie blues `` ) and his `` defective detective from brooklyn `` is certainly one of the high points ( ?
) of his career as a .
hardly any character interaction or development to speak of .
only good if you like to watch lots of men on horseback chasing more men on horseback across the plains .
i 'll give it a two and half .

-1
this tedious ` musical ' from 1937 was clearly an a grade republic production maybe hoping to tag along on the bottom half of a double bill with a smart a grade film from mgm or paramount .
very well produced with lavish and well furnished big sets and some style rhythm in the clouds is basically a company calling card or showreel of republic 's ` expertise ' ... but ... someone forgot to create something for the audience to enjoy .
screenplay by nathaniel west ( of day of the locust fame ... he also later adapted let 's make music for rko ) who must have used a blunt pencil for this one .
an a grade film out of republic was a b + for rko or columbia which might indicate the level of expertise on show .
basically it is about a dishonest female music arranger sneaks into the apartment of a vacationing composer and creates the impression they are collaborating .
her music with his name on it too .
it becomes a hit and makes the radio .
he returns : `` screwball situations `` .
it just is n't very interesting .
a cast who might have been boston stage actors recently and a forgettable music score makes this film dull .
if you want to some ambitious production imagery and set design and camera work etc hard at work at republic in their early days of 1937 here it is .
a 30s production curio only .
amusingly , it is what grand national or later in 1937 , monogram was striving for .

-1
during the time this documentary was made , hollywood was rife with communists .
for some reason there were scores of hollywood types who thought that socialism was the way to go despite all evidence to the contrary .
the production company that made this documentary was made up of a of communist sympathizers , jos dos passos , lillian hellman , etc . .
as a result this documentary is completely slanted to one side , the side of the republicans , which were supplied and supported by the soviet union .
there is absolutely no attempt to be even handed in the presentation , republicans = good , .
if you decide to view this documentary go into it with the forewarning that none of what you are seeing is in any way even handed .

-1
`` when you 're in love `` is notable for two trivial reasons , neither of which brings any merit to the movie .
the first is that silent-film star louise brooks appears in this film as a chorus girl .
in 1929 brooks had poisoned her hollywood career , refusing to participate in the re-shooting of one of her silent films as a talkie .
eight years later , trying to recover her brief stardom , brooks was desperate enough to strike a one-sided bargain with low-budget studio columbia : former dancer brooks would accept a role in `` when you 're in love `` , at a chorus girl 's wage and indistinguishable from any of the other chorus girls .
columbia would circulate photos of brooks in the chorus line , hoping to drum up publicity for this film with the angle of the beginning all over in the chorus .
the back end of this deal was that columbia promised to give brooks a starring role afterwards .
the angle did nothing to save the box-office of `` when you 're in love `` , and the starring vehicle never came .
( i find louise brooks very sexy , but most of her fans seem very creepy .
the louise brooks cult is determined to delude itself that louise brooks herself was identical to the character she played on screen .
most marilyn monroe fans are creepy too , for the same reason .
) the second is that `` when you 're in love `` is the only film ever directed by screenwriter robert riskin .
riskin was the principal scripter on most of frank capra 's best films : most of the distinctive touches that define capra 's movies are actually riskin 's creations .
when riskin resented that capra got all the credit for their collaborations , capra suggested that riskin should try to direct a film himself .
this movie was it ... and a very bad directorial debut .
in his autobiography , capra was openly gleeful about the flop of riskin 's one directorial effort .
`` when you 're in love `` stars opera singer grace moore , which is part of the problem .
opera singers tend to be failures as movie stars .
the success of jeanette macdonald was due much more to her sex appeal rather than to her singing voice .
ironically , one of the few opera singers to succeed in movies was geraldine farrar : a box-office hit in * silent * films .
grace moore lacked jeanette macdonald 's sex appeal and acting skills .
hedging their bets , the producers of `` when you 're in love ' have larded this film 's score with music that 's highbrow , lowbrow , middlebrow and everywhere else on the brow spectrum : some genuine opera , some operetta , some jerome kern .
the most ludicrous moment occurs when moore dresses up as cab calloway and sings ` minnie the moocher ' with bowdlerised lyrics .
it 's not pretty , folks .
the plot , you ask ?
nobody sees a movie like this for its plot .
well , if you insist .
grace moore plays a successful opera singer , who - as an implausible publicity stunt - gets married in name only .
her husband is a charming ne'er - do-well , played by cary grant .
guess what happens in the last reel .
go ahead , have a guess .
it really irritates me to see movies about a woman who falls in love with a completely irresponsible jerk because he 's handsome and charming .
this happens in real life too , but i do n't need to see it in the movies .
`` when you 're in love `` is froth , utterly without substance .
that 's no crime , but the bubbles in this champagne have gone very flat indeed .
i found this film tedious .
many of the musical numbers were extremely dull , and all of them were badly staged .
some character actors whom i 've liked elsewhere ( henry stephenson , luis alberni ) give listless performances here .
robert riskin was a brilliant screenwriter but this is one of his poorest efforts .
based on this one film , he shows absolutely no talent for directing , although perhaps he might have acquired the proper skills if he 'd continued .
( one of the greatest scriptwriters of all time , george s kaufman , also directed only one film ... but kaufman was a brilliant stage director .
) i 'll rate ` when you 're in love ' precisely 2 points out of 10 .

-1
forced , cloying , formulaic .
do these adjectives make you want to run to rent his ?
miriam hopkins was brilliant in the original `` dr. jekyl and mr. hyde . ``
a few other early movies of hers , notably `` the story of temple drake , `` are never shown but said to be excellent .
here , she is cutesy , bossy , and thoroughly unappealing .
ray milland as a village bohemian not at all convincing .
the two child performers are creepy and also bear no relation to the village as it was then .
speaking as a native of greenwich village , i find the setting ersatz , generic , and phony .
not that i was around for a couple generations but my relatives were there in 1937 .
it is n't funny .
it is n't remotely authentic .
we do n't care about the characters .
so many movies were made about the struggling masses vs the capitalists at this time , and done with elan .
`` easy living `` comes to mind .
it did n't take place in the village .
but it rings very true .
this rings with a thudding knell .

-1
even trying mightily to not apply modern sensibilities to this movie , it comes off as mighty schmaltzy and utterly predictable .
oh , and did i mention unbelievable ?
father flanagan manages 500 boys with hardly any other adults in sight !
he also excuses all manner of disorderly conduct without so much mentioning `` now you are going to repay the shopkeeper for the $ 80 pane of glass you broke `` .
there may be `` no bad boys `` , but there are no free windows !
in a better movie , all of these objections ( some of which are standard hollywoodism 's from this era ) can be forgiven .
this one is just not good enough to rise above them .

-1
this is one of the famous `` censored 11 `` -- looney toons cartoons that were pulled from circulation in the late 1960s because they were considered racially offensive .
i have seen the 11 films and found this one among the least offensive of the cartoons , though what is and is n't offensive is awfully subjective -- one person might see it and have a fit and another may not .
some of the 11 are offensive to anyone who is n't a total jerk -- this one , however , is debatable .
what may offend some is the depiction of cannibals ( though how do you depict them well ? !
) .
they all look very stereotypical -- with big lips and some with bracelets on their necks ( though as one astute reviewer pointed out , this is from burma -- no where near cannibal country ) .
one of them also looks a bit like steppin fetchit but with huge lips .
considering that these were among the only images of black americans on tv for many years , i could see someone being offended by this .
today , with a more diverse lineup on television , this cartoon might even pass unnoticed if shown , but who can tell ?
my problem with the film is n't so much because of the racist qualities but because of the overall lack of quality in the cartoon .
the bottom line is that it just is n't funny and i doubt if anyone will miss this or the vast majority of cartoons from the 1930s -- an era when the toons just were n't that good compared to the 40s and 50s .
sure , there are many exceptions , but in general the cartoons were big on being cute but seldom had laughs or interesting characters .
friz shorts of the 1930s just do n't hold a candle to his edgier and funnier films such as bugs bunny , daffy duck and roadrunner cartoons of the studio 's golden age .
and this is one freleng short you probably wo n't mind skipping .
my advice is that this and all the censored 11 cartoons should not be shown on broadcast television unless they are shown with some sort of prologue that could explain the context and reasons they offend .
having them continue to be available on the internet ( when you can find them ) is n't a bad thing , however , as i am loathe to ban any sort of speech and it is an unfortunate but important part of our history .
and if we eliminate everything that might offend from our history , then we are left with , ... well , ... nothing !

-1
if anyone is labouring under the misapprehension that mickey rooney can act , they will have their belief crushed in this dreadful work .
in fact , the only decent acting ( amongst the major actors ) comes from lewis stone , but he looks so out of place with the rest of the cast , that at first you think he 's the bad one .
stone 's delivery is actually very well timed and delivered with aplomb , but this does n't match the rest of the cast , and it is initially easier to put the blame on him , rather than the real perpetrators of the poor delivery .
oh yes , i should add that judy garland has considerable talents , but none of them are properly exploited in this filmic dross .
1939 was destined to be her best year ( wizard of oz ) .
the script is dire , and worthy only of an essay written by an average 10 year-old .
in fact , it is often worse , and quite confused .
for instance , the scene where rooney is asking stone for money to buy a car is probably the worst bit of writing i have ever seen on screen .
actually , ` attack of the killer tomatoes ! '
positively shines , and becomes worthy of an oscar in comparison .
on a more personal level , i did enjoy the inclusion of the ` ham radio ' scenes , as it was in its infancy in 1938 .
i found it interesting to see that all the procedures and conventions had already evolved into much the same form that is still used today .
however , i should also add that this does not mean that the actors were up to the task of being convincing during the said scenes .
far from it , in fact .
to be fair , the technical values of this film are good , for the time .
there are some nice camera angles and the use of light and dark was almost up to ` the third man ' standard .
unfortunately , the script and acting let it down .
i have not seen any of the other andy hardy films , so i have no way of comparing them .
now i have seen this one , i am a bit loath to ` dip my toes ' in any of the others !
overall , i gave this film a 2/10 rating , but i wonder if that should really have been a 1 ?
it was a close run thing !

-1
new york fight manager humphrey bogart ( as ed hatch ) goes to the ozarks with his dim-witted wrestler nat pendleton ( as joe `` hercules `` ) .
joining mr. bogart down south are his squeaky-voiced girlfriend penny singleton ( as cookie shannon ) plus wrestling trainers frank mchugh ( as popeye ) and allen jenkins ( as shiner ) .
bogart meets tough lady blacksmith louise fazenda ( as sadie horn ) and decides to promote a battle of the sexes for the local hillbillies , pitting ms. fazenda against mr. pendleton .
when the proposed opponents fall in love , bogart has trouble starting a fight ... fazenda and pendleton grow on you , while top-billed bogart oddly becomes an unwelcome presence in his own film ; this does n't happen very often .
a few of the soundtrack singers are downright annoying .
looking happy to be acting with the cast , young ronald reagan ( as jack miller ) plays a small role .
the wrestling match closing puts it over the top as an all-time worst .
** swing your lady ( ) ray enright ~ humphrey bogart , louise fazenda , nat pendleton , penny singleton

-1
when some of these old films bob up on late night tv , there is often a great sense of nostalgia as you get to see stars in their very early days , mostly serving their in b movies - well i am here to tell you this one was not a b , more likely an x or a z .
it is hard to understand how warners would be throwing someone like bogart into this rubbish when they have already seen him perform in movies as outstanding as `` the petrified forest `` .
he was certainly made to do lots of poor stuff playing second fiddle to james cagney and edward g. robinson in his early days , but this must have really hurt ( even more than `` the return of ) .
it is hard to find anything redeeming in this , but i gave it a 2 just for penny singleton , who was not quite as bad as the rest of the cast .

-1
this is humphrey bogart 's one movie that he tried to forget but could n't .
it was such a notoriously bad film , in fact , that it was featured in the book `` the fifty worst films of all time `` by by harry medved .
while adore the book , i am not sure if the film really is bad enough to merit inclusion -- though it is a very bad film .
however , i cut the film a bit of slack because bogart was not yet a star and the studio did n't quite know what to do with him -- other than feature him as a heavy in gangster flicks .
because of this , bogart had no power -- no ability to say no to any project .
he was a contract player and simply had to take what they gave him .
so , i do n't put this film in the same category as `` the conqueror `` ( john wayne ) , `` parnell `` ( clark gable ) or `` once upon a time `` ( cary grant ) -- all terrible films featuring actors at the top of their careers and who should have and could have said no !
the film is set in the ozarks and is full of lots of very broad country humor and music .
a wrestling promoter ( bogart ) is taking his client ( nat pendleton ) on a cross-country tour to show off his talents .
but , when a countrified amazon is able to stand up successfully to pendleton , this makes bogart 's sensation seem a lot less sensational .
and , incidentally , pendleton is smitten with this lady and wants her for his own .
the bottom line is that this is an embarrassing film .
the writing is very bad , the dialog is very bad and the music is no treat either .
the film is only for the very curious or those who could use a good laugh .

-1
this movie was supposed to be the first of a series of movies with joan blondell and melvyn douglas playing the same man and wife parts , but blondell opted out and another actress took her place .
it is n't any mystery to me why she opted out .
i found the husband part played by douglas to be rude , i could actually say in parts he behaved like a pig .
i do n't know .
perhaps men treated their wives in a different manner way back then that was condoned by the general public , but i was shocked .
i mean , i know they probably wanted a different tack then the nick & nora approach ( william powell & myrna loy ) , but this just did n't work for me .
i 've always really , really enjoyed all of the roles melvyn douglas played .
he 's always seemed to play a `` frisky `` sort of fellow , but always a gentleman .
in mr. blanding dream house you actually wished he was your friend , too .
but i had a different feeling towards him after watching this movie .
it 's any wonder blondell did n't want to resurrect the role again .

-1
`` a young woman inherits a jamaican plantation and moves from harlem to jamaica in order to take control of the operation .
her half-sister , who was running the plantation , has disappeared thus leaving the woman to manage things on her own .
unbeknownst to the woman , her half-sister plots to use the local legends and superstitions to her advantage , in order to scare the woman off and take control of the plantation , `` according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
a segregated production , with performers like nina mae mckinney ( as isabelle ) capable of so much more ... ** the devil 's daughter ( ) arthur leonard ~ ida james , nina mae mckinney , emmett wallace

-1
needing to get money the kids round up dogs , and a penguin , for rewards and end up in trouble with the law as a result .
utterly nonsensical our gang comedies has the feel that it was made up on the spot .
mostly it seems to be everyone running around from place to place for no really good reason .
i was watching this and groaning the entire time .
it was horrible .
i 've been going through the recent release of the mgm our gangs on dvd and while i 've only gone through half the set , i have to rank this one as one of the worst .
i ca n't recommend that you waste the ten minutes this since you may need the time at some other point in your life .

-1
it 's rare that i see an old cartoon that i hate , but the fleischer brothers ( paramount studios ) managed to bring out the old crank in me with this awful short !
and , the only reason it gets a score of 2 is because the basic concept is creative and the animation is n't bad -- it 's the execution that left me wanting to throw something at the tv !
the cartoon involves a ton of talking vegetables who have faces , arms and legs , etc . .
and , about 500,000 times through this short cartoon they resort to the stupidest and most grating puns i have ever heard -- often with two , three or four all strung together .
i honestly think this cartoon could have been our secret weapon against hitler in wwii if we had thought about it -- it 's that bad .
yuck ! !

-1
i had gotten the impression from a fellow marx brothers fan that the ritz brothers also were funny , that `` if like like the marx brothers , you 'll like these guys , too . ``
are you kidding ?
the ritz brothers are n't even close to the mb in humor and entertainment .
these guys were not funny ; just stupid .
i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just plain dumb .
maybe the ritz 's are an acquired taste .
with a story that involves detectives battling sinister characters , an ape who had escaped from a carnival , secret passageways and hidden in a house environment , etc . , this should have been a really funny and entertaining movie ... but these guys just are n't funny .
they botched it up .
the marx brothers , or the the three stooges , would have made this story hilarious .

-1
this is a real stinker .
and i say that as a fan of the ritz brothers .
it 's the third filmed version of a play that must have already been stale back in the twenties .
( the first is a silent , of interest only to the charles gillingwater fan club .
the second is a very early talkie starring the vaudeville comic joe frisco .
i have n't seen either of them , but they 're in the imdb .
) before you descend to the low level of this disaster , i 'd recommend `` the three musketeers `` or `` straight , place and show , `` which is in the rotation at tcm ( in fact i 'm watching it right now , having just suffered through `` the gorilla `` ) , and which features a wonderful acting and singing performance from ethel merman .
meanwhile , spare yourself this turkey , unless you enjoy wooden acting , incoherent narrative , and unfunny jokes , or you just the ritz brothers .
it barely earns a `` 2 `` from me , and only because of the fact that any movie with a guy in a gorilla suit gets extra points .

-1
there is a pecking order about comedians and comedy teams .
it goes like this for most of us ( you can alter the figures on top ) : best comics and comic teams : charlie chaplin , buster keaton , harold lloyd , harry langdon , stan laurel & oliver hardy , w.c. fields , the marx brothers , burns and allan , the three stooges , danny kaye , ernst lubitsch , preston sturgis , ernie , woody allen , mel brooks , abbott and costello , martin and lewis .
worst ones : the ritz brothers , wheeler and woolsey there is no way that taste can be universal .
some people ca n't stand martin and lewis , and like wheeler and woolsey .
yet i think that most people would agree to the split of comedy teams and comics as i 've drawn them up .
i have tried , repeatedly , to enjoy the ritz brothers .
however i have yet to find what is there to enjoy about them .
brooks and kaye both thought harry ritz was one of the funniest men in the world .
to me he mugs too much ( a tendency his brothers shared ) .
in one film clip of them that i saw there was an actual moment of fun - one of them is doing an energetic dance step while the other two are waiting for him to conclude ( it is a nightclub act ) .
when he finishes , he slaps his hand downward towards them as though a signal for them to follow up with their energetic dance steps .
they smile , look at each other , and slap arms toward him , as though inviting him to repeat the whole mad dance number he has just completed .
the gorilla was a broadway `` murder mystery `` from the 1920s that had been made into a film once or twice before .
it 's traditions are from edgar allan poe 's `` the mystery of the rue morgue `` , where a pair of murders turn out to be committed by an escaped orangutan .
here there is a variation as the criminal is human but calls himself `` the gorilla `` and a real `` gorilla `` shows up to confuse the investigation .
the ritz brothers , three inept detectives , are hired by a wealthy man ( lionel atwill ) who has been threatened by the `` gorilla `` .
they , naturally , fumble their assignment , but atwill 's niece 's boyfriend does solve it in time .
it is dreary - there is no better term for it .
when the villain does show up one quickly realizes who is the killer .
there is no excitement in the solution to this mystery .
the best line in the film goes to patsy kelly , as a maid in the household , who is being attacked by the real gorilla , an animal named poe .
when told by his keeper that poe dislikes women , a frightened kelly says , `` so does kipling . ``
that one bit was the only piece of humor that was worth recalling .
for that bit ( with patsy kelly ) i 'll give it a 2 .

-1
when i watched this the other night on tcm , i sat through to the end as one watches some terrible disaster .
i knew this was a poor movie , but i could n't put my finger on why .
yes , some of it is badly overacted , but there was more to it than that .
so i read the play today , and now i think i understand why this movie makes no sense .
the major problem is irene .
in the play , she really is russian .
her hair is probably fake , or at least dyed , since harry knew her as a red-head in omaha , but she is really russian : her father was sent to siberia .
in the movie , norma shearer 's obnoxiously bad russian accent always seems like an intentional parody .
several of the reviews on here suggest that she was imitating garbo .
it is so bad that it is more as if she were imitating groucho marx imitating garbo in grand hotel .
you know from the moment she starts with the bad accent and the overdone theatrical gestures that she is a fake .
but no one in the movie questions her statement that she 's russian .
her stories about her childhood of nobility yes , but not that she is russian .
so the first thing that is very wrong about this movie is that obnoxious and very fake russian accent .
in the end , of course , when she casts off her accent ( which never happens in the play ) , you 're not surprised .
but you should be surprised that anyone would fall for it in the story .
why did shearer play irene as a fake russian ?
why was that part of the story changed ?
i have no answer , but it makes the movie seem silly at times when the play is quite serious .
in the same sense , why is her platinum blond hair so clearly fake ?
note : clarence brown , the director , who made many fine movies , directed garbo in anna karenina , among other things .
he certainly knew the difference between someone playing a russian convincingly and someone making a travesty of it .
still , even if shearer 's portrayal of irene were n't so bizarre .
the part still is bizarre in the original .
some of the very theatrical lines in the movie about enjoying a bombing raid because it would involve bombs sending up glittering white snow come right out of the play .
if they were meant to be ironic - a contrast between the purity of the snow and the horrors of war - the writing in either is n't good enough to bring that off .
there are lots of other problems with this movie , though .
in the play , the audience is with harry van with regard to irene 's identity : we do n't know if she is the woman he met in omaha until she admits it near the end .
in the movie , because sherwood created a `` prologue `` to his play in which we see harry and irene in omaha , we know that the woman who shows up at the hotel is irene from the moment we see that it 's norma shearer again .
there 's no uncertainly for us , which makes harry 's uncertainty seem stupid after awhile .
the play , produced in 1936 , posits that ww ii will begin when italy bombs paris and france retaliates , causing germany and england to enter in support of their allies .
this movie was probably filmed in 1938 - it opened in january 1939 - so no one knew who would start the next world war .
to hedge their bets , no countries are named in the picture , which makes things somewhat confusing at times .
i could go on at length , but why bother with a bomb ?
the play is overwritten and often weak - lunt and fontaine must have done miracles with it to turn it into the success it was on broadway - but the movie just compounds that , keeping the play 's weak points and adding new ones .
gable is good as the wise-cracking song and dance man , edward arnold good as the arms manufacturer - a part that he would play to more chilling effect two years later in meet john doe .
shearer is , as i 've said , obnoxious .
she had made 40 silent pictures , in which she was a great success .
it 's possible that she never really adjusted to talking pictures and did n't know how to act in them without overacting .
even in the women she is too `` theatrical , `` and is very much upstaged by the far more natural acting of most of the other women in that picture .
a poor play made even poorer by a poor film adaptation .

-1
ineffectual , , self-pitying , lousy provider jimmy stewart is having a bad marriage to carole lombard .
after falling on hard times , he endures a demeaning job , a , passive-aggressive , over-bearing live-in mother who is in dire need of an epic smackdown , and an baby .
the movie on failure and squalor to no discernible end .
do you want to watch a couple bicker with his mom for ninety minutes ?
many scenes feature a shrieking baby .
the movie fails to elucidate why we would want to endure the mother from hell , or why jimmy stewart ca n't grow a pair .
who wanted to see this ?
who wanted to see stewart and lombard without laughs or charm ?
it 's absolutely depressing and unendurable .

-1
your enjoyment of `` made for each other `` is entirely dependent on your appreciation for jimmy stewart .
if you 're a big fan of his , you should find this movie mildly entertaining .
if , however , you find jimmy stewart vastly overrated as an actor , like i do , then you 're in for a painful slog .
all of stewart 's quirks , gimmicks , affectations , and stammers are fully on view here .
in this movie , he plays a wimpy lawyer who lets everyone and everything in his life overwhelm him .
that would be fine if the movie gave us any kind of story to attach to the character he plays .
it does n't .
there 's a co-worker at the law firm where stewart works who seems to be the film 's villain early on .
they 're competing for a firm partnership , so it seems like we might get some heated office politics .
we do n't .
stewart had been dating the boss ' daughter before meeting his wife , so it seems like we might get some interesting romantic rivalry sparks in the movie .
we do n't .
stewart 's boss ( charles coburn ) pushes stewart around , possibly because stewart ditched his daughter , so we might get some `` boss vs. employee `` friction .
we do n't .
stewart 's new wife and his mom rub each other the wrong way , so we might get some interesting family in-fighting .
we do n't .
in fact , not much really happens in this movie at all .
after about an hour of listlessness , stewart and lombard decide to get a divorce .
at this point , i thought , `` well , maybe their baby will get sick and die and that 'll end this dreary movie . ``
shazam !
the next scene , that very thing started to happen !
all of a sudden stewart is sobbing on the phone , demanding help from his boss , praying for help , all in the most melodramatic way possible .
some random pilot decides to fly from salt lake city to new york during a raging blizzard ( in an open air bi-plane ! ! !
) in order to save the day .
why could n't the movie be about that guy ?
stewart 's character is such a mama 's boy that its hard to root for him at all .
i could never see what lombard 's character saw in him in the first place .
charles coburn 's character started off as really irritating , with the old `` hard-of-hearing `` schtick that seems to be prevalent in so many old movies .
he really takes control of the situation ( and the movie ) by becoming a man of action once the baby gets sick .
his role became the most interesting part of the movie at that point .
if you want to see jimmy stewart at his best ( in 1939 ) , stick with `` mr. smith goes to washington `` .

-1
very fluffy and silly kids film .
as so often happens in this type of film the kid angle is overdone .
example : two obnoxious brats , one boy and one girl , totally unnecessary , are shown throughout .
it 's hard to escape them .
then there is an unbearable musical number performed by these two brats , aided by the other two juvenile characters .
it must have been needed so that this movie would not finish in less than one hour .
since this is a nancy drew mystery , she naturally solves the crime by being her usual persistent , annoying self .

-1
after roger moore , this was my very first saint film with george sanders .
over the years , he 's become one of my favorite actors , and there 's quite a few other decent actors in this film .
however , this gets my vote for the worst saint film ever made -- and let me tell you why .
i sat thru this thing at least 3 times and could not make heads or tails of the plot at all .
and then , not long after seeing louis hayward in the saint in new york , i started reading leslie ' books .
imagine my surprise and shock when i got to `` angels of doom `` , on which this is very loosely based , and not only was it was straight-forward , easy to understand , exciting , entertaining and in places downright hilarious , it also became my favorite novel of all time .
it also `` explained `` to me exactly what was wrong with this movie ! ! !
they took a story that by rights should have been done as a 3-hour film ( 2 at the absolute minimum ) and crammed it into just about 60 minutes .
is it any wonder it makes almost no sense at all ?
never mind that they also decided to set it in the wrong country ( san francisco instead of london ) , they gutted the plot so much that in order to get even the basics across , about 95 % of the film is just people standing around talk talk talking .
so the plot structure is awful , the directing is appallingly bad , and half the acting in the film is stiff and lifeless , even from normally very talented actors .
and then of course there 's george sanders , who 's completely miscast as simon templar .
i never even really understood the whole aura of `` the saint `` until i saw louis hayward in action ; to date , nobody else has ever brought the character to accurate life before ( not even roger moore ! !
-- who usually plays it too serious , which is mind-boggling when you consider he never took james bond seriously ) .
the dialog templar spouts in much of this film would be impossible for any actor to deliver credibly , except for louis hayward , and i doubt even he could have made the story in this one fly .
maybe it was n't just rko 's low low budget that caused him to depart after only one picture -- maybe he read the script , too .
in all fairness , and despite himself , the next 4 saint films all had the dialog tailored specifically to fit sanders ' personality .
how else could he have done such an incredible job in the saint in london , or the saint takes over ( the latter of which , an `` original `` story , is actually a thinly-disguised -- and -- remake of this mess !
-- and with the same 3 actors in the leads !
) .
half the actors in this i 've seen in other `` b `` movies from this period , and most of them do far better jobs elsewhere .
truthfully , the only one who comes off unscathed is jonathan hale , and you ca n't help but feel sorry for his inspector fernack , for the dizzying way templar leads him on a confused merry chase , on his way to becoming a `` hero `` at the end .
as if everything else was n't so bad , at the end of the film , the `` big reveal `` as to the true identity of the main villain also is told entirely thru confused dialog , and we find that the baddie got killed -- off-screen !
i just watched this again today , and the whole time , i wanted to throttle the person who wrote the screenplay !
it 's no wonder after 6 rko films , series creator leslie charteris pulled the plug and took back the rights .
ironically , rko distributed the 2 british-made films that followed , and simultaneously did the falcon series , initially also with sanders , which was based on a novel that was the subject of a plagiarism lawsuit brought against it by leslie charteris !
i guess that did n't bother rko any ... finally , allow me to recommend much better simon templar films ... the saint in new york the saint in london the saint takes over the saint 's vacation

-1
why oh why oh why does this film keep getting good reviews ?
ignore everything you 've heard from your friends , its not ` timeless ' its not ` classic ' , its not ' a gem ' , its not ` perfect film making ' its not even average .
its sick in a bin , sick that no one has put any effort into hurling , sick that is now worshipped by legions of morons .
a plot that your racist two year old thought up in a dream , a cast that would make vin diesel vomit in fear , a soundtrack that has you slicing your ears off and salting the wounds , direction reminiscent of eastenders and a dog that , lets face it just needs putting down .
there is a common misconception that all pre 1950 films are in the least watchable ; this just is n't the case .
it 's fans , blinded by the fact that this was the first colour film , the fact that judy garland is ` acting ' and the fact that it has the happiest of happy endings stoically worship , with unrelenting and unquestioning faith , not even stopping for a second to think that maybe their favourite film is worse than being kicked in the face .
so watch the wizard of oz , but please keep your mind open .
remember the conventions of a ` good ' film and observe how they apply to this one .
they do n't .
we ask do n't listen to the hype , the myth or the legend , form your own opinion on this piece of dog mess .
the film 's only saving grace was the stroke of genius that led them to casting real midgets as the munchkins which subsequently led to the hilarious tragedy of one the diminutive stars hanging themselves .
go for the midgets leave for the tripe .

-1
red creek doctor boris karloff ( as bernard adrian ) goes ape ( as ray corrigan ) for pretty paraplegic maris wrixon ( as frances clifford ) .
`` doctor adrian is a researcher looking for a cure to polio that would benefit his young friend frances clifford , who suffers from the disease .
his research centers upon the use of spinal fluid in a serum that could return mobility to sufferers of polio .
the escape of a circus ape and the injury of its trainer provide an opportunity to test the procedure on frances and it provides positive , but limited , results , `` according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
shockingly ill-conceived .
** the ape ( 1940 ) william nigh ~ boris karloff , maris wrixon , gene o'donnell

-1
, atrocious , a terrible waste of a most talented actor 's skills .
this little gem runs under 60 minutes , but seems to last as long as james cameron 's `` titanic `` .
typically formulaic , but unsatisfying ( i like most of karloff 's mad scientist films ) .
the only good part ** spoiler here ** is when the ape takes out the scumbag who 's cheating on his poor , mistreated okie wife .
i would n't have minded breaking his worthless neck myself .
karloff gives his all in this poorly-scripted , and spontaneous abortion , and you just got ta admire him for it .
what a work ethic .
from what i understand , karloff 's contract with universal ran out in 1939 -- poor universal .
the golden years were ended , and we are all worse off for it .
i only wish val lewton had worked for universal .
cinematic history would have been a great deal different .

-1
this dull time-waster is a delirious drag from start to finish .
the twisted plot involves dr. bernard adrian ( boris karloff ) , who is conducting crazy experiments involving spinal fluid .
meanwhile , a vicious circus ape breaks free and starts murdering townsfolk .
the animal soon enters adrian 's lab , but the elderly scientist kills the monkey and then comes up with the devilish plan of wearing it 's skin and killing more people so that he can get the desired amount of spinal fluid for his experiments .
while the cheesy ape effects have some cheap charm , this typical example of forties b-grade horror is nothing but a bore and should therefore only be viewed by the most die-hard karloff fans .

-1
`` in his latest case , mr. wong is investigating the murder of a police office ( sic ) at the request of his friend captain street .
the murder investigation leads mr. wong to a smuggling ring operating on the san francisco waterfront .
after three additional murders take place , mr. wong is able to track down the killer and expose the smugglers , `` according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
this episode 's most interesting plot development is mr. wong ( boris karloff ) 's discovery of the killer 's use of a `` remote control `` radio device .
the plot is n't very interesting , but the relatively large `` remote control `` is ; perhaps it was developed for movie plots only , however .
capt . street ( grant withers ) shouts his lines excessively , which gets other actors involved .
blonde reporter marjorie reynolds adds her feminine charms .
still , the monogram series is lifeless and obnoxious .
** the fatal hour ( 1940 ) william nigh ~ boris karloff , marjorie reynolds , grant withers

-1
humdrum potboiler in which all the cast go through the motions , though it has to be said marjorie reynolds as the feisty girl reporter is better than most .
grant withers as the detective alternates between doing nothing and shouting ; neither of which is he really very good at .
there were a few of these `` oriental detective `` series at this time and karloff at least avoids the trap of playing wong as the cartoon `` , `` type which makes peter lorre 's mr moto and sidney toler 's charlie chan look so dated these days .
apart from allowing his hair to be dyed black and effecting a vaguely inscrutable squint karloff plays it straight for the limited amount of time he is on screen and is all the better for it .
the movie feels longer than its 68 minutes and is restricted to a few interiors .
many scenes are done in one wide take - fast to do if the cast know their lines - but boring to watch .
the dã©nouement relies on a columbo like use of ( then ) up to date technology .
i doubt anyone ever lost their remote down the back of the sofa in the 40s if that was the normal size of them back then .

-1
this is my 2nd viewing of foreign correspondent .
i 'm watching it 2 days after seeing citizen kane again , and 2 weeks after watching band of brothers .
the comparisons are not favorable .
either of those are illustrative of what 's wrong with this .
i returned to out of the fondness i felt for it the first time i watched , but after viewing it again , that good will is played out .
this is half-hearted , boilerplate hitchcock .
it 's really disappointing to watch him go through the motions with his motifs and these plots , while simultaneously refusing to forego entertainment in favor of ideas , or at least find a happy medium .
i resent him squandering his technique on material that 's not even worth his interest .
one of the joys of watching kane is that welles rarely lets his ideas become subservient to sentiment of the period .
the opposite is true here .
the script quickly exhausts coincidence and a recurring idea that dickens favored : johnny just happens to pass his contact on the street so the story can have him share a cab ride .
the random car johnny jumps into in amsterdam just happens to contain his love interest .
a random room johnny breaks into just happens to be that of his love interest .
the villain just happens to be the gal 's dad .
hitchcock has a higher tolerance for these silly narrative cop-outs than i do .
foreign correspondent makes me extremely appreciative of citizen kane and film-makers who take the art-form seriously .
joel macrae plays an excruciating meathead that we 're all supposed to get behind because he 's snarky and light-hearted .
and the plot likewise works overtime to provide him with occasions to be so .
it 's all very cloying .
i wanted to strangle him .
he 's an absolute dunce .
while many viewers resent the tacked on ending in which johnny finally gets serious and commits to a cause , i find it to be the only legitimate minute or two in the movie .
the rest treats ww2 as a meaningless event to be manipulated to suit the emotional needs of the protagonists .
the vehicle ` above suspicion ' is similarly facile in its treatment of the war .
foreign correspondent is a feeble reason to string together setpieces that never engage your mind .
in place of any real ideas we have an old codger ( van meer ) delivering pure-hearted sentimental drivel , to excuse the dumbest members of the audience for not being mentally alive .
hitch will take this asinine picaresque mode ( featuring an endless string of meaningless developments ) to its absurd , foregone conclusion in north by northwest .
these narative objectives are corny and low .

-1
what a letdown .
as a fan , i thought i was watching the wrong movie .
it 's awful .
mccrea and day do n't work particularly well together .
there 's no real chemistry or spark .
mccrea was best when the horse did most of the talking .
day did tv ~ and that suited her .
other than a small gem of a performance by george sanders , the rest is just nothing .
but the plot , whew .
what is going on ?
van meer is kidnapped but his double is assassinated .
he 's hidden away and being tortured by a spotlight .
when he talks you only hear mumbling ( yes , i know the did n't speak english at the time - so what ?
) .
it 's got all of the hitchcock trademarks : characters killed or almost killed by rotating gears ; falling and fear of falling ; mistaken identities ; brusque newspapermen .
but it 's painfully , dreadfully , mind-numbingly dull .
i wondered if the government got involved and hitchcock somehow tried to do a propaganda job with it .
his movies before and after are tight and clean .
this one is a mystery .

-1
certainly everyone 's familiar with the plot of zorro , so no need to go into that here .
while not a tyrone power fan , i do love basil rathbone ( one of the most versatile and underrated actors ever , in my opinion ) , and i thought i 'd give the swashbuckler a try .
throughout the picture i kept having this sense of deja vu .
i finally realized it was that so many scenes were almost direct replica 's of the havilland masterpiece `` adventures of robin hood . ``
alas , `` the mark of zorro `` lacks robin hood 's ideals , dialogue , pacing , depth of acting ability , terrific score , and just about everything else .
tyrone power has never struck me as a believable actor in any of his roles .
he always seems to be on the surface of the lines rather than being immersed in a character or urged from within .
his comic flares work fine in this movie but we never really get a sense of the outrage or the intensity that would fuel an outlaw .
flynn , on the other hand , has numerous scenes written specifically to show both his compassion for the underclass and his contempt for corrupt rulers .
the two pictures have eerie similarities , down to the day-for-night shooting of chases on horseback .
and friar tuck -- or is it somebody ?
-- confuses the issue more .
linda darnell is niece of the , mirroring de havilland 's being the ward of richard i. of course , de havilland wipes the floor with darnell , partly because she 's given fantastic scenes with wide scope for character development and partly because she 's by far the better actress .
the two memorable aspects of this picture for me are the duel between power & rathbone and -- oddly enough -- the performance of the zorro stunt double riding his black horse through the town .
the swordplay is everything everyone says it is -- a wonderful example of the art .
power was a trained fencer and it shows !
( he clearly was n't a trained dancer , which also shows .
) the intensity and speed of the swordplay is beautiful to watch .
as for the , i found myself mesmerized by the ease with which ( presumably ) he handled the horse , making quick , light turns and looking for all the world like a centaur .
wonderful horsemanship ( i suppose the horse should get some kudos , too !
) .
some of the best i 've seen on film .
i really wanted this picture to be better than it was .
it had lovely costumes and some nice photography but is no match for the stirring epic that it so clearly seems to be imitating .

-1
as a rule , i enjoy the detective films made back in the 30s and 40s .
but this film is punishing .
the character played by joyce compton is especially annoying .
how walter pigeon could be interested in her is beyond me .
the only plus was the chance to spot all the bit players who populated the film .
if this was considered the best of the series , i have no desire to see the others .
i 'm sure tom conway was delighted that his role was so short , and edward ashley could n't muster any real enthusiasm for his part either .
my 2 was generous !

-1
funny , back in the 30s , 40s and into the 50s the b picture was still a feature that was many times better that the a feature .
not the case here , except for walter pidgeon the rest of the actors ca n't pull off a lousy script .
typical `` 5th column `` stuff from just before the war , i think it was to get the us ready for war with germany .
i understand this purpose but could n't the studio generated a more realist script ?
as this was the last nick cannon film , i guess they decided to skip a script and get something out .
i am watching the film as i type this , fortunately the credits are rolling now and i can turn off this turkey .
as my summary says , mr. review was right on .

-1
boris ingster 's film `` stranger on the third floor `` contains many characteristics of a noir ; heavy shadows , low camera angles , and diagonal lines .
although `` stranger on the third floor `` is seen as historical due to the fact that it was one of first film noirs , i did n't like it at all .
i am not a fan of scary movies , but i do understand why we watched it for class .
the movie is dark and forbidding .
boris ingster did a great job at using shadows to dramatize the scenes .
his shots of the staircase made them seem endless which also created haunting effects as peter lorre runs down to escape john mcguire for example .
although peter lorre creep-ed me out throughout the whole movie , i do think he did a good job at using his eyes to look scary .
one thing that i noticed was that the actors were n't well recognized besides peter lorre .
i think ingster did a great job at casting the actors this way because it made the film more believable and realistic.the dream scene is a perfect example of german expressionism .
this movie was one of my least favorite films and i did n't see anything particularly special about it , but i do understand why this film is historically popular .
along with peter lorre , i did think that jane ( margaret tallichet ) did a great job at playing a innocent , feminine lady .
she kind of reminded me of lillian gish in `` true heart susie . ``
boris ingster did do a great job at using shadows and angles to his advantage , but other than that i do n't see any real significance to the film .
peter lorre does deserve some credit for making the film more interesting .
i think his use facial expression and body movements did make him seem more haunting .

-1
the reason joan crawford is so dreadful in this film is that she is desperately trying to imitate the actress who originated the role on stage : gertrude lawrence .
lawrence 's charm and individuality must have gone a long way toward making this play a hit on broadway .
perhaps it 's even a good play , but crawford 's unfortunate overplaying is so distracting that it 's hard to judge .
one can get a good idea of how lawrence delivered lines by listening to a scene from the 1930 comedy private lives which she recorded with noel coward .
after hearing this recording , it 's very clear what crawford was trying - and failing - to do .

-1
curious , but completely shallow comedy-drama , adapted from rachel crothers ' play and directed by george no less .
joan crawford stars in the role of susan , a wealthy , silly socialite who gets religion .
susan tries turning her nitwit friends onto god , making her an outcast with the country club set .
subject matter , though odd and interesting for hollywood in 1940 , somehow manages to get all fouled up in this , with hopeless writing and characters .
promising supporting cast , including frederic march , rita hayworth , gloria dehaven and marjorie main , ca n't do much to pick up the slack .
* 1/2 from ****

-1
there is a reason that joan crawford retrospectives barely acknowledge this film .
when she finally shows up ( all the characters just stand around and discuss her -- like in every other crawford movie ) it 's clear she is miscast to within an inch of her life .
she tries hard ( this was a `` celebrated `` play , according to the opening credits ) , but she 's so arch , mannered , and inconsistent for a while i thought the character of susan was supposed to be a manic depressive lunatic .
she plays every scene in a different way -- usually in some variation of `` crystal allen `` from the women , and obviously george cukor thinks he 's still directing the women too .
reliable talents like ruth hussey and frederic march are also quite bad here , obviously uninspired by the clunky script and the vacuous lead performance .
just a painful experience .
who would imagine crawford would be so convincing in strange cargo the same year ?

-1
this is one of 10 films that are included in the two dvd set `` the buster keaton collection `` .
it 's a sad set of films keaton did later in his career with columbia pictures and the films bore more resemblance to three stooges films than keaton 's classic silents .
of the 10 , eight were directed by jules white -- a man who had absolutely no understanding or appreciation of keaton 's subtle humor .
as a lady said in the documentary included with the set ( `` buster keaton : from silents to shorts `` ) , white 's idea of funny was dropping anvils on people 's heads !
his totally unsubtle and dopey humor made all the films he directed with keaton a chore to watch at times -- especially with the silly stooge sound effects and timing .
in addition , this film also co-starred keaton with elsie ames -- a completely obnoxious and untalented lady in every film she did with keaton .
her overly exaggerated facial expressions , mannerisms and yelling made patsy kelly look subtle in her shorts for hal roach ! !
so already from the start , keaton had two major disadvantages in the film , so you certainly can not expect magic .
in this film , a thief places a stolen ring inside buster 's hat .
after that , he goes to the home where elsie ames is the maid and the film degenerates into a slapstick nightmare thanks to the loud and obnoxious and totally untalented ames .
she should have been ashamed for her performance -- one that the stooges themselves would have complained about because of its low humor ! !
this might just be the worst short of the series of ten .
do n't say i did n't warn you !

-1
the print i saw was of very poor quality , but that does n't appear to matter .
this is a filmed play , with totally uninteresting cinematography .
the idea of actors acting , with all the pranks and scheming is promising , but not here .
this is n't funny .
if there was supposed to be some satire , it is lost .
i suppose it is not uncommon , but this film , `` volpone `` , directed by maurice tourneur bares no resemblance to the films of his made three or so decades ago .
in the 1910s into the 1920s , tourneur was a pioneer the new art form in the states .
his films were interestingly photographed for the times .
`` the wishing ring : an idyll of old england `` ( 1914 ) referenced theatre , but in a rather cinematic way .
`` volpone `` is just one of the films he made in france , but it seems antagonistic to a filmmaker who was forging an identity for cinema more independent of theatre .

-1
one of the silliest movies of the 1940s , an unbearable haunted house comedy with music starring kay kyser .
, orchestra leader and ( and eternal college fraternity goof-off ) , was sort of the precursor to spike jones , hamming it up for his guests and backed up willingly by his merry troupe of musicians .
he 's hired to play a birthday party in a gloomy mansion , the kind where poison darts imported from africa are framed and hung on the wall .
the shindig is beset with a creepy judge , a scary professor , an ominous swami , lots of giggly females , and enough bad jokes to fill three bob hope pictures .
the songs ( by jimmy mchugh and johnny mercer ) are nothing to brag out , and neither is over-confident kyser , it up with material that turns 1940 back ten years .
* from ****

-1
in this 1941 comedy , we are presented with two intelligent , beautiful women who are seriously smitten with a man who can hardly open his mouth without lying .
the story ends with a major lie , and she accepts him .
either women in '41 were much more stupid or forgiving than today , or somehow people then thought that lying was cute and funny .
the movie is terrible , and any women who are attracted to this man should be sentenced to marrying a serial liar .
dennis morgan was a familiar figure in the ' 40 's , and was used to comedies .
but morgan 's role in this movie is a little out of character , in his being a serial philanderer and a chronic liar .
it 's not difficult to see his appeal on short notice , but any woman who got to know him should have been repulsed .

-1
considering that this film was apparently made for only $ 5000 , it 's an amazingly good film .
now it still is bad , but it is worth a look !
spencer williams is a man mostly forgotten today .
while he 's most famous , for those who want to remember this , for playing andy on the `` amos 'n andy `` tv show , he was an accomplished man .
he 'd played in many black productions before this and with `` the blood of jesus `` , he wrote , directed and played the male lead !
now ' i will admit the writing was n't great , but his direction ( considering the budget ) was excellent , as he and the cinematographer used some wonderful camera tricks to make the film look good for a production .
the film is the story about a christian woman who is accidentally shot by her husband .
while she appears to be dead ( and her friends are very quick to pronounce her that way ) , she actually is on a journey a lot like bunyan 's `` pilgrim 's progress `` .
the devil and his helper , judas , try to convince the woman to stray from the path to heaven through the evil and dreaded nightclub !
well , okay , i 'll admit this is pretty lame -- and so it most of the film .
but , i still liked it for the double-exposures , view of the pearly gates and its value as a historical artifact .
the history teacher in me liked this aspect , though i am sure most will find it all very ponderous and bad .
worth a look for a select audience , as black cinema from this era has been mostly forgotten .
the bottom line is that it would be very easy to pick out what 's bad about the film , though i challenge the viewer to put this in its historical context and recognize that for what it is , it has some value ... some .

-1
not even bob hope , escorted by a raft of fine character actors , can save this poorly written attempt at wartime comedy , as his patented timing has little which which to work .
the plot involves a hollywood film star named don bolton ( hope ) , and his attempt to evade military service at the beginning of world war ii , followed by his enlistment by mistake in a confused attempt to court a colonel 's daughter ( dorothy lamour ) .
bolton 's agent , played by lynne overman , and his assistant , portrayed by eddie bracken , enlist with him and the three are involved in various escapades regarding training exercises , filmed in the malibu , california , hills .
paramount budgeted handsomely for this effort , employing some of its top specialists , but direction by the usually reliable david butler was flaccid , and this must be attributed to a missing comedic element in the scenario .
a shift toward the end of the film to create an opportunity for heroism by bolton is still-born with poor stunt work and camera action in evidence .
oddly , lynne overman is given the best lines and this veteran master of the sneer does very well by them .
dorothy lamour looks lovely and acts nicely , as well , and it is ever a delight to see and hear clarence kolb , as her father , whose voice is unique on screen or radio , but there is little they can do to save this film , cursed as it is with an error in script assignment .

-1
where do i begin reviewing this comedy of errors .
a german u-boat sinking ships in the atlantic decides to sail thousands of miles to hudson 's bay for supplies ( germany would have been closer ) .
they sail to the far west side of hudson 's bay where no u-boat ever entered during wwii because they would find no shipping targets there .
the u-boat surfaces and raises the national flag instead of the german naval ensign .
they send ashore six men for `` supplies . ``
for some fathomless reason , not one but three hudson bombers are patrolling this area ?
they attack the u-boat whose captain fails to dive on their approach but instead chooses to fight them off by personally manning the lone machine gun .
a fitting ending to the most ill-advised journey of any submarine .
the nazi invaders occupy a dwelling ashore with rifles and fixed bayonets , what cramped submarines carry bayonets ?
they shoot poor laurence olivier to put a merciful end to his horrible performance .
the nazis then a sea plane which conveniently one of them knows how to fly ?
they run out of fuel and crash into a cold north canadian lake where all manage to swim ashore with no sign of hypothermia .
there in the middle of the most sparsely populated area of manitoba they find a commune of german speaking christians , whom they promptly alienate ?
they then decide to `` walk `` over a thousand miles to vancouver to board a japanese ship .
on the way they meet effete leslie howard in his canoe paddling to his teepee full of valuable paintings .
need i go on ?
this is the kind of film that gives propaganda a bad name .
no wonder many canadians found all the stereotypes laughable .
a shame so many good actors were wasted on this total fantasy .
the biggest joke is that the film actually won an oscar for best screenplay .
were standards that low in the 1940 's .

-1
i 've been a fan of laurel and hardy all my life , but there came a point in their movie career where their distinct style of humor simply ceased to be .
in their earlier films , you had stan with his endless , prompting ollie 's looks of disgust into the camera ; the physical comedy was brilliant , and often led off by the duo selecting the most illogical and idiotic course of action possible for the bizarre circumstances in which they found themselves .
example : you are delivering a piano .
the door of the house is locked but you can get in through an upstairs balcony door .
do you put one person in through that door , then have him come downstairs and open the main door for you to bring in the piano ?
no , you try to bring the piano in through the upstairs door , using a flimsy canopy as a mounting point for a block and tackle hoist !
that is just an example of the kind of humor which made stan and ollie famous .
well , all that seems to be gone in this movie .
i got halfway through watching `` great guns `` and realized i had wasted as much time as i had spent watching it to that point - and i turned it off .
( if i have to watch more than half-way through a movie to get past the part that is an utter waste , it 's too far gone to redeem itself for me .
) while stan and ollie still looked much like their old selves in this film , it 's like they were almost afraid to be those two zany characters from their good movies , like they did n't feel like they could pull it off ... like maybe they did n't believe in themselves anymore ?
laurel and hardy had a period in which they made brilliant comedies , where you could n't help laughing out loud at the sheer lunacy of their antics and the disasters which resulted .
like stan trying to move a dump truck so ollie could get his wife 's new convertible out of its parking space , and stan works the lever that makes the dump truck unload tons of dirt onto the car .
or stan visiting ollie in the hospital and sitting on a hypodermic needle full of tranquilizer , and ollie ending up hanging out the window by his leg .
those were laurel and hardy films which made them popular and famous , deservedly so .
this movie , great guns , is all talk talk talk , most of that not very funny , and little else .
yawn .
i 'm a big l & h fan but i know i will never bother watching this film ever again .
phew !
it 's a sad movie , not a comedy .
it 's simply not very funny , and very little like the earlier films they 'd made .

-1
this film is so bad it 's embarrassing .
when i was twelve , i loved it .
seen from an adult 's eyes , it 's a disaster .
olson and johnson tried to recreate the mayhem of the three stooges .
there is n't anything funny about the film .
the dance numbers are cheesy .
( universal 's attempt to recreate berkeley are laughable .
) the music is awful .
above all : no comedy .
no one , even martha raye , escapes this film undamaged .

-1
confusing , that is what this cartoon was .
i feel sorry for the children that had to watch this .
this cartoon was too confusing .
i did n't understand the jokes , i did n't know any of the celebrities .
i think the woman that turned out to be a man in the end was a parody of a movie directed by the director of plan 9 from outer space , and i knew the three stooges .
that 's it .
this cartoon gave me a headache because i tried hard to understand what people were talking about .
it was just random people every few seconds .
half the movie was just people doing the cha cha and one guy saying he does n't know how to do the modern dances , so he moves to washington so he wo n't be made fun of .
anywho , i do recommend this cartoon for historians .
that might just be it .
this cartoon was too confusing for children , and also not recommended for them either .
it had people smoking .

-1
the title is the most exciting part of this film , and it is a misnomer .
it leads one to believe this may be a psychological mystery , but it is actually a pretty run-of-the-mill mystery with betty grable woefully miscast .
she was good at dancing , not so good at acting .
victor mature turns in a decent performance , and laird cregar chews the scenery as usual .
the ending is supposed to be kind of a twist but it does n't really work and seems rather contrived as most mysteries are .
this may be classified as a noir film due to the camera work and obsessiveness of cregar 's character , but it is a very minor film and lacks any real substance .
but in 1941 , this kind of mindless fluff passed as entertainment and at least the actors were good-looking .

-1
that dreadful casting error is only one of many .
cowan was a good character actor and perfectly adequate as a lead in mysteries .
but his comic timing , at least based on this horrible mess , did not exist .
he also looks terrible , with a very noticeable double chin .
shirley ross is exceptionally unappealing as the first of two women dennis morgan marries .
she overacts and is generally thoroughly disagreeable .
morgan is shown in a lot of beefcake shots .
and he was a handsome man .
he 's fine here , though i personally could do without his singing .
jane is pretty and sweet as ross 's southern cousin , whom he marries while he has amnesia .
one of the few amusing bits is a bum 's looking at a billboard and giving morgan , who has no memory of who he is , the name homes .
( he is later called happy .
) one of the very least appealing is the shower that first makes wyatt and morgan , later ross , appear in blackface .

-1
why was this movie even made ?
i did n't like any of the characters .
the gangster was despicable , without any redeeming qualities .
the two old guys were pretty spineless throughout most of the movie .
the eddie albert character was a nice guy but too boring and predictable .
the ida lupino character was interesting but why did she go for a total bottom feeder like the gangster ?
i realized she wanted more excitement in her life , but how could she pick such a loser as the gangster character ?
finally , the two spineless old men gather the nerve to kill the gangster , but essentially fail .
it 's only through dumb luck that they make it out alive .

-1
james stewart plays james haskel .
a man that is trying to carry on with his father 's music shop .
times are hard and business is light .
uncle charlie has another idea .
jimmy is the last of the haskel family and uncle charlie would like his last relative to carry on his business .
a simple plot to start with .
when james gives up the music business and reports for duty with uncle then this film blows a flat note .
james stewart singing , dancing and playing the harmonica is a little hard to believe .
was stewart really singing ?
i do n't know for sure .
a believable beginning just becomes so murky that this is definitely is stewart 's worst film .
the rest of the cast provides nothing of any worth .

-1
two big and popular acting stars : henry fonda and lucille ball , and one famous writer - damon runyan - but , who do you have ?
a very annoying and boring film .
who wants to watch and listen as a nasty , spoiled woman is miserable a nice , adoring fan for almost the whole movie ?
the real sad thing was that the nastier she ( ball , playing against type ) was to him ( fonda , playing a busboy !
) , the more he seemed to love her .
there are people like that , of both sexes , and it 's pathetic .
this also would n't appeal to most people because almost all of us have such a positive image of `` lucy , `` so why ruin things and watch her play this role of the opposite : a sadistic .
rotten person ?
no thanks .
yes , there is an audience for `` downers , `` meaning depressing movies , but i 'm not in that group so that 's another reason this film did not appeal to me ... and , i assume , to most folks .

-1
i saw this movie with my family and we were all shocked at just how amazingly bad this film could be !
on the plus side ( and there is only one ) , the supporting characters were really cute and their runyan dialog was hilarious ( any film with eugene palette ca n't be 100 % bad -- in this case , only % bad ) .
however , despite wonderful support which at least allows the film to earn a 2 , everything else about this film was absolutely horrid -- and i am talking about worse than that hagan girl , parnell or swing your lady bad ! ! !
so bad that i wonder how this movie slipped by being in the fifty worst movies book by harry medved !
the very biggest problem with the film are the leads , henry fonda and lucille ball .
fonda 's character is so dumb and such a chump for lucille that he defies common sense -- no one is that stupidly in love with anyone -- especially someone so thoroughly unlikable !
lucille ball , to put it bluntly , is nastier and more self-centered than hitler or kim and yet this idiot keeps calling her `` your highness `` and doing everything for this horrible invalid .
there 's only so much sympathy anyone can have until they ultimately kill the person they are caring for -- and lucille was that bad ! ! !
because fonda is such a sap , after a short time you stop feeling sorry for him and start hating him .
do n't believe me ? !
well , lucille in her wheelchair throws a fit and insists that fonda must take her to florida for the winter .
however , they have zero money -- none .
so , she demands that he pushes the wheelchair from new york to florida , ... and he does ! ! ! ! !
so , not only is he totally stupid , but he does the impossible .
and if this does n't convince you fonda is 100 % stupid and , when he commits a robbery , he accidentally lets his social security card fall out at the scene of the crime to identify who he was ! ! ! ! !
as for lucille , while her being truly despicable could have been a nice departure from her usual sweet or sassy roles , she truly descended to the level of almost being satan .
do you need another example of her evil ?
well , when they finally get to florida , lucille insists that fonda must pretend to be her butler and carry her about the beach .
then , when an old boyfriend of hers shows up and sees she is handicapped , she screams at and berates fonda ! !
with her being that bad and him being that dumb , the movie ca n't help but sink from under itself .
apart from the total unlikability of the leads , the film abounds with clichã©s and sappiness .
the most egregious examples are when the cops find out that it was fonda who committed the robbery but let him go because , ... well i really do n't know why ! !
and also , and this is the part that made our skin crawl , at the very end , fonda lifts lucille out of her wheelchair in front of the crowd at the huge party and shazam -- she can stand and actually kind of dance even though she 's paralyzed ! ! ! !
at this point , mercifully , this awful film ended .
thank goodness , otherwise i might have thrown my shoe through the tv tube ! !
do n't watch this film unless you are at least as dumb as fonda 's character .
do n't say i did n't warn you ! ! !

-1
shy beaky buzzard does n't want to go hunting for food , but after a swift kick from mama , he attempts to bring a rabbit back for supper but not just any rabbit .
bugs bunny obviously his plans and the mother ends up loving him for no reason .
this short is merely average .
i did n't laugh as much .
perhaps that 's partly because i 'm not quite endeared to beaky .
i mean he 's better then pepe , but that 's not saying a whole lot .
bugs bunny looks a lot more like the bugs i know though .
this cartoon is on disk 3 of the `` looney tunes golden collection volume 1 `` it also has an optional commentary my grade : c

-1
this is surely the weakest bugs bunny cartoon i 've ever seen .
beaky buzzard simply is not funny and has no appeal at all .
as a matter of fact he 's down-right annoying .
he 's not a character i wish to see again in further looney tunes cartoons .
this short has him preying after bugs because mama buzzard wants him to go out and catch his first dinner .
bugs obviously does n't take so well to this and does n't make it easy for the bird .
but where is the usual bugs bunny intelligence , outsmarting , battle of wits ?
not here i tell ya .
beaky buzzard is not a formidable opponent for our fave rabbit and this cartoon is completely doa .
avoid it .

-1
not quite as awful as some would make it out - but definitely in the ` so bad it 's funny ' category .
in fact , it could have been worse - i smiled a lot but i never laughed out loud as i do with ed wood films .
there 's nothing credible about the story whatsoever - no , do n't even try .
at one point hitler gets his mustache shaved off , and people who have known him for years can no longer recognize him !
sets and preposterous plot devices have been remarked by other reviewers , why belabor such points .
and ward bond 's performance is n't simply `` over the top , `` it 's shot out to the stratosphere .
there are some funny lines , and the german accents are caricatures of human speech .
the first half drags a bit , but the second half moves along at a fair clip .
one other piece of plotting non-sequitor : the narrator of the story makes out that he can report a dead hero 's last words - unfortunately , nobody present at the death could possibly report these to him .
is he just clairvoyant ?
and that hero - racketeer , bank-robber , murderer - `` a great man , `` one character calls him , `` a great american `` says another .
hmmm ... oh well ; one positive piece of propaganda does show up toward the end , when the nazis line a group of children up against a wall and shoot them .
a bit of a brutal throw-away in a film like this , but since this is really something nazis did , it was important to communicate it to american audiences , so they could get a glimpse at their real enemy - which , since this is the point of the film , made this brief brutal moment worth the whole effort , i guess .

-1
this movie , one of the most objectionable films ever made , exploits the brilliance of bing crosby and fred astaire to create a counterfeit classic brushing over the horror of the time when it was made .
it plays like a tiresome broadway review , because it is .
this mess of exploits the seasonal holidays to frame the immense talents of its leads but wastes that talent the film inflicted on us one of the most irritating holiday songs ever -- `` white christmas `` .
i know that americans needed diversion but this thin gruel of sentiment and silliness lacks the nourishment people needed and still need .
even mr. astaire 's dancing is the worst he ever did in any film.the opulence in the characters dress offends the spirit of the time , while the blatant propaganda footage dates and limits any universal appeal this little mess might have had .
the racist underpinning of the film only magnifies the immense failure .
this is one of the most overrated movies ever .
avoid it .
i give in a 2 only because of the leads .

-1
when a bunch of nazis come calling on jon hall at his print shop in new york city , they seem to know all about him and the background he has tried to hide .
seems as though an ancestor of his was none other than claude rains who as john griffin invented that invisibility formula that had the entire united kingdom on edge .
hall barely escapes from the agents who include cedric hardwicke for the nazis and peter lorre as a visiting ally from japan .
right after pearl harbor like wonder woman , hall decides his talents are best put to use in the allied cause .
his condition is that he alone will be given the invisibility drug , mindful of the bad side effects it has including causing the madness that killed claude rains back in the day .
hall finds out some vital information , like the day the axis is going to invade the usa and who their agents are in america .
he has the help of the beautiful ilona massey , but he 's not quite sure what side of the fence she 's playing .
the nazis are stupid , even more stupid than usual in these films , but they 've also got a lot of intrigues going among each other , between cedric hardwicke and j. edward bromberg to see who will be top dog under himmler in the s.s. and peter lorre does not think terribly much of german efficiency and with these two around who could blame him .
maybe the japanese ought to gain the secret of invisibility and they might be calling the tune in the axis .
it all makes for one horrific wartime propaganda flick that would be hooted off the screen by some and would offend others .
peter lorre who was jewish hungarian , gets to do his mr. moto act with malevolence saying such things as you occidentals have this really big fetish about your white women and hall coming back that he ca n't tell any of you monkeys apart .
to be fare to hardwicke , lorre , and bromberg , it 's not easy dealing with an invisible man .
too bad they were at war with the british or they could find out how claude rains ultimately met his end .

-1
considering the great cast and reputation , this was very disappointing .
i guess the reputation comes from the national critics , all of whom are very liberal and this movie is left winger 's dream .
you see a weak preacher ( hollywood 's only kind ) , you hear some of the liberals favorite words like like `` repression , `` and `` narrow-mindedness , `` and you can get in on all the small-town gossip and secrets .
this movie is so , it 's sickening .
what a shame considering the talents of ann sheridan , ronald reagan , bob cummings , charles coburn , claude rains and more .
reagan , by the way , was a very charismatic politician but did n't have that aura on screen .
not only is it awful , it 's long - 126 minutes .
to sit through this again or have another root canal at the dentist 's is a tossup .

-1
let 's get tough has those irrepressible east side kids getting involved with hunting down an axis spy ring operating in of all places the lower east side of manhattan .
back in those days the axis would pop up just about everywhere including in the ozarks in another fabulous monogram propaganda effort , joan of ozark .
tom brown who is bobby jordan 's older brother has been dishonorably discharged , but that 's all a put up job because he 's infiltrated the spy ring .
the spy ring is an ecumenical consisting mostly of japanese headed by philip ahn , but also including gabriel dell in a german accent that he learned in the borscht belt and of course the infiltrator brown .
the east side kids in their burst of pearl harbor inspired patriotism first mess up a chinese owned business and later have to apologize for it especially since some idiot japanese thought he was one of them and kill him when he does n't join the spy ring .
sad to say we 've had incidents just like that after the gulf war and the current afghan and iraqi wars .
gangs of kids imbued with patriotism going after moslem owned businesses and moslem people .
here these kids are only wrong because they made a mistake .
and of course the orientals not be able to tell one group from another is positively ludicrous .
robert armstrong as your neighborhood irish cop and florence rice as his daughter who is going out with brown all add to the general of this wartime propaganda film that could only have been made during our world war ii years .
in addition the film was badly edited so you have to fill in a few blanks for the story to make any sense .
i doubt we 'll ever see a director 's cut of let 's get tough .

-1
first a word of warning : if you are in any way made uncomfortable by , annoyed , or even allergic to the word `` pathetic `` , skip this review , for that very word will be utilized often and to its full and devastating effect .
`` the totally pathetic ambersons `` .
orson wells 's `` second masterpiece `` , as this piece of c *** is referred to , is doubtlessly a well-directed ( especially for that time ) but idiotic and overly pathetic , melodramatic soap-opera .
a story so irrelevant ( in its pathetic grandeur ) that it boggles the mind .
a sort of `` romeo and juliet `` for the middle-aged .
based on a rather bad novel , i assume .
the movie starts with welles 's admittedly pleasant voice ( he was considered for darth vader at one point ) , and his narration can be heard on several other occasions , the most mystifying one being when his voice is heard while we find out the contents of a letter , instead of the voice of the letter 's author , which is cotton .
as the movie progresses , so welles 's dramatic narration seems sillier , simply because it attempts to something that is n't worth s *** seem grand , something that is merely small , hardly big in any way - the story .
the story has at its core the undying , ever-lasting - but most of all pathetic - love between cotton and amberson .
both of them are ethereal characters straight out of fairy tales for very small , retarded children ; they are both pure goodness , pure patience , pure , and pure kindness .
in other words , they make me wan na throw up for days .
( is the absolute replica of de havilland 's character from `` gone with the wind `` .
) for some dumb , completely invalid , to some - comical - reason they do n't hook up when they 're young , so cotton waits - for decades - until her husband dies to woo her again ( although he woos her a bit before the guy 's death ) .
alas !
george , her son is in the way !
a spoilt , selfish brat right out of a bad novel ; he is shocked and appalled by the very idea of his mother resuming her sex-life so he stands between the two doomed , tragic lovers ... aahhh ... so sad .
so impactful ... so pathetic !
so unrealistic !
while at least in shakespeare 's tragedy there was a real barrier between r & j , here there is none .
no real one .
george can hardly be considered a barrier .
if cotton really wanted to , he could simply tell him to shove off out of his way and then proceed to convince that her stupid son 's interest are not relevant enough in this matter , and he would do so without mincing his words .
and then they would get married , and george could sit around and sulk for all they care .
but , but , but ... do not forget : this is an ethereal , grand , drama with delicate lovers who take everything and everybody so very seriously and tragically .
and they care so very much how their decisions affect everyone , even the nearest squirrel or spider or ant .
and george is anything but a spider : his opinion is not only important - it is essential .
his word is in fact the word of god himself .
hence , , instead of marrying her great love cotton decides to take a trip around the world with her son george !
how pathetic is that ? !
talk about a silly , majestic , overkill reaction !
but she is so self-sacrificing , so ... ah .
ah .
... it 's just so touching , her devotion to her brat son .
i was close to tears and then shed them .
( okay , tears of laughter they were but tears welles did get out of me , nonetheless , did n't he ?
he wanted my tears -- he got them !
) her generosity is only matched by cotton 's : he says not a word of all this to baxter , his daughter , with whom george flirts .
how .
how .
how pathetic !
how far-fetched !
how very old-school hollywood !
when baxter comes back from her trip , she at first seems to be totally oblivious emotionally to george 's glorious departure .
but when george leaves after informing her of it , she starts sobbing , and proceed to so very pathetically faint in the nearby pharmacy .
( moments before , george suggested that he might have to get something in the pharmacy so as not to faint .
what clever , clever irony .
i am utterly by this bit of cleverness .
also : we are fortunately spared seeing her faint ; the camera was on the pharmacist -- who was picking his nose ( just kidding ) .
) typically ( for old-school hollywood ) returns from the long trip sick .
naturally , she is lying in bed dying , and what does she do ?
she asks her son if he ate enough and worried if he had caught a cold .
oh , is n't she so unselfish ... so generous ... so preposterously badly written !
in her own way she displays what true goodness and kindness is all about .
and who better to relate this message of goodness to the sheep-like public than a decadent , ego-maniacal hollywood director !
( what irony .
though not the kind of irony this movie was aiming for .
) after she dies , somehow george and her aunt fanny have almost nothing left and he has to get a job to support the two of them .
ah !
how destiny punished them for their meddling and selfishness !
the irony !
drama at its highest level , no doubt .
but here comes the moment when i laughed hardest : many years later cotton finds out in the newspaper that george broke both legs in a car-accident !
i know i 'm not supposed to laugh at this sort of dramatic plot-device , but i could n't help it .
i could n't help it because it was so funny on so many levels : 1 ) a typical , dumb old-school hollywood plot-device : a tragic death , an accident ... sorry , but i 've hit the review limit .
to read the rest ( and other reviews ) mail me .
if you 're interested in reading my `` biographies `` of orson welles , and other hollywood intellectuals , contact me by e-mail .

-1
i do n't find `` the new spirit `` very interesting simply as a cartoon .
but it retroactively brings up an important point : you ca n't wage unfunded wars .
regardless of what you think about war , there 's still no way to wage it unless you tax people .
to be certain , franklin roosevelt imposed very high taxes on the rich .
george w. bush , on the other hand , cut taxes during wartime and simply told people to go shopping .
there can be no doubt that waging the unfunded wars in afghanistan and iraq ( to say nothing of wall street ) contributed to the worldwide economic crisis .
ok , too much analysis .
as i said , this cartoon is nothing special .

-1
what a clunker !
what was preston sturges thinking when he made this movie ?
there is nothing funny about this movie .
lots of slapstick , people falling over each other , contrived scenes with a deaf man , dumb story , stupid lines , idiotic scenes , just lots of noise , all based on the story that defies all belief , even though it 's a movie .
the movie is shrill , annoying , unentertaining , and intellectually a void , and something that you may want to to avoid .
unless you are a student of preston sturges , there is no reason to watch this movie .
the movie has a great cast , but a great cast does not guarantee a great movie and in this movie the dumb story trumps the cast .
now if this movie featured , for instance , abbott and costello or laurel and hardy , then maybe the movie would have worked , but to accept claudette colbert and joel mccrae acting like lucy and ricky is a bit much to swallow , even for a movie buff .
you want stupid , goofy and funny ?
watch the three stooges instead .
or watch jack benny .
or jackie gleason and audrey meadows .
or william bendix and marjorie reynolds .
moe , larry and curly would have acted rings around this clunker because the were unpretentious and good at what they did .
you would no more expect moe howard to play a lead role in a major dramatic motion picture than joel mccrae play a buffoon falling over himself , but mr. sturges attempts this strange casting in this movie , and it does not work .
this dumb movie was made in 1942 , during world war two .
the entire world is at war , international law and order had completely broken down , hitler , mussolini and tojo were on the rampage , and hollywood produces a trite piece of celluloid junk , featuring major actors in something that would have entirely ignored if it were n't a preston sturges product .
somebody must have really liked mr. sturges to finance this completely ridiculous movie .
you want comedy ?
watch will ferrell or steve martin .

-1
i hate to speak ill of any movie made before my time that 's regarded as a classic and is an afi award winner ( # 77 on it 's 100 funniest movies list ) , but this film just did not resonate with me at all.i found the plot utterly ridiculous.the two leads were hate to use the word `` stupid `` , but it 's the only word i can muster for the film 's was my first viewing of any film starring most of the cast here , and while i 'm sure they were great in other films , there was just no magic here , at least not for me.i can think of a few films that are more deserving of a placement in the above mentioned afi list than this .

-1
this is essentially an armed forces recruitment film made by universal shortly after the u.s. formal entry into world war ii , utilizing some comics and swing musicians to raise the patriotic tenor .
the wispy plot relates how the entire band of harry james decides to enlist in the army to follow its drafted leader , with a subsequent follies being organized directly before the entire group marches avidly into combat .
with the exception of the reliable mary wickes , the comedians , in particular joe e. lewis and shemp howard , are dreadful and serve only to make the various musical interludes , notably those featuring the sprightly andrews sisters , a welcome relief -- from comedy .
former big band singer dick foran , who warbles the title tune , is the featured non-musical performer tasked to deal with the hapless propagandistic script , but 16 year old donald o'connor nearly steals the show along with some of his jitterbugging cronies .

-1
there 's not a single convincing moment in this mishmash casablanca wannabe from m-g-m with john wayne , joan crawford , philip dorn , reginald owen & john carradine fumbling about as bogie , bergman , henreid , raines & veidt , respectively .
it would be funny if it was n't so appalling .
and as sheer visual movie-making , warners product leaves m-g-m entirely in the shade .
not too surprising from producer joe mankiewicz , though helmer jules dassin would soon grow camera savvy .
( midway thru the pic , lenser robert planck delivers a stunning close-up of joan , but that 's the single redeeming feature here .
) for a far better shot at this sort of thing ( leaving casablanca aside ) , try ` paris underground ' with constant bennett .
( please see my review .
)

-1
easily the worst universal `` horror film `` i 've ever seen , and it makes previous candidates of mine like she-wolf of london , the frozen ghost , and jungle woman look like thrill rides alongside it .
hell , i 'd even watch life returns again over this one ; at least that 's bizarre enough in its badness and resembles an our gang short in spots .
doctor rx does n't make one bit of sense , with nothing going on but talk , talk , talk , and feels like it goes on forever despite that it 's only just over an hour .
the cockeyed plot seems to be about a series of murders against criminals who got off , committed by a mysterious doctor .
shemp howard and mantan moreland are mixed up in all of this , but they do n't even offer anything fun in the comical department .
anne gwynne had always been the cutest universal gal for me , but despite all her pep here it 's all for naught .
and lionel atwill is just wasted .
the only somewhat decent thing i can say for this turkey is that it was semi-interesting to see patric knowles cast as an insensitive jerk for a change , and the 3 measly minutes we spend in dr. rx 's laboratory with a chained gorilla is a tad unsettling ... even though i ca n't for the life of me see how it fits into the rest of this picture !
a wretched movie .

-1
lyle talbot ( as robert `` bob `` owen ) fights nazis in norway , during world war ii .
helping him out are native son george n. neise ( as erik falken ) and british wisecracker charley rogers ( as harry hall ) .
mr. neise 's old acquaintance june duprez ( as inga ) adds femininity and intrigue to the cast .
once engaged to neise , ms. duprez has hooked up with properly accented victor varconi ( as otto von ritter ) .
mr. varconi gets the line , `` my men have of making you talk . ``
spencer gordon bennet 's `` they raid by night `` , subtitled `` a story of the commandos `` , features a very catchy theme song , and is good for a few unexpectedly good laughs .
** they raid by night ( ) spencer gordon bennet ~ lyle talbot , june duprez , victor varconi , george n. neise

-1
this is one of the worst films i have ever seen .
in these days of health and safety regulations , , risk assessments and method statements , it is impossible to believe that characters like those played by richard arlen , chester morris and joe sawyer behave in such a foolhardy way , violating just about every rule in the health and safety book .
even in those days h and s. played a part in the demolition operation particularly of a large hotel .
even worse is the fact that morris and sawyer play it so broadly that the audience were supposed to laugh at their antics .
a character plunges to his death , but no one seems to either be upset or learn anything from the wonder esther dale 's demolition company is going bust !
on the plus side the special effects are ok for a b picture , jean parker is pretty and esther dale does her usual sterling character work .
of interest to movie buffs is luck former star evelyn brent in what amounts to a bit part .
producers pine - thomas known in the trade as `` the dollar bills `` should have demolished the script and had it rewritten .

-1
edwin porter 's 1903 short film entitled `` the great train robbery `` bursts onto the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that one prepares to be blown away by another pioneering early film .
just like melies ' `` a trip to the moon `` , critics have hailed this as being the film that introduced the western genre into modern cinema .
in my eyes , they were right .
it had everything from the planning , the actual heist of the train , the murder of an unwanted civilian , and that looming final scene that makes you realize that these villains mean business -- it was all monumental for its time .
from here to eastwood , every western filmmaker has used porter 's image in some form or another to create their own story .
one can not say that this film did n't open the door , but the struggle comes from the story itself .
the genre was defined by porter , but outside of its initial excitement -- there really is n't anything to grapple onto .
perhaps i am jaded by the clichã© modern westerns and their haphazard messages , but how can something be clichã© before being clichã© ?
to me , `` the great train robbery `` seemed forced , untraceable , and unsurprising .
unlike melies , porter tells a very linear story .
robbers change the course of a train , rob it , then shoot at random people just to prove they are the true villains , and the final scene ends like any predestined film , without any surprises or glitches , and that looming man with a gun to your proverbial face .
it is bland .
porter 's film is boring .
in the edition i watched , there was an addition of color near to the end to emphasize emotion , which felt cheap and was not encouraging to the filmmaker , or to the viewer .
the issue remains that while it is important , porter 's film has been borrowed time and time again , it has in effect become diluted .
the story itself does not carry the emotional powerhouse it once has .
unlike melies early film , i can not watch this again .
i know what has happened , i know there is very little missing from behind the scenes , and that finally it is just what it has set out to be -- a simple story leading from point a to point b to point c .
this issue is not only my gripe with this film , but also the strongest element to see in such an early film .
while it was dull , the fact that it told such a strong narrative -- that our characters were characters with motives and drives , was outstanding to see .
in an era where nonfiction films seemed mainstream , this broke the mold .
again , not that i am jumping on the prophetic bandwagon about this film -- it is an important film -- it just is n't a great film .
overall , i was eager to jump into this film to see where the roots of the western genre were planted , but i was equally as happy to leave this film behind .
porter is a talented director , and g.m . anderson obviously went on to be very successful in the created field , but i just was n't in awe of the film .
i was n't expecting big budget effects like melies work , nor was i expecting a duplicate of `` a trip to the moon `` , but i did want to see the same creativity , exploration , and originality .
i felt porter played it safe , if that can be said with such an early film , but i could n't feel the excitement as our villains did their evil deeds .
i was n't rooting for anyone , and the final conclusion proved that the of it had worn off minutes after the film started .
it was pioneering , but not monumental .
`` the great train robbery `` has lost its space in the time capsule of cinema .
grade : ** out of *****

-1
`` the woman hater `` is an okay movie .
however , it deserves recognition for having , perhaps , the lamest american-indians in history .
they are laughably bad -- so bad that i laughed when they appeared .
the film begins with a guy getting a lovely letter from his girlfriend -- informing him that she did n't love him and has run off with his friend ! !
not surprisingly , he is traumatized , but talk about over-reacting ! !
he vows to give off women completely and moves west .
however , his vow is tested when a lady ( pearl white ) comes to stay with them .
on top of that , when the indians attack , she turns out to be a very capable lady -- and helps save his life from the lame-o tribe .
if you do n't believe me , see the film -- the ` indians ' dance about like idiots and watching them beating up the guy is also pretty funny .
all in all , an interesting idea for a film -- but not a particularly good picture .

-1
dorothy west ( as jennie baker ) is of the `` poor white class `` in old virginia ; she longs for the love of wilfred lucas ( as hugh frazier ) , the son of a wealthy tobacco planter ; but , he only has eyes for the beautiful , calculating claire mcdowell ( as irene lambert ) .
after going off to join the civil war , mr. lucas steals away from the fighting - to take in some relaxation time with ms. mcdowell .
ms. west has observed the tryst , and unselfishly saves lucas from a bushwhacking by union soldiers .
later , lucas loses his estate in the war , so mcdowell rejects him .
when all seems lost , lucas notices west 's worth ; and , they receive a pleasant surprise from slavishly loyal william j. butler ( as old ben ) .
the performances in d.w. griffith 's `` swords and hearts `` are nice ; especially that of west , they help convey much of the characters ' feelings .
the story , and use of the loyal `` black-faced `` caucasian slave , drag the film down , however .
*** swords and hearts ( ) d.w. griffith ~ dorothy west , wilfred lucas , claire mcdowell

-1
the speed kings is of historical interest because of footage of actual car races as mack sennett decides to shoot a comedy short around the event with stars mabel normand , ford sterling , and , in an early supporting role , roscoe `` fatty `` arbuckle .
mabel and father sterling are for different car racers with ms. normand infatuated with one teddy tetzlaff .
arbuckle is a racetrack official who physically tries to keep mabel from running to the track whenever tetzlaff comes nearby .
then sterling bites fatty in the ear ( shades of mike tyson !
) afterwards .
there 's also many amusing facial reactions from sterling and ms. normand .
other than what i 've just mentioned , this is mostly a blah short but the races makes this worth a look at least once .

-1
this is another example of the mack sennett studio going on location and taking advantage of nearby attractions to provide the backdrop for this film .
they did this with the beach , an exposition and auto races .
in fact , i can think of another sennett film made just a year later that is also based at the auto races .
it 's one of chaplin 's earliest films `` kid auto races at venice `` and like `` the speed kings `` , the plot and laughs are purely secondary ... at best .
the plot , such as it is , has dad wanting mabel to marry a famous auto racer .
instead , mabel wants to marry another .
as for a young fatty arbuckle , he wants sweet mabel for himself .
however , when mabel 's beau wins the race , dad agrees to the match and the film ends with fatty fighting .
the film has many of the usual sure-fire laugh routines of the day -- kicking , punching , etc . but they did forget to have the gun loaded with blanks for some shots in the butt .
otherwise , despite the setting , a somewhat familiar film that really lacks laughs .
in fact , the only reasons i could see for watching the film are if you are a race buff , as you get to see real racers as stars ( as well as throwing in a quick cameo with barney oldfield ) or if you are an insane silent comedy buff like myself -- who will watch almost anything from the era !
it 's sad to be me sometimes .

-1
i 've seen quite a few chaplin shorts from early in his career and i 've noticed that his early stuff ( done for keystone studios ) is pretty dreadful stuff .
unlike his wonderful full-length films from the 20s and 30s , the films from 1914-1915 are incredibly poorly made -- having no script but only vague instructions from the director .
in most cases , the films had almost no plot and degenerated to people punching and kicking each other .
this film consists of a lot of barroom scenes as well as scenes where charlie is an artist .
apparently , he 'd been an artist but it all went to pieces when his love left him for another .
oddly , the captions say `` two months later `` between scenes .
after only two months , he sees her and her new beau and they 've got a bunch of kids -- some looking at least 6 or 8 .
this and the paint on him that appeared and then disappeared due to bad editing make this an odd and confusing picture .
unfortunately , none of the stuff is particularly interesting .

-1
in 1914 , charlie chaplin began making pictures .
these were made for mack sennett ( also known as `` keystone studios `` ) and were literally churned out in very rapid succession .
the short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed .
as a result , the films , though popular in their day , were just awful by today 's standards .
many of them bear a strong similarity to home movies featuring obnoxious relatives mugging for the camera .
many others show the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing .
and , regardless of the outcome , keystone sent them straight to theaters .
my assumption is that all movies at this time must have been pretty bad , as the keystone films with chaplin were very successful .
the charlie chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in chaplin 's career with keystone .
by 1915 , he signed a new lucrative contract with studios and the films improved dramatically with chaplin as director .
however , at times these films were still very rough and not especially memorable .
no , chaplin as the cute little tramp was still evolving .
in 1916 , when he switched to mutual studios , his films once again improved and he became the more recognizable nice guy -- in many of the previous films he was just a jerk ( either getting drunk a lot , beating up women , provoking fights with innocent people , etc . ) .
the final evolution of his little tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films .
this short consists of chaplin as the little tramp crashing a hollywood set .
you do get to see some of the behind the screen action , but not enough to make this film stand out too much from other early rotten chaplin shorts .
interesting but no real plot or humor .

-1
i 've seen quite a few chaplin shorts from early in his career and i 've noticed that his early stuff ( done for keystone studios ) is pretty dreadful stuff .
unlike his wonderful full-length films from the 20s and 30s , the films from 1914-1915 are incredibly poorly made -- having no script but only vague instructions from the director .
in most cases , the films had almost no plot and degenerated to people punching and kicking each other .
this film has a modest amount of plot , but really the film can be summed up as `` punching , slapping and bonking on the head while chasing women `` .
this is n't exactly deep or rewarding to watch as a result .
my advice is try watching a later chaplin short or one of his full-length films .

-1
at most , this might lead you to appreciate the watershed brilliance of `` the birth of a nation `` .
another 1915 feature-length film set during the american civil war , `` the coward `` is an isolated melodrama , in lieu of scope or scale , with only one or two comparatively small skirmishes , affecting , in whole , neither interest or controversy .
most similar between the two films is probably their theatricality -- the staginess of camera placement and missing walls , the way of storytelling and the histrionic acting .
there are a few rather nice looking shots in this film , actually , but the entire picture is poorly crafted and choppy at times .
the story of a father forcing his coward son at gunpoint to enlist for the confederate army -- and so on -- is forgettable .
perhaps suitable on stage , frank keenan 's rigor mortis stances and facial are so out of place its laughable .
poor commemoration for ince .
( note : the print i saw is in poor shape in parts -- possibly causing some of the choppiness .
)

-1
a starstruck lady wants to meet her idol , the actor hale hamilton ( an actual silent star ) .
however , she is tossed out of the theater and dejectedly returns home .
once she arrives , she finds out she is an heiress and quickly returns to the theater .
there , she meets the same two boobs who threw her out but now that she 's rich they try to woo her .
she 'll have none of that and only wants to star with hale in his next production -- which the klutzy woman then proceeds to destroy .
i love silent films -- particularly comedies .
i have seen hundreds , if not thousands and have posted many reviews of these films on imdb , so i do have some idea about what does and does not constitute a `` good `` silent comedy .
unfortunately , when seen today , her painted hero is n't particularly good or watchable , though when it debuted in 1915 , it was about average to slightly below average for a comedy .
while it has a few somewhat funny moments , the overall film is pretty flat and uninvolving .

-1
minister robert edeson ( as austin , the `` sky pilot `` ) arrives in a bawdy wyoming town , and books himself a room in the local saloon .
at first , the locals make fun of mr. edeson 's prayerful ways ; but , sexy saloon dancer rhea mitchell ( as belle shields ) warms up to him .
this does n't sit well with stagecoach robber william s. hart ( as texas ) , who was planning to wed ms. mitchell .
seeing the light of the lord , mitchell leaves mr. hart , and her dance hall days , for a life with parson edeson .
eventually , the white light shines on hart , too .
then , the surprisingly fickle mitchell begins to step out with tempting herschel mayall ( as `` handsome jack `` malone ) ; and , hart rushes to defend his ex-girlfriend 's honor .
reginald barker 's `` on the night stage `` is no `` bargain `` , but it does have hart ; who was , at the time , the biggest box office star in the country .
hart performs his part well .
but , the scenario is absurd ; with the weak-willed `` belle shields `` saddled with an increasingly most difficult to comprehend motivation .
*** on the night stage ( ) reginald barker ~ william s. hart , robert edeson , rhea mitchell

-1
the 1916 version of 20,000 leagues under the sea is a perfect example of what can happen when a film relies primarily on special effects .
in its day , it was widely celebrated as one of the first feature-length films to make use of underwater photography , and audiences thrilled to its scenes of coral reefs and sharks .
but nowadays we 're very used to seeing underwater photography , and of a quality that far surpasses that seen here .
and the film has little else to offer .
the story , of course , is based on the jules verne classic -- but `` based `` is the operative word .
about the only thing this film version has in common with the verne novel is the title , a few character names , and a few basic concepts , so if you 're expecting a faithful silent adaptation of the novel you 're outta luck .
in this version , a scientist ( dan hanlon ) and his party go in search of sea monsters and run afoul of the nautilus , but they soon discover that capt . nemo ( allen holubar ) really is n't such a bad guy after all .
there 's a subplot about a `` child of nature `` ( jane gail ) who lives on a `` mysterious island `` and who has some mixed experiences with shipwrecked sailors stranded there -- and before the whole thing ends we are flashed back to colonial india for an explanation of just who capt . nemo really is and how he got that way .
in the process there is underwater photography aplenty , including a faintly hilarious attack on a sailor by a 1916 .
the acting is extremely broad here , even for 1916 , and nemo 's costume makes him look rather like a skinny santa claus gone bad .
the nautilus is uninspired and the cinematography is only so-so .
consequently , what audiences thrilled over in 1916 seems pretty clunky today .
the film has not been , nor has any attempt been made to restore it , and there is n't a single scene that is n't riddled with artifacts .
this is really a film for die-hard silent film buffs rather than casual viewers , and even silent film buffs will probably find themselves hitting the fast forward more than a couple of times .
recommended as a historic artifact , but nothing more .
gary f. taylor , aka gft , amazon reviewer

-1
i recently have rented several dvds from netflix that fall under the title `` old time comedy classics `` .
i know they have at least eight dvds , as this is volume 8 .
the previous dvds were earlier issues and were a good bit funnier than those in volume 8 , though i still have n't been all that impressed with any of the entries .
it seems that these are all lesser-known silent comedies and i can easily see why they are n't as well known -- most just are n't that funny .
the danger girl is definitely an example of these limp films in this installment .
the biggest problem is that although the plot is n't bad , it really looks almost nothing like a comedy as there is n't much to laugh at -- neither slapstick nor more sophisticated humor .
the plot involves poor old gloria swanson trying to get her boyfriend ( bobby vernon ) to stop paying attention to `` the danger girl `` -- a rich vamp who inexplicably is pursued by ardent admirers .
so , to foil vernon 's attempts to catch the danger gal 's heart , gloria dresses up like a man and chases the vamp instead .
this is n't a bad idea for a plot , but there are just opportunity after opportunity wasted as no comedy is generated .
in fact , if i were compiling this set , i would n't have even considered this film as it 's more like a romance ... period .
and , sadly , not all that great a romance either .
a poorly executed and totally unfunny sinks this one and makes it easy to understand how this old short became a `` forgotten classic `` .

-1
as another reviewer , john seal , indicated in his review , this film is only a fragment and it 's really not possible to review the film .
for the parts remaining , they are n't very funny though who knows -- maybe the missing parts were pure comedy gold !
the beginning of the film you find harold lloyd playing his `` lonesome luke `` character -- a guy with none of the subtlety or charm of lloyd 's later bespectacled persona .
like most other comedians of the era , his humor is far from sophisticated and there is lots on falling and bonking all done in a very , very exaggerated way -- a style that really did n't age well !
out of the blue , lloyd decides he 's going to join the navy and you really wonder if part of the film leading to it is missing .
after all , the decision seemed to come from no where and why snub pollard would also join is unclear .
and , oddly , they seem to skip all training and are stationed on a navy ship .
soon pollard 's wife comes to the boat looking for him and she 's put off the boat as the movie ends very , very anticlimactically .
unfortunately , there 's nothing that funny or interesting in the film other than it 's one of the earliest appearances of harold lloyd on film and you get to see some very old naval ships .
unless you are a rabid die-hard fan , it 's pretty skipable .

-1
as several reviewers have noted , chaplin left essanay after his film police .
footage from that film was combined with footage from work and a never released production called life .
the result is what could be expected from such a mishmash .
this is clearly chaplin 's worst film up to this point .
the narrative is barely there , and the action on the screen does not seem to follow it most of the time .
there is maybe one genuinely funny moment ; it 's the one where chaplin has a bottle in his hand .
there is one interesting bit of footage included in the film obviously taken from work ; it 's a quick edit of several policemen being tossed up in the air by the exploding stove .
the scene was cut from work , but it creates an excellent feeling of an view .
* of 4 stars .

-1
charlie chaplin 's final essanay film is probably his most controversial .
unlike the controversy his films created in the 1930s and 40s , the controversy surrounding triple trouble comes from its very existence .
the two reel film was created in 1918 ; two years after chaplin left essanay and was compiled by chaplin regular leo white .
white directed some sequences and took other scenes from police as well as the ending from work and some unused footage from the never completed life .
the result is a hodgepodge of half completed jokes , tired scenes and uneven continuity .
the plot ( i think ) involves chaplin working in the house of a ( leo white ) as a janitor .
having got into his trademark trouble and briefly bumping into a maid ( edna purviance ) whose role is not expanded , the janitor finds a bed for the night at a flophouse .
while there a pickpocket enters and starts stealing from the residents .
the janitor attempts to stop him and then for some reason runs away from the police .
later the janitor meets an old friend who convinces the cleaner to help him to steal from his employers .
as you can probably gather from that brief plot description the film makes no sense .
one minute chaplin will be in a scene then wont be seen again for several minutes , turning up for a few seconds in a situation obviously taken from another film .
in one scene the thief is directed to the house he needs to steal from but then later on needs the janitor to show him where it is .
chaplin also runs away from the police at one stage despite having done nothing wrong .
the whole thing is a mess .
what annoyed me most is that the film takes some of the best parts of other films and drops them in .
my favourite scene in police when chaplin steals from a thief while the thief is searching him for money is used here .
all that was done to hide the fact is a reversal of the frame so that chaplin stands to the right here rather that to the left as is police .
a scene at the end of the film is lifted from chaplin 's earlier essanay work .
in that film it made perfect sense and was incredibly funny .
here chaplin was n't even in the room in the moments before yet ends up under a load of rubble .
the story and jokes are n't as sophisticated as in the likes of police , the bank or a night in the show .
there are very few actual original gags at all although calling the family of the house nutt made me laugh as that meant that the janitor worked in the nutt house .
there is very little humour in the nutt house though and the long , drawn out scene in the flophouse was dull and uninspiring .
the set was easily recognisable from police but the question of whether the footage was taken from police outtakes or from life remains unresolved .
one of the few saving graces is wesley ruggles ' cook 's facial hair .
chaplin 's character actors were renowned for ott fake facial hair but ruggles takes it to new heights here with massively over the top beard and moustache as well as the largest and most pointy fake eyebrows i 've ever seen .
it 's incredible .
one nugget of interest comes in the overt use of anti german language .
the film was released when the usa had finally entered the first world war and it appears that this film was set in germany .
one intertitle mentions teaching the hun a new goose step and there is mockery of germanic names .
in the end it feels wrong to call triple trouble a charlie chaplin film , although he did include it in the filmography for his own autobiography .
( which if you have n't read , is an excellent book and well worth picking up ) .
the film created even more animosity between chaplin and the company and can comfortably be considered the worst of their partnership .
www.attheback.blogspot.com

-1
originally , `` the spiders `` was planned as a four-part serial , and it shows .
i dislike serials ; they 're typically ridiculous , convoluted and banal .
this one is no exception .
in the first part of `` the spiders `` , `` the golden lake `` , a rich adventurer thwarts the plans of a gang of criminals -- the spiders -- to steal gold from .
a silly love triangle ensues , with some cowboys and indians action .
the sensationalism and exotica of it did n't entertain me .
one can legitimately trace themes from this two-part series to lang 's later , far superior work .
and , the film-making is better than in other serials i 've seen from this time , including `` les vampires `` ( 1915 ) .
in `` the spiders `` , the camera is n't as static , and this film is fast paced , thankfully .
the tinting and lighting are adequate , too .
none of that 's remarkable , though .
it 's nearly unseemly , however , in how closely this series resembles louis feuillade 's serials ; the criminal gang dresses and behaves like those in `` les vampires `` -- only the names , and to a lesser extent , the situations have changed .
for the further comments on the spiders series , see the web pages for it .

-1
d.w. griffith 's two south seas dramas made in florida , which includes this film , `` the love flower `` and `` the idol dancer `` , are two of his worst that i 've seen .
one can sense griffith 's lack of interest and inspiration .
probably the only thing worth noting about `` the love flower `` is that it features some underwater photography .
otherwise , the narrative -- based on a magazine story and involving a relentless detective after our protagonist fugitives -- is forgettable .
carol dempster ca n't act and is n't even attractive .
and , most of all , the care and energy behind griffith 's better work is missing here .
it 'd return in `` way down east `` , as would lillian gish .
`` the idol dancer `` and `` the love flower `` are merely slipshod productions griffith rushed through to help relieve his increasing financial difficulties .

-1
though famous for `` it `` as a code word for sex appeal , this piece of romantic slush is more typical of elinor glyn 's output .
gloria swanson marries a rich old fart to save her family from ruin , but falls hard for dashing rudolph valentino .
a jealous old flame swaps letters swanson has written to her husband & her putative lover ( she 's going to do the right thing , whew !
) and in a fit of renunciation , her portly spouse goes off on a sahara expedition ( !
) knowing that his life will be in jeopardy .
gloria & rudy give chase , arriving just in time to get the dying man 's blessing .
sam wood helms efficiently , but brings out the ham in everyone , esp .
rudy , and this famous ` lost ' pic only proves the axiom about disappointing discoveries .
the newly commissioned background score also disappoints though the picture restoration is largely a success .

-1
i found the frozen north to be the least likable of keaton 's shorts , irregardless of the fact that here he portrays a cad .
there is simply very little enjoyment here .
a bit of black comedy in the first section where he walks in on a couple , kills them and then realizes she was not his wife and he 's in the wrong house .
at one point he uses guitars as and then in the next scene they disappear .
a small detail - removing a bottle of coca cola from his back pocket for a swig ( ala whiskey ) - is welcome as it is more typical of keaton .
his metamorphosis into erich von stroheim as he leeringly approaches his prey is clever but only understandable by someone who knows silent film .
this is an unpleasant film , whose accessibility is greatly hampered by reference to silent films and stars that are forgotten and by keaton 's playing a rogue against type .
he and the film are simply not funny .
kino 's print is in rough shape but the surviving materials on this long thought lost film were in that condition to begin with .
despite the snow backgrounds , the blacks are quite dark and often glom so the action is not clear .
the musical accompaniment is a single piano .

-1
i saw ` la belle nivernaise ' in october 2005 at le giornate del cinema muto in sacile , italy .
having seen many silent films from many nations , i 'm accustomed to the difficulties of reading intertitles in a foreign language .
i 'm also acquainted with the more disorienting experience of viewing a silent film which possesses translated titles rather than the originals ... for example , screening a print of a hollywood-made silent film with its original english-language titles removed and italian titles ( with inaccurate translations ) spliced in .
the sacile festival screened a print of ` la belle nivernaise ' which had been restored by cineteca del di bologna from two different sources ... so some of the intertitles were the original french ones , and others were spanish translations .
i found this deeply distracting , since i had to keep shifting mental gears between different languages .
je non , oui ?
worse luck , i strongly dislike films with irrelevant or deliberately misleading titles .
movie-goers in 1923 were probably meant to assume that ` la belle nivernaise ' is the film 's heroine : in fact , that 's the name of the barge owned by the family in this movie .
the film makes an attempt to depict the river seine ( with its canals ) as a character in this story in its own right , much as the mississippi is a character in ` huckleberry finn ' .
unfortunately , this movie has n't of the power of mark twain 's novel .
still worse , the entire movie seems to be edited to the pace of the river .
imdb 's synopsis of this film is accurate .
the exterior photography is quite beautiful , and the very impressive editing features several imaginative match cuts .
the actors , all unknown to me , give believable performances within the slow-paced and depressing mise-en-scene of humble peasants .
unfortunately , all of this movie 's considerable merits are in the service of a gloomy and depressing story .
spoilers coming : eventually the adopted boy victor weds his beloved clara , and it 's implied that they live happily ever after : monsieur even gives them their own barge , christened ` la nouvelle nivernaise ' !
the ending is meant to be romantic and hopeful , but i found it somewhat distasteful .
victor , after all , was raised under the same roof as clara , more or less as step-siblings , so the ending felt to me as if he was marrying his sister .
those crazy french ... apparently this film was a commercial and artistic flop at the time of its original release , and i do n't much wonder .
according to the programme notes at sacile , even this film 's director jean epstein regretted the movie 's pace when he attended a public screening .
i 'll rate this tragedy just 3 points out of 10 , for its technical proficiency .
if you want to watch an exciting movie about , see ` young adam ' .

-1
there is a powerful beginning in which the bold character the murder of an old aged hag who serves no purpose to society but beyond that , dostoevsky tortures us with the conscience of an obstinate man who is shattered by an insignificant crime .
in all effect , dostoevsky became an apologist not only for bourgeois values and the czar with his corrupt regime , but for orthodox christianity , which not only supported the exploitation of the russian population but welcomed it .
the end of the novel , which portrays a once proud , noble , and intellectually superior young man weeping before a prostitute and the image of the bible , brings about the demise of dostoevsky 's credibility .
there is no doubt that `` crime and punishment `` would have been one of the greatest novels of the century had not dostoevsky leaned towards the more acceptable sense of morality related to the weak tenets of .
in doing so , he made a caricature of himself , lethargic and yet redeemable by accepting christ 's pathetic suffering .
it was more appropriate to adapt nietzsche 's figure of `` the noble superman `` but dostoevsky , at the time of his writing , was a destroyed soul , drinking and plagued by debts , a gambling and morphine addiction and on top of that , he was a converted christian , which is to say he resembled a `` spineless worm `` .

-1
a dedicated russian scientist dreams of going to mars .
he eventually gets there but it takes the whole film before we are able to have a laugh at the russian style of revolution in mars .

-1
a totally muddled movie with a plot that fails to make any sense at all is universal 's baby peggy vehicle , `` the family secret `` ( 1924 ) .
the plot revolves around the fact that the hero is sent to jail for three and a half years for visiting his wife without his father-in-law 's permission .
as the wife was 29 years old at the time , i would not have thought such permission was necessary , but obviously new york ( as painted in this film ) is a city where lewis carroll wrote the statutes and everything is topsy-turvy .
or maybe the husband , as glibly portrayed by edward earle , is actually a cleverly disguised moron .
he dresses neatly and seems to have a good job , does n't foam at the mouth or do anything crazy except to allow himself to be sent to jail for visiting his wife .
true , the sanity of the wife , as played by gladys hulette , is definitely suspect .
she faints all the time , fails to come to her husband 's defense , is easily deceived by her father and most certainly has a vacuous look about her in many a misty close-up .
sad to say , the child of a couple of morons is sometimes herself mentally retarded -- and that 's exactly how she is portrayed in this movie by baby peggy , although audiences in 1924 obviously found her moronic escapades amusing rather than pitiable .
william a. seiter directed with an obviously disinterested hand .

-1
this is a propaganda film ... period .
its sole purpose is to sing the praises of the new ussr and idealize the new nation -- this is obvious throughout .
because of this , as a film , it leaves a lot to be desired .
it is clearly a government-sponsored documentary to say how wonderful the country now is through the help of the people -- particularly , though not exclusively , because of the young pioneers .
if you are n't familiar with this governmental organization , it was the prototype for the later hitler youth -- an ultra-nationalist boy group that solidified the ` proper ' ideals in a very repressed society .
so , instead of being anti-semitic ( like the hitler youth ) , the ideals in this film are hard-work and love of country -- not bad ideals if the country does n't abuse this youthful exuberance .
some abuse is evident by the anti-religious comments sprinkled into the film ( as the new ussr was strictly an atheist state ) -- such as the woman saying that the young pioneers were a good replacement for the church in young people 's lives and the mental patient who says he is jesus ) .
unfortunately , just a few years later , stalin changed the relatively benign pioneers in the years following this film -- when children were encouraged to spy on their own families .
however , and this is important , the film ca n't be completely dismissed because of its strong bias .
first , for a 1920s documentary , it 's pretty well made and took a lot of work .
second , despite the government strictly controlling this film , it does give an idealized view of the early years of the soviet union -- minus , of course , such things as food shortages , purges and the like .
so for film historians , it is an interesting film .
but do n't at all confuse this with real life -- it 's all carefully orchestrated .
however , i was confused by the odd plot throughout the film -- what did the mental patients and other odd portions of the final portion of the film have to do with the beginning ? !
i think ( and i am guessing here ) that perhaps these people might have been a way to describe the days -- sick and disturbed .
however , it sure was vague and there was a lot of material in the film that just seemed to be random ( such as the portions on radios ) .
weird .
by the way , there are a few odd things about the film .
while audiences of the time must have thought the backwards portions of the film were cool , today it does appear terribly dated .
also , by today 's standards , showing repeated closeups of the dead guy seemed really , really creepy .
also , while most might not think of this , most of the kids in this film were probably killed in the great patriotic war ( wwii ) and this makes it all pretty sad , as these kids would have been on the front lines during the country 's invasion .

-1
smile please was one of the first comedies made by comic harry langdon for the mack sennett studio , and from the frantic opening sequence it 's clear that the writers had no idea what to do with him .
typical sennett gags involving a runaway horse and a flying car flash by so fast the viewer is disoriented , and langdon is just another blurred figure on the screen .
when we first meet harry he 's a sheriff , involved in a confusing triangle situation with alberta vaughn as his girlfriend and jack cooper as his dastardly rival .
the chase that kicks off this film feels more like it should be the finale , and after it 's over we 're suddenly at harry 's portrait studio , where he 's photographing the girl and the rival as if nothing happened .
it seems that harry is both a sheriff and a photographer !
( one of those weird hybrid jobs you find in old comedies .
) before you know it , the villainous cooper goes mad and sets fire to the studio , and harry rescues alberta .
in the next sequence , they 're getting married ... and cooper is a guest at the wedding !
even for a sennett comedy , this is chaotic .
the wedding ceremony is disrupted when a woman afraid of burglars calls for help , and harry rushes to the rescue , but this sub-plot goes nowhere and feels like a fragment from yet another half-finished film .
the second reel of smile please abruptly drops the business about harry 's career as a sheriff in favor of an extended routine at his portrait studio ( now mysteriously restored after the earlier fire ) where our hero must photograph his wife 's decidedly family and their uncooperative toddler .
the girl and the rival vanish at this point , and we seem to be in a different movie .
this second half is quite lively and has some fairly enjoyable moments , if you can forget about that incoherent first reel .
during the scenes at the studio harry is presented as a conventional comic who scarcely resembles the blank-faced innocent he would become .
he is nattily dressed in a striped jacket as he gamely executes gags that might as well have been assigned to andy clyde , billy bevan , or any other sennett comic of the day .
some of the material found here was later reworked in a 1933 our gang comedy called wild poses , which featured franklin pangborn in langdon 's role .
meanwhile , harry would develop his child-man persona and come up with more suitable material in his later two-reelers and features .
smile please is a shaky start to his starring career at sennett , a patchwork that looks like two or even three unrelated short comedies spliced together to make a very disjointed whole .

-1
although the beginning suggests all quiet on the western front , this silly and superficial version of war falls far astray of its much better contemporary .
this depicts the funnest war ever fought , with the first hour and a half devoted to romance and good times .
when we finally see some battle , it is lame : an enemy plane flies over ?
shoot it down ( in one shot ) .
sniper in the tree ?
kill him before he gets a shot off .
enemy soldiers in the woods ?
not to worry , they gladly surrender .
ho-hum .
tepid , turgid , predictable ...

-1
this short starts off with some promise , but sadly goes downhill quite fast .
in the beginning , we see the `` baby `` stan laurel sitting in a high chair , fighting with his older brother ( who , oddly enough , looks like a young oliver hardy ) at the dinner table .
seeing a full grown stan acting like , and dressed up as , a baby in a bonnet and spit curl is quite amusing .
baby stan flings a spoon full of food toward his big brother , and the brother responds by throwing him into a laundry bag that is taken to the chinese laundry .
the movie continues with stan all grown up , working at the chinese laundry as a fellow called sum sap .
most of the gags and plot ( if you can call it that ) fall flat .
the most amusing gags are when stan tries to get into the bunk bed in the room he shares with several people .
in typical stan laurel fashion , he makes the simple task of getting into bed look like a nearly impossible feat .
once he 's finally on his top bunk , he lays down and moments later gets high on the opium the fellow beneath him is smoking .
he jumps buildings and floats around chinatown , chasing after his hallucination of the china girl .
but even those gags lack the humor stan would perfect in later years .
he manages to make the tong angry with him , and tries to escape using not-so-clever disguises .
one would think the master of comedy would make this scenario hilarious , but dear stan unfortunately fails to deliver .
everything after the opium scene is darn near excruciating to watch .
it 's almost a relief when the end comes ( he marries his china girl and is reunited with his real , rich family ) .
it pains me to give such a low rating to a stan laurel film , but it is a terribly dull short and would only be of interest to die hard stan laurel and l & h fans .
3/10 .
sorry stanley : ( .

-1
compared to the industries in hollywood and germany , precious few british films from the silent era have been preserved and deemed worthy of study .
the pleasure garden would probably have been consigned to the dusty bin of obscurity , were it not for its being the debut of one alfred hitchcock .
hitchcock was of course destined for greatness , so this picture inevitably gets scrutinised for hints of said greatness , or at least traces of .
a point-of-view shot of the legs of a chorus line in the opening scene is often referenced as an example of such , a bit of pure voyeurism that is at odds with the moralist plot line .
a slightly more point-of-view shot occurs when a pickpocket eyes up virginia valli 's handbag .
hitchcock was clearly interested from the beginning by the idea of putting the audience in the place of a character , and the latter example helps to tell the story visually , but it is of little long-term value .
neither the thief nor the become established characters , so there is really no need for us to `` become `` them .
the way these early scenes are shot may be aimed to cut down on the intertitles by conveying the story visually .
you see , during his apprenticeship hitchcock had done some art direction work on der letzte mann , a picture best known for containing no intertitles whatsoever except one at the beginning and one near the end .
while the resultant excess of technique is in fact more distracting than title cards , the idea obviously fired the young hitch 's imagination .
to avoid having to `` tell `` , he goes to somewhat forceful lengths to `` show `` .
then again , it could just be because the 26-year-old director really liked to look at women 's legs .
but after those showy opening sequences , the pleasure garden gets bogged down in a series of `` talking `` scenes .
by contrast the interaction here is shot rather flatly , and there are suddenly lots of intertitles .
this middle section of the picture is incredibly slow and boring .
the plot is muddied by a lack of well-defined , memorable characters and the fact that the two female leads look very similar is especially confusing .
in the melodramatic climax there are some vague attempts at psychological manipulation , with a few close-ups of a menaced valli , but it 's too little too late .
the pleasure garden is full of tricks , many of which can be seen as corresponding to the technique of the later hitchcock -- `` god `` shots , point-of-view shots , close-ups to focus us on a particular object .
but these are all things any monkey could pick up after hanging around a few film sets , and the director does not yet know how to put them to best use .
the pleasure garden may pique the interest of hitchcock completists , but other than that it is simply dull .

-1
there are a number of reasons for wanting to like this movie .
there are indeed some moments of inspired slapstick and larry semon deserves his dues for daring to take the story into new directions .
but , uh , good luck reminding yourself of this as you try to sit through the movie .
some boys play with electric trains to feel like big men , semon played with l frank baum 's novel and a film camera and then sought to inflict this film upon cinema-goers when it seems to have been made solely to amuse himself .
yes , semon does some fine physical comedy .
giving credit where it 's due , his looseness and comic ` ' contain elements that will later be part of ray bolger 's performance in the celebrated 1939 film adaptation of this story .
unfortunately , semon 's enthusiasm is effectively much of this film 's problem .
the movie strings together slapstick moments , a story about dorothy being a kidnapped and relocated princess of oz , a perverted uncle , a black farmhand , and a convoluted set of scenes with a grandfather reading the oz story to his granddaughter and presenting the story .
all these ideas that may seem inspired in isolation are not presented in any coherent form here , and the movie comes across as a contrived attempt at a star vehicle for semon .
yes , every film adaptation of a story will make departures from the original material .
however , if other films put a few dents and dings in baum 's novel , this one smashed it into semon 's oncoming ego .
watch it for historical interest , see oliver hardy developing the characteristics that would become legendary in his partnerships with stan laurel , chuckle at the occasional stunts and pratfalls , but do n't expect to be too impressed ... or know what the hell is going on

-1
`` womanhandled `` stars richard dix as manhattan playboy bill dana ( no relation to the 1960s tv comedian of that name ) .
while visiting central park , he rescues bratty little percival ( eli ) from the lake -- some nice location shooting here -- and then he meets the boy 's aunt : the blonde and beautiful molly ( esther ralston ) .
striking up a conversation with molly , bill mentions that his uncle lester owns a ranch out west .
this leads molly to believe that bill is a rootin ' - tootin ' westerner ... and she 's impressed .
of course , bill does n't set her straight on her mistake .
this being a very contrived comedy , bill goes out west to wind river , texas , hoping to get some genuine cowboy experience so he can impress molly .
at uncle lester 's ranch , he discovers that all the cowboys have left to get jobs in cowboy movies ( which pay better ) , and taken their horses along .
bill and lester manage to round up a few nags ( with clearly visible ribs ) and a few two-legged varmints to play cowboy .
comic actor tammany young looks absolutely hilarious in an ill-fitting cowboy get-up .
bill 's got some cowboys , he 's got some horses .
now he needs indians .
bill prevails upon the african-american laundress and her family to slap on some and pretend to be red this point `` womanhandled `` enters the delirious realm of double-decker racial stereotypes .
there 's some `` `` dialogue in the intertitles while these stereotypical blacks impersonate stereotypical amerindians .
of course , bill says that they 're blackfeet .
just when bill is all set to play cowboy , suddenly molly shows up with her bratty nephew and her strait-laced aunt clara in tow .
this is a pretty good set-up for a comedy , but after setting up its premise the film dissolves into dumb jokes .
gregory la cava , an expert comedy director , is saddled with poor material here .
there 's some ` book-end ' material at the start and close of the movie , involving a couple of comical tramps who live in central park .
i really dislike it when humour is at the expense of homeless people .
i 'll rate `` womanhandled `` 3 points out of 10 .

-1
the first 30 minutes of this buster keaton film are some of the stupidest he ever made , at least from what i 've seen .
i do n't blame him ; this is the film world where even since this period - around 1920 - marriage is always trivialized and people are always lying .
why was that so frequent in classic movies , in particular ?
it 's disgusting .
here alfred `` battling `` butler , a spoiled rich young man - in order to keep his girl - lies about being the lightweight boxing champion of the world , because that guy , who has the same name as him , is a hero and he wants to impress her and her big brother and big father .
he wants to marry her right away because she 's pretty and she consents as soon as she hears he 's a big shot .
boy , those are great reasons for marriage !
after the quickie marriage , buster heads off for training camp for his supposed title defense against the `` alabama murderer . ``
later , the real `` battling butler , `` to do the impostor a favor and save his marriage , lets him be the real thing and fight while he retires .
the training - and the first real laugh of the film - is n't until mark when buster begins training and ca n't get over the ropes .
he is helpless outside and inside the ring as it turns out .
the training escalates as buster begins the next day ... but he is n't up to training or fighting or any of this .
fortunately , a big twist occurs late in the movie which saves buster from going into the ring , although the little man does save his honor after he fights the real `` battling butler . ``
i would agree with the critics on this one : it 's far from buster 's best work .

-1
`` 45 minutes from hollywood `` aspect ratio : 1.33:1 sound format : silent ( black and white - short film ) a naive country boy ( glenn tryon ) arrives in hollywood and gets mixed up in robbery and chaos at a posh hotel .
the first pairing of laurel and hardy in a hal roach comedy short , though neither of them appears in the same scene ( stan 's footage has faded badly over the years ) .
top-billed tryon does his best with the flimsy scenario , which substitutes frantic farce for genuine wit , as our hero is mistaken for a robber dressed in drag ( yep , it 's that kinda movie !
) and chased hither and yon by house detective ollie .
the comedy is fast-paced and beautifully timed though not especially memorable , and the film survives as little more than a record of l & h 's earliest pairing .
theda bara and the hal roach bathing beauties make brief cameo appearances .
directed by fred .

-1
he 's almost completely forgotten today , but for a couple of years in the mid-1920s glenn tryon was one of several comedians hal roach signed up and tried to boost to stardom , following the departure of harold lloyd from his studio in 1923 .
roach 's would-be stars of the period included clyde cook , snub pollard , jimmy finlayson , tyler brooke , will rogers and stan laurel .
rogers would n't fully achieve movie stardom until talkies came along , while laurel , of course , was n't a major star until he teamed with oliver hardy in 1927 .
meanwhile , however , there was glenn tryon .
i 've watched three of the guy 's comedies and frankly i can see why he did n't exactly set the world on fire .
he was handsome in a fey sort of way , resembling bob cummings with a hint of billy haines .
in later years tryon was a writer and director , and i do n't know if he contributed any ideas to the comedies he made at the roach studio , but his material is distinctly weaker than the average roach product from the same period , more like imitation mack sennett than the comparatively subtle , comedy we expect from this studio .
in two of the tryon shorts i 've seen , `` along came auntie `` and this one , the opening scenes are promising but comic invention soon flags , at which point the plot is thrown out the window and the actors just chase each other around and indulge in tiresome fist-fights .
tryon seemed to have a penchant for dressing up in ladies ' clothing but was n't especially funny when he did so , and his comedies also featured risquã© situations that could get pretty vulgar .
`` 45 minutes from hollywood `` is better remembered than tryon 's other efforts not because it 's good ( it is n't ) but because of the supporting cast .
the opening sequence introduces our hero as a rural boy named orville who is sent to hollywood with his sister and grandpa to make a mortgage payment on their property .
why hollywood ?
why not , say , duluth ?
because they do n't have movie stars in duluth !
we 're set up to expect a satire on the motion picture capital as grandpa excitedly reads a movie magazine and anticipates meeting gloria swanson , pola negri , etc . .
the eager trio have some difficulty making their train on time , but then poor grandpa is unceremoniously dumped from the train and left behind .
when orville and his sister arrive at their destination we are treated to a fascinating , action-packed , surreal image of `` hollywood -- a quiet morning `` featuring a stunt man dangling from a plane while animated elephants and dinosaurs cavort in the background .
the process work is n't very good , even for the period , but the bit is charming nonetheless and whets our appetite for more fun scenes .
next , orville and his sister take a ride on a double-decker bus as the conductor points out various stars visible on the sidewalk : the our gang kids , the hal roach bathing beauties , and the one and only theda bara , seen in a brief snippet from her concurrent comedy `` madam mystery . ``
unfortunately , this is where the story takes a wrong turn and never recovers .
orville gets involved with some crooks who have robbed a bank and winds up at a nearby hotel with one of the hold-up men , who is inexplicably dressed in drag .
the crook knocks orville out and switches clothes with him , and upon awakening the bewigged orville spends way too much time trying to elude a hotel detective , who is played by oliver hardy .
hardy manages to elicit more laughter with a couple of eloquent facial expressions than tryon earns with all his mugging and dashing about , but it 's a losing battle .
the last portion of the film substitutes non-stop fighting for any real comedy , topped by a closing gag in very poor taste .
it may as well have been set in duluth after all .
there 's one more surprise , however : during the extended at the finale some of the players tumble into a room inhabited by a mustachioed character identified as a `` starving actor , `` sitting up in his bed .
underneath that mustache is stan laurel , and although he and ollie have no scenes together this marks their first appearance together at the roach studio , where they would soon produce their great comedies .
that 's the one minor claim to fame held by this otherwise forgettable , disappointing little movie .
as for glenn tryon ... well , nice try .

-1
this is definitely a `` lesser known `` comedy short from the 1920s .
the only reason i saw it was because it was on a dvd by kino films featuring and hardy shorts featuring ollie .
they are interesting and historically important , but also generally average to below average for the style film .
compared to shorts by chaplin , keaton , arbuckle and lloyd , they are definitely a step below them in quality and humor .
also , the accompanying music was pretty poor by the standards of other silent dvds .
i ended up turning off the sound due to the inappropriateness of the music to set the proper mood .
but , despite this , they are still worth seeing .
interestingly enough , the kino dvd box said that stan laurel played a robber who was in drag .
this character was not laurel , but he was the guy in the end of the film who was sleeping when everyone suddenly barged in and began hitting each other .
and , unfortunately , this is about the tone of the whole film -- people hitting each other .
it 's a good example of slapstick with no regard whatsoever for plot .
despite the direction the film initially takes ( about a rip to hollywood ) , this is quickly forgotten and it 's just mindless slapping and pratfalls .
you can certainly find better shorts from this era .

-1
the print illustrated here is neither fish nor foul .
it is neither the original version of `` metropolis `` released in 1927 , nor the version unearthed in buenos aires in 2008 , nor apparently any other version described in the wikipedia article on the film .
coming in at just under two hours , a number of the original subplots have thankfully been omitted .
the musical accompaniment here works well enough , but it is by serge prokofiev instead of by the rather less well known gottfried huppertz , who composed the original soundtrack .
regardless of what version we have here , the plot is -- let 's admit it , shall we ?
-- an embarrassing muddle .
lang himself disparaged his own film .
it can hardly be a positive recommendation that goebbels loved it when it was released and that the nazis later co-opted the theme of the workers ' struggle against the ruling class spun out in this simple morality play .
the acting has all the subtlety of an 1870 melodrama or grand opera by , but if you hunger to watch a female android perform the at the front of a worker 's uprising , well , you 've come to the right place .
except for a pioneering use of models , the production values of this film appear to have progressed little beyond what d.w. griffith accomplished a decade earlier in `` the birth of a nation `` and `` broken blossoms . ``
and the vision of the future seen in `` metropolis `` and so beloved by sci-fi enthusiasts ?
it may be prescient for its reliance on bauhaus and art deco design , but it is pretty much hopeless for everything else .
the airplanes , automobiles , formal dress , and dance styles of 2026 are all straight from the 1920 's .
chemistry and electric generators , just beginning to give way to physics , electronics , and biotech in the 1920 's , are seen as still governing science and industry a century later .
finally , the quality of the `` restored authorized edition `` seen here is poor .
it should be 16mm film , but when viewed on a computer it lacks clarity and definition .
every film lover should see the classic silent films at least once .
it 's part of a general education .
i 'm just not sure that every film lover needs to see this version of `` metropolis `` right now .

-1
goebbels had lousy taste in films .
this is routinely cited as a big important film , and if reduced to iconic images , it probably is .
but as something i had to sit through , it was torture .
the acting is hopeless unless you 're a fan of the `` act with your eyes `` school of the overly dramatic .
the music was standard orchestra fare with no defining theme .
just the same kind of boring old crap you 'd hear on early looney tunes .
but the biggest offense is the plot .
workers rise up against the industrialists and in order to really drive their point home -- abandon their children and then flood ( ?
) their part of the city .
brilliant .
why flood ?
who the hell knows .
looked cool i guess and the lame cardboard city models would have gone up too fast if they 'd used fire .
none of the action is remotely logical .
like maria showing up with all those dirty school children in the middle of some `` club of the sons `` sex party .
huh ?
or fredersen 's plan to send a robot chick to foment rebellion among his workers instead of , you know , getting rid of their leader ( maria ) and arresting the other ringleaders .
said robot chick is apparently whipping up the workers into a froth by day and stripping at some swanky club by night .
which has the result of turning the industrialists against each other ( in some of the silliest fistfights ever put on film ) which advances 's plan how again ?
the storyline is absurd and used to drive set pieces , nothing else .
90mins , , , does n't matter .
there is no length that would fix the dimwitted writing ( courtesy of lang 's wife who went on to join the nazi party in 1933 ) .
like so many of today 's bloated fx extravaganzas , metropolis has nothing to say , no story to tell , no reason to be remembered beyond the classic images .
so do n't go in expecting a narrative masterpiece .

-1
the movie was a waste of two and half hours .
the acting was terrible , the film was too long , and the story was not original .
american film editors had the right idea to shorten the film to an hour and a half when it first screened in the states .
they cut out some key scenes due to the hay 's censors , but they could have left those key scenes in about the robot and still shorten the film .
the plot was not strong enough to captivate the audience for that long .
the plot love triangle plot and the ideal of utopia are so over done .
the only thing that was semi entertaining was science fiction aspect of the film .
the underground subspecies of humans working in unison in the hidden factor city and the look of the city above made the movie slightly bearable to watch .
the thing that made the film a deal breaker was the female lead .
her acting was horrific .
german expression from of acting was jerky and over exaggerated , but she took to an extreme .
even when brigitte helm was the sweet angelic maria she did n't portray compassion and honesty .
the only thing that she did well was make all the characters she portrayed different so the audience could distinguish between them .
the final scene the completely destroyed the film was lustful dance sequence when the inventor first debuted the robot maria .
the whole scene was the represented the seven deadly sins , but it was entirely too long .
the entire scene consented of the men 's reactions to her dancing .
the whole film focused entirely too much on character reactions .
someone would say something and the camera would immediately have a close up person 's face they were speaking to .
the director did n't leave anything for the audience to interpret for themselves .

-1
an interesting piece of film history but not a very entertaining one .
the novelty of being the first sound film having worn off , this movie truly does n't have much to offer .
al jolson stars as jack robin , the son of a jewish cantor , who leaves home to become a broadway entertainer .
this storyline was not much more than an excuse to fill the picture with musical numbers , and even most of those seem bland by today 's standards .
there are a few good moments , thanks for the most part to jolson 's performance .
in one touching scene , robin serenades his mother with the song `` blue skies . ``
this scene contains the only real dialogue in the movie , which just makes the rest of the film seem that much more flat .
jolson definitely has the charm and acting chops of a leading man .
he could carry a film if it was worth carrying .
unfortunately , this one was n't .

-1
yikes , this film is hard to sit through .
the only thing `` the jazz singer `` has going for it is its historical importance as the first feature-length film to include moments of spoken dialogue .
but beyond that , it 's pretty dreadful stuff , boring , overly sentimental , not creative in the least .
al jolson is a winning performer , and it 's especially the talkie moments that let his persona shine , but there are very few of those , and the rest of the film is a paced story about his character 's conflict between the world of show business and the traditional jewish heritage of his parents .
compare this film to others that came out in the same year -- like f.w . murnau 's exquisite `` sunrise `` or chaplin 's `` the circus `` -- and you 'll be sorry that the birth of such an important technology was wasted on such an otherwise forgettable movie .
grade : d

-1
alright , im not trying to be an asshole or anything , im sure it was a great undertaking for the time .
but to be honest , i have seen this movie about a hundred times already , in other movies .
simple plot line , very long run time .
its kind of going back to that theory that there are only two types of stories , comedies and tragedies and that every story now has already been told .
gloria gaynor looks like she is wearing a terribly made hairpiece throughout the whole movie .
oh lets talk about things i did like about it ... i did like how they did the matte liked the drunken piglet scene , and the sets they had up for the carnival were pretty cool .

-1
the hollywood producer sam goldwyn had a greta garbo complex : for well over a decade , he made repeated attempts to find some exotic european actress whom he could lure to hollywood and mould into the next garbo .
he brought several would-be to hollywood , but none of them ever clicked .
the least unsuccessful of these was anna sten , who was pretty and somewhat talented but definitely no garbo .
several years after sten 's career failed to take off , goldwyn was still importing new garbo wanna-be 's ... with the result that one of them became known as `` goldwyn 's last sten `` .
` v ' is intended as a starring vehicle for anna stein ; she is pretty and personable here , but hardly a great actress .
yakov is a poor sharecropper who comes back from the war and marries his childhood love , the illiterate peasant girl maria ( sten ) .
when yakov tries to lease an acre of land from the local nobleman ( a baron who is literally a land baron ) , the baron rents to yakov and maria the acre which is at the very bottom of his valley ... so it is full of all the boulders and stones which have rolled down both sides of the hill .
when yakov falls behind on the rent , the baron forces maria to come to his estate and work as a for his adult daughter anya .
still working the farm , yakov sends letters to his illiterate wife , telling her how terrible things are .
maria asks anya to read the letters for her .
anya wants to keep maria with her on the manor , so she maliciously deludes maria ... pretending to read the letters aloud but actually inventing new text in which yakov reports that everything is down on the farm .
eventually anya 's husband tries to rape maria .
when she defends herself , the baron and his household close ranks round his son-in-law ( ca n't have any scandal , you know ) , and maria is falsely denounced as a prostitute .
when the news reaches yakov , will he still love her ?
when i saw this movie , i understood ira gershwin 's line about `` more skies of grey than any russian play `` .
this is a russian soap opera , full of gloom and doom and mutterings .
sten 's performance is good , but nowhere near garbo 's standards .
the actor who plays yakov is good , although he overdoes his peasant get-up .
mikhail markov is excellent as the baron .
the actor playing the son-in-law is competent , whilst the actress portraying anya overacts horribly .
much of the content is intended as communist propaganda : we 're clearly meant to see how terrible things ** used to be ** in russia during the bad old days of the white russian aristocracy .
there are some beautiful exterior shots in this movie , and the lighting and art direction are excellent .
i wish that the various talents involved in this film had been able to collaborate on better material .
i 'll rate this movie 3 points out of 10 .
pass the borscht , comrade .

-1
i was prepared to hate this film as much as i hated another film he produced , but it was not quite as bad .
in this film , harry is a and is sentenced to perform his wife 's duty .
she puts on a coat and tie , but it also wearing a skirt .
harry should have been allowed to wear long pants under his apron .
being kissed by a repo and ice man , he decides to kill himself .
he then changes his mind .
only his wife does n't know that .
she brings the girls from work home to see just how his wife is doing that .
however , the wife does not find him .
one of her friends finds a suicide note by an overturned bottle of poison .
they decide to leave and the wife cries .
in fact , she looks kind of scary as the mascara runs .
later his mother-in-law reassures her that she bets harry will turn out very much alive .
after some scenes involving a golf game and several girls in bathing suits playing elsewhere in the park ( at least some of this should have been cut ) , he winds up covered in flour back at his house .
the mother-in-law sees him screams and runs out .
the wife , however , is glad to see him again and that provides a happy ending , which is why i give it a `` 3 `` instead of a `` 2 `` like his other film from this period .

-1
for most of it 's length , this is a magnificently dull film .
it has literally nothing to recommend it at first to anyone who actually expects entertainment from it .
jeanne of arc is a fascinating character , but , frankly , showing a lot of pompous jurors and other court asking her questions and her just staring forward like a deer in headlights just does n't work .
it is true that some skill emerges if you wait long enough ( the torture device , the revolt ) but , frankly , i think it is a big mark against this film that we never see joan doing any of the things that made her the important figure she is ( lifting the siege at orleans would have been nice , even if just in flashback for a few seconds ) an insane person no doubt would be able to stand up to torture if they think they are in the right , so it weakens the image of jeanne .
i am not altogether sure that the revolt at the end was even real , and i am dead sure there are a lot of in it .
that , to me , means the movie is tarnishing jeanne 's name with a propaganda slant .

-1
after years of hearing this film praised to the skies , i finally got to see this last night , thanks to our buddies at tcm .
for the benefit of you budding actors , the following is a blow-by-blow account of maria falconetti 's portrayal of joan of arc , considered by many critics to be the greatest performance in the history of film : goes into mode .
then cries .
goes into i 'm - mode .
then cries .
goes into zombie mode .
then cries .
goes into bobbing head doll mode .
then cries .
repeats modes like a broken record .
then cries .
a lot .
joan of arc was a female george patton , someone who knew how to kick ass and take names .
falconetti 's joan is a blubbering wack job no one would follow into a pillow fight !
oddly , the only time falconetti stops the blubbering wack job bit is when joan is about to be burnt to a crisp .
the ending is a stupefying orgy of violence and bizarre camera angles .
there is even a shot of a baby nursing , complete with full-frontal boobie !
and the guy in the mountie get-up lording over joan 's execution is a hoot !
where i can score some of that crack carl theodor dreyer was smoking ?

-1
laurel & hardy play vaudevillians headed to their next gig in another town who must deal with the cramped conditions of a railroad sleeping berth .
many fans consider this film , their second sound short , to be their worst short .
i have to agree with them .
there simply is n't much too this film .
the train station opening is n't particularly inspired , although their exchange with the stationmaster is amusing .
the main problem is with the main action .
there is simply too much of the boys trying to get undressed and comfortable in the upper sleeping berth .
the sequence is probably hurt by the script -- or lack thereof .
without any memorable dialogue , we are simply left with general whining and complaining .
there were better possibilities .
early in the film , the boys inadvertently set off an avalanche of tit-for-tat violence and retribution .
unfortunately , after they initiate it , they leave it and we only get to see the repercussions of it at the end .
laurel and hardy were masters of that form of stylistic violence -- as evidenced in `` two tars , `` `` big business , `` and `` tit for tat . ``
i would have preferred more jacket ripping and less feet in the face .
that said , the film is n't a total waste .
watching it now on the newly-released `` the essential laurel & hardy , `` did bring some smiles since i never really sought it out since i originally saw in the 1970s , it did have the benefit of being somewhat fresh to me .
still , it is not one of their better shorts .

-1
most of the time criticism about film remakes will usually run to ` not as good as the original ' and most time it is n't .
in this case the 1953 remake of this story that henry king did starring tyrone power was miles superior to this early sound feature .
later on victor mclaglen got back to colonial india in better features like gunga din and wee willie winkie also for john ford .
the only distinction this film has is it is john ford 's first talkie and it 's a good thing someone decided to give him another chance .
neither film is true to the original novel by talbot mundy .
this version takes place on the eve of world war i as the famed scottish black watch regiment is in their mess having a last blowout before leaving for the front .
during the course of the good times , captain victor mclaglen is sent for .
he 's been brought up in india , knows hindustani , , and all the languages of that key area of the khyber pass .
they 've got an assignment for him .
he 's to let it get around that he used some pull to get that transfer to india so that folks will think him a coward .
then when he gets to india with the rumors flying , he 's to desert and infiltrate the camp of a nasty group of rebels who are being led by a white princess , played by myrna loy .
so with trusty moslem aide mitchell lewis , mclaglen does just that and of course loy falls for him in just about the same way that madeline kahn fell for cleavon little in blazing saddles .
in fact this film did n't need john ford , it could have been a mel brooks triumph if it had been worked right .
but it was n't a comedy , or at least an intentional one .
by the way loy is a descendant of alexander the great and because she was white it would be ok for mclaglen and her to do some kanoodling .
got to think of that southern market .
she 's also got roy d'arcy and walter long in her camp panting good and hard after her also , but when she sees mclaglen , it 's just like little and kahn .
by the way , i could n't quite figure out what these rebels were .
they seemed to have aspects of both the moslem and hindu religion there .
certainly in islam you would n't have a woman at the head of things in what is a traditional islam movement .
i attribute that to incredibly sloppy research .
john ford gets his innings in during the scottish mess hall scenes at the beginning and end of the film .
otherwise you 'd hardly know it was a film of his .
and the biggest story of the film is the early sound recording picked up mclaglen saying loy 's character name of as yes , minnie .
purportedly they edited it out because of the hoots it got during the premiere .
i did hear one come out of mclaglen and it could have been a yes , minnie .
myrna and her friends thought it was hilarious for the next 64 years of her life , her good friends called her minnie .
john wayne and randolph scott are supposed to be extras in this and they could have been .
but i searched in vain for them .
better their names not be attached to this one .

-1
it 's the big new years day football game and they bring on lefty phelps to stir everything up .
he does so by running the wrong way and scoring a winning touchdown for the other team , which means that everywhere he goes everyone laughs at him .
the first person he meets that does n't ( or rather does , but takes it back ) is a marine corps flight instructor , panama williams , and so lefty signs up for the marines .
from then on , we get the same old marine story that we 've seen many times before , with most of the same twists and very few differences .
there 's hope , there 's failure , there 's adventure , there 's redemption , there 's a love triangle .
what there is n't is anything new .
the last one of these i saw was the flying fleet , also from 1929 , which is an obvious comparison as it is n't far off being exactly the same film .
the chief difference is that the flying fleet was made with the sanction of the us navy , making it a lot more authentic if a little more like a hiring commercial .
it also provided a lot more planes and a lot more aviation sequences , which can hardly hurt a film like this .
there was also a major star , ramon novarro , along with anita page as the love interest and a young man called ralph graves .
in flight we have ralph graves too , as the main character lefty phelps , and he co-wrote the story too .
given that the flying fleet came out in january and flight in december , it would appear that graves merely rewrote the script from the earlier film to make his own , the only real addition being the whole wrong way corrigan bit .
this was actually inspired by a college football player roy , whose own famous wrong way run was in the 1929 rose bowl on new year 's day , meaning that graves was n't even subtle enough to vary the details .
given that corrigan 's famous flight was in 1938 , when he flew from new york to ireland instead of long beach , maybe he took inspiration from this film !
certainly it would appear that his wrong way flight was deliberate , whatever he might have said officially .
the most obvious thing about this film is that it would have made a much better silent film than a sound film , hardly something unusual in 1929 when the studios were getting used to the new technology .
both the leads had long careers in the silents ( holt was even one of the founders of the academy ) , but those careers foundered in the sound era because neither of them were any good with their voices .
they looked the part all right but sounded all wrong : not just their tones but their inflections and everything else .
they would have sucked royally on radio and they could n't survive long in sound film .
both of them would be back in planes again , and zeppelins too , for capra 's dirigible in 1931 , but that had a different plot at least and is far superior .
i have n't yet caught submarine , the first of the three films they all made together ( graves , holt and capra ) but it would be interesting at least as it 's a silent .
anyway lefty fails miserably as a student pilot , but stays in the marines through panama 's influence and becomes his mechanic .
they go off to nicaragua to fight the rebels , and of course elinor murray , the girl they both love , finds her way there too as a nurse , meaning that the whole love triangle gets a chance to come to a head .
no , this one is not particularly subtle in the slightest , and in fact gets embarrassingly unsubtle more than a few times .
you could write the rest of the story yourself .
if i had n't seen the flying fleet , i 'd have thought a lot more of this one , though a lot more still does n't mean much in this instance .

-1
over the years , i have seen a lot of early sound films .
and so i understand that there were many limitations of these movies .
the camera was rather stationary because the sound equipment was so primitive -- so actors were stuck in one location in most shots .
the sound itself was also very tinny and often very difficult to understand .
the best example of this is the oscar-winning `` coquette `` .
while it 's a famous film with a big budget , the sound is just awful .
and , because it was a new medium , a lot of different stage acts were experimented with to find new sound stars .
because of all these factors , i am more charitable towards `` howdy , broadway `` than most folks would be .
i honestly feel that the average person would turn off this film after about 30 seconds at the most .
but , because of my love of this era , i kept watching -- even though , at times , it was painful .
the story is about a bunch of fun-loving college students -- you know , the ones in films who you never see going to classes .
in this case , they are busy with sports ( which you never actually get to see ) , hanging out in speakeasies and the opposite sex .
it 's all a very trivial sort of existence in this film -- all fun and games .
there are subplots involving two ladies in love with tommy ( why ?
) and ultimately ends , inexplicably , in a review on broadway ( though i suspect it was more likely in a sound stage ) .
so why , aside from the sound quality , is this a picture that would bore most people ?
well , the biggest reason is the god-awful singing of ruby .
she sings a few times and the songs were so high-pitched that i worried that my windows or glasses would crack !
i honestly can say that i have never heard such high-pitched singing in my life -- it was that painful to listen to .
and , i can completely understand why she never went on to become a star ! !
there 's also quite a bit of dancing in the film and , for the most part , this was actually pretty impressive .
i particularly liked watching the guy in the speakeasy -- he was great .
there was a bizarre dance ( if you can call it that ) that looked more like a contortionist act and it was so jerky and amateurish in its execution you marvel that it was n't edited out of the picture .
overall , the film has a plot that is pretty dull , horrible , god-awful singing and some nice dancing -- and certainly not enough to make this a film to seek out unless you are nuts ( like me ) .
do n't say i did n't warn you .

-1
historically speaking , this is a rather important film .
for mgm , it was their first talking picture that featured the sound being recorded optically on the film strip -- as opposed to their previous practice of recording the sound on a separate record .
the previous method was a mess , as synchronizing the film and music throughout the showing was difficult and the phonograph tended to wear out after only a few uses ( literally , a half dozen or less !
) .
so whether or not this is a great film or as good as the 1937 remake , at least it should be remembered for ushering a new era at the studio .
unfortunately , while the sound technology was a breakthrough the film 's sound was still very antiquated .
first , with all the early talkies the studio had n't figured out how to add sound to the finished product .
instead , they literally had an orchestra just off camera performing music live as the actors acted !
so , incidental music is mostly absent from these early films .
second , the style and delivery of the dialog in this film is very , very old fashioned .
the actors often and seldom sounded real .
instead , they sounded like stage actors -- and very bad ones at that .
third , microphones and recording equipment still were very poor -- and at times ( particularly when people are talking in the background ) it 's hard to hear what people are saying .
too bad this one is n't closed captioned ( at least this goes for the version shown on turner classic movies ) -- it would have made enjoying the film a bit easier .
as for the plot , well , it is also very old fashioned .
the story is pretty much the same as the 1937 remake -- and i hated the plot of the remake as well .
too much talking and some amazingly unbelievable plots make this a hard film to enjoy today .
after all , who would believe that when society people find out one among them is a lying thief that they decide to forgive the person and actually help them financially ? ! ?
so , this combined with the antiquated sound make for tough viewing .
of interest to film historians and die-hard cinemaniacs like me !

-1
the racketeer was destined to be one of carole lombard 's earliest sound films , it was done for pathe pictures with whom she was with in 1929 .
with the title it has , you might be thinking its a gangster flick , the kind warner brothers would soon be making .
if that 's what you think forget it .
this is one dull and plodding melodrama involving a love triangle between alcoholic violinist roland drew , gangster robert armstrong , and former society dã©butante carole lombard who left her husband and all his money for drew before the film began and is now tied to a drunk .
if you think you will see the bright comedienne of my man godfrey and so many films with fred macmurray , forget that also .
like just about everyone else at this time , lombard and the rest of the cast overact dreadfully .
i 'm surprised and she might have been also that she had a career and survived this film .
best in the cast is paul hurst who plays a beat cop , but is determined to bring in armstrong and displays some initiative and ruthlessness in trying to do just that .
like what the abbe said about the french revolution , carole lombard can state her major accomplishment from the racketeer is that she survived it .

-1
wow , was this version of the racketeer tough to watch !
while none of the other reviews have mentioned this , the public domain version i watched was seriously flawed .
the sound track was off by about 10 seconds -- meaning the dialog and action never came close to matching .
so , you 'd hear something occur well before you saw it -- a very confusing proposition !
the worst is where you hear a gun shot and only later doe the guy get hit and slump to his death in a taxi .
while this seriously marred the film , it also made concentrating on the dialog easier -- and showed the serious shortcomings of it as well .
the dialog was simply awful -- often delivered with almost no inflection or feeling .
as one review said , it was like watching a high school play .
part of this is understandable , as sound was a new medium , but this film 's dialog was bad even compared to other 1929 films -- really bad .
and , like many of these early sound films , the film was just too talky -- with sappy and overly melodramatic language and just not much action .
and you 'd think with a title like `` the racketeer `` that there would be some action ! !
however , it 's really a sappy romance -- with very little action .
the film finds carol lombard straddled with an alcoholic musician .
she herself ends up stealing to try to take care of him -- and the crook , robert armstrong , comes to her assistance .
when armstrong catches her cheating at cards , he covers for her and then helps the drunk brother to get on his feet -- and naturally he falls for her in the process .
the problem is that once the drunk sobers up , he , too , wants lombard and she needs to choose between them .
wow ... a recovering drunk or a mobster ... talk about a couple great prospects !
overall , it 's a bit hard to rate considering the lousy print i saw .
however , even if you ignore this , the film has a lot of problems due to its poor use of dialog and excessively talky nature .
and ... it was sappy too boot .

-1
`` the racketeer `` stars carol ( deprived of the `` e `` that usually appeared at the end of her first name ) lombard as a woman thrown out of society because she left her husband for a concert violinist ( roland drew ) who has since become a down-and-out alcoholic , and torn between her love for him and the interest of new york crime kingpin robert armstrong ( top-billed ) .
it 's virtually a compendium of what was wrong with the earliest talkies : stiff direction , immobile cameras , stagy acting and ridiculously slow-paced delivery of lines .
at the time the sound crews were telling the directors to have their actors speak every line s-l-o-w-l-y and not to start speaking their own line until after the previous actor had finished theirs .
done about five years later , this could have been an interesting movie , but director howard higgin faithfully follows his sound recorder 's dictates and systematically undercuts the talents we know lombard and armstrong had from watching their later movies .
`` the racketeer `` was made in 1929 , a year that despite the transition problems from silent to sound nonetheless gave us some legitimate masterpieces -- vidor 's `` hallelujah !
, `` mamoulian 's `` applause , `` wyler 's `` hell 's heroes , `` capra 's `` ladies of leisure `` -- all from directors with strong enough wills to tell the soundboard dictators to get stuffed and let their actors talk and act naturalistically .
too bad howard higgin was n't that strong ; as it is , watching a naturally rapid-paced actor like armstrong slog through the part in the ridiculous way he 's been told to speak , one ca n't help but wonder where that 50-foot gorilla is when armstrong needs him .

-1
many of the early `` talkies `` were very , very stilted and looked like stage productions .
typically , they had little action and people talked way too much -- trying to show off the latest innovation ( sound ) .
as a result , most of the early talkies were actually pretty poor films and tough to watch today .
this film is a wonderful example of an early lousy talkie .
richard dix is the only one in the film with any energy in his delivery .
otherwise , they all sound like they are in a high school play -- delivering stilted dialog in a very stilted manner .
and instead of acting to show the plot progressing , the actors just talked and talked and talked ! !
because of this i was bored stiff and really had to force myself to keep watching .
additionally , it was really hard to enjoy the film because the plot , up until the excellent ending , was terrible -- something that some chimps might be able to replicate or even surpass had they been allowed to write the movie ! ! !

-1
this slow-paced film is beautifully shot , and enhanced by the luminous presence of louise brooks ( as thymian ) , who makes a perfect cinematic illustration of innocence under attack .
but the direction is so heavyhanded that much of the message is dulled .
the chemist who preys upon thymian is shown to be an evil lout from his first closeup , so it 's hard to understand why she would ever talk to him .
the reformatory directors are sadistic caricatures , and thymian 's father and stepmother are exaggerated hypocrites .
the father 's acting does n't help , as it consists mainly of standing in symbolic poses .
( irritatingly , thymian never blames her father for his awful actions , only her stepmother .
) these choices make it hard to take much of the story seriously , although probably many of the events related are based on truth .
thymian herself can be frustrating to watch .
unluckily , and a bit absurdly , she tends to faint whenever she 's confronted with a sexual situation .
i assume this was the director 's way of making sure viewers did n't blame her for her `` fall , `` but perhaps there 's a more interesting freudian explanation .
fans will enjoy the scenes in the surprisingly benign whorehouse .
but unless you 're a louise brooks fan or a cinematography student , i ca n't recommend this melodramatic film .

-1
dw griffiths first sound film is a static laugh fest .
out dated when it was made the survives at all because there is something truly bizarre about walter huston 's lead performance ( his is the only performance in a film full of non performances ) .
he seems to think that lincoln was a goof ball and while on some level it 's a charming portrait its unlike anything i 've ever seen or read in a portrait of the 16th president .
( huston 's size also seems to vary from scenes to scene depending on the actors around him for a truly odd effect ) the rest of the film is a throw back to the cinema of a nation , with much of the scenes arranged in odd tableaux .
to be certain part of it maybe the uncertainty of early sound equipment , however the result is like watching stuffed animals in a museum .
the script is awful .
it zips through lincoln 's life faster then cliff notes pausing only for romance , jokes and the odd highlight .
only one scene works , lincoln 's legendary late night walking the halls of the white house .
its a sequence that is strangely poignant .
the rest of this film is like watching a bad road accident .
even allowing for the passage of 80 years i ca n't believe anyone ever took this film seriously .
it 's a turkey

-1
yes , you must have a strong constitution to sit through this film .
i like history and i like film history , so i was looking forward to finally seeing d.w. griffith 's sound production of the biography of abraham lincoln .
well , sorry , but even i have my limits .
this is a silent film with sound .
in other words , it may have dialog , but it 's so primitive and slow that it almost seems as if you 're watching a silent film ( yes , parts of the sound track are missing , but that did n't bother me ... the slow pace was tortuous .
it is clear that for 1930 , this was quite a production .
some scenes are so impressive ( such as the slave ship at the beginning of the film ) , while other scenes are so cheap as to be laughable ( such as the looking model of lincoln memorial at the end of the film ... why not just go film the real thing ?
) .
do yourself a favor , skip through the film with fast forward and stop every so often to get a little of the flavor of the film .
and of course , watch the assassination scene near the close .
then go get `` young mr. lincoln `` with henry fonda and `` abe lincoln in illinois `` with raymond massey .
while these films were about a decade later , it 's impressive how much film had matured in just a few years .

-1
having recently inherited an uncle 's large selection of silent films , i fell in love with silent diva corinne griffith .
i managed to see four of her silent films ( the divine lady , black oxen , the garden of eden , and classified ) and was totally astounded by her .
we are very fortunate that talkies did not come in earlier , for we would have never gotten a glimpse at some great artistry .
many people claim that a great many silent stars were not good enough actors to survive in talkies .
this is a shaky claim .
sound cinema and silent cinema are two totally different mediums .
acting techniques popular in the talkies would have not been effective in silent films .
hypothetically assuming that we had gone the other direction , from talking films to silent ones , it is quite legitimate to think that many talking stars would not survive in silent cinema : this is not , however , enough to claim they were not good enough at acting itself .
its just that they were not good at a particular type of acting .
case in point : back pay , a perfectly horrid vehicle for corinne griffith .
it is stiff and stagey , poorly acted by all involved ( especially the male lead ) , and preposterous .
griffith actually acts quite well in certain scenes , but not for the most part .
she plays hester , a woman who is board with her life and becomes the mistress of a big city magnate .
she leaves her true love , gerald , and when he goes blind in wwi , she realizes she loves him and decides to nurse him in his final days .
although remarkably short , ( only about 50 minutes ) , the film drags on and one feels as if gone with the wind had played five times by the time its over .
it is invaluable , however , as perhaps the best example of why some stars did n't make the transition to talking films .
see it , you 'll be happy you did just to get an idea of the times , but do n't go out of your way .
instead , see the divine lady , her best film , or the garden of eden , which has suddenly become easily available .

-1
this early talkie is hampered by an inadequate cast .
the story is similar to a lot of other precode movies - poor , small town girl leaves equally poor , small town , boy to go to big city to search for opportunities .
she becomes a mistress of a rich man and part of a set of whore like gold-diggers .
her new life actually seems pretty good .
she has a great apartment , her own stereotyped black maid to wait on her , lots of furs and jewelry .
and her life back home was pretty dreary - she lived in a boring , small town .
she had a dead end job in the local dept . store .
and she lived with her aunt who ran a boarding .
the big city seems a huge step up .
but of course , according to the morals of the film , she has erred .
the movie seems to take place in cars are all late 20 's vintage and the clothes are all stylish flapper stuff we are used to seeing in the movies of this time .
then the movie turns totally preposterous - it seems there is a war going on .
but where ?
in 1930 ?
what war ?
oh no .
this is world war 1 .
so the movie pretends the year is 1917 , even though we are clearly in 1928 or 1930 .
the heroine 's former small town beau is called to fight and he is wounded and she has to nurse him back ... you get the idea .
she learns and earns redemption .
she is played by corrine griffith who was a big silent star in her day .
her performance is inadequate at best .
you can see why she failed in talkies .
she speaks as if she has marbles in her mouth and the movie actually has the nerve to begin with her singing a song .
as if she is showing us the breadth of her talent .
the singing is so awful , that i can imagine , the audiences of the day , booing or laughing .
i ca n't believe it was n't cut .
the male lead grant withers is also pretty bad , but unfortunately , the movie rests on miss griffiths shoulders and she ca n't make it work .
this plot which was based on a fanny hurst story , was used in various forms in other pre codes and strong actresses like barbara stanwyck , ann harding , and many others , made them believable .
miss griffith did not succeed here .

-1
in the first decade or so of sound cartoons , studios tended to make their films with way too much singing and cuteness and way too little humor .
so , i do understand the context for `` barnacle bill `` ... but i also did n't need to like it , either .
the film is sung from start to finish and really lacks humor and entertainment value when seen today .
in fact , my score of 3 reflects the film when seen today -- perhaps back in 1930 it would have earned a 5 or 6 .
so is the film worth seeing ?
well , it all depends .
if you are a huge betty boop fan or are a big fan of early animation , it 's worth seeing -- as it 's one of the earliest incarnations of this and the bimbo character .
now it might be hard to see this as being betty at first -- she has long doggy ears and is animated in a stretched out manner .
bimbo also is very different .
as far as the story goes , well , there is n't much of one -- just lots of singing .
the only real plus does n't surprise me -- the background animations were first-rate -- which is what you should expect from a fleischer brothers cartoon .

-1
although this is done in english , there were many german actors in this early marlene dietrich `` talkie . ``
the first third of this film is so boring , i wonder how many first-time viewers would stick around to watch the whole thing ?
it 's not easy .
do n't expect a lot of dialog , either , because there are a lot of scenes of long silent pauses .
dietrich ( `` lola `` ) looked heavy to me , not the sexy marlene i know from subsequent '30s films , especially `` blonde venus `` which was done just two years later .
emil jennings plays a stuffy teacher who becomes enamored with this cabaret singer ( dietrich loved those roles !
) and gets his heart broken ( she liked to do that to men , too !
) .
all in all , too depressing a story to recommend , except to those sadistic viewers - and there are number of them out there - who enjoy seeing a person ( particularly a man ) mentally tortured .
for them , this movie is worth checking out .

-1
( spoiler included ) one reason that the blue angel remains as a classic may be the iconic posture of marlene dietrich : wearing a silk hat , sitting on a barrel , crossing her legs , and casting an upward glance .
the other may be that the film has established a prototype of a middle-aged male obsessed with a young female to ruin his life ( inherited to lolita ) , and male 's fantasy to be involved with a ( inherited to pretty woman and mighty aphrodite , among many others ) .
the story is poorly written with very little character development -- a professor and a showgirl impulsively get married , he becomes a clown in her troop , they go back to his hometown , and then he feels shame and commits suicide -- can we call it a story ?
on a technical side , editing is terrible : even in the 1930s , cutting between the shots with the same angles and compositions ca n't have any excuse .

-1
frantic soaper concerning a musical star on broadway who is on the verge of leaving show business behind for married life ; during her latest , police investigate a murder/suicide backstage .
hackneyed early talkie is too ambitious for its own good ( and attempts to pack too much plot into 70 minutes of running time ) .
dorothy mackaill does n't fire off many zingers in this one but , as always , she 's hypnotically fascinating .
mackaill may have become another bette davis had she hit hollywood just a few years later .
supporting cast and surrounding chaos do n't do dot justice .
* 1/2 from ****

-1
i will not involve myself in the debate over the socio-political implications of `` amos n ' andy . ``
my opinion will not change anyone else 's mind , and no one will change mine by using the term `` racist . ``
i feel the latter term is thrown around so much today that it has lost almost all meaning .
the `` amos n ' andy `` radio show held legions of fans for decades .
the tv show is fondly remembered by tens of thousands who were lucky enough to see it .
the reason for this is simple ; they made people laugh .
this movie , however , is a very poor example of the character 's work .
the main thrust of the plot is an uninteresting love triangle between a wealthy heiress , her jerk of a rich boyfriend and an old flame who has lost his wealth and is seeking to reclaim it .
although the movie is a comedy , none of these three characters are in any way funny .
amos n ' andy are secondary characters in the story .
this is the first blow to the story .
amos , andy and the kingfish carried their own stories for years , why should they play second fiddle to people we care nothing about ?
to make it worse , amos n ' andy 's involvement in the plot is painfully contrived .
the plots of the radio and tv shows were smooth and sensible ( for a comedy ) .
they worked because they did not have to be forced .
the plot of this movie , by contrast , seemed forced every step of the way .
copies of the amos n ' andy radio and tv shows are available for sale .
if one is willing to track them down they will provide a clear picture of why the characters were so successful .
this movie , by contrast , should be left to those who feel the need to own everything with the amos n ' andy name on it .

-1
up until recently , i had never heard of benny rubin .
however , i was able to download several of his rko comedy shorts for free at archive.org -- and was n't all that impressed with his very ethnic humor .
i was surprised to see only a week later that turner classic movies showed one of his films -- a very early color comedy from mgm .
because of my other experiences with rubin , i set my expectations very low !
benny shows up at a sanitarium where he meets with the doctor ( vernon dent ) .
lots of typical rubin verbal humor ensues .
then , one of the doctor 's assistants shows rubin around the place .
inexplicably , the place has a radio program ( ? ? ? ?
) and everyone around the place way overplays their crazy routines .
in the middle of this goofiness , a black man does a very strange dance routines that has nothing to do with the film nor does the subsequent musical number -- both of which are , apparently , part of the radio program .
like the other rubin films i saw , i just did n't like this one .
rubin 's verbal schtick just did n't appeal to me as it did n't seem funny .
the only things that made me laugh all happened in the final scene ( which was pretty cute ) .
not recommended unless you adore comedy .
by the way , the color appears to be a two-color process where an orange-red strip and a strip are overlapped on a black & white strip .
cinecolor and two-strip technicolor used this process and the film used the primitive technicolor print .

-1
the doorway to hell is yet another step up the ladder for james cagney as the brothers warner discover that the guy they signed for a one shot deal to repeat his stage role from penny arcade was in fact future star material .
he was certainly unlike some of the classical emoting stars from the silent period , unlike anything that ever had been on screen before .
lew ayres is the lead in this film , cagney 's his chief henchman .
ayres is an ambitious guy who 's determined to bring a little organization to the bootleg booze business in his city .
and then as soon as he gets it going , he quits .
he wants to spend time on the golf course and with his new wife .
the wife , dorothy matthews , is bored with early retirement mainly because she 's been two timing ayres with cagney and cagney 's not around .
the story is pretty silly in any number of ways .
first the various mob heads resent ayres taking over , then they resent when he leaves .
secondly , it 's not made clear at all why cagney is n't capable of running this thing by himself , he sure looks capable enough .
and the plot where two of the gangsters have the brilliant idea to kidnap ayres 's little brother from military school to bring him back is frighteningly stupid .
ayres , cagney , matthews and the rest muddle through this dumb mess .
ayres was already a star due to all quiet on the western front .
and cagney you had no doubt was going to be a star if the right vehicle was found for him .
even if cagney had been in ayres 's role , i 'm not sure the doorway to hell would have been it .

-1
the earliest sounds films tend to be weak , awkward , and more interesting for historical reasons other than entertaining .
this is a classic example .
`` feet first `` strikes me as quite weak , and harold lloyd is one of my all time favorites .
here , our man is a shoe salesman who tries to move up in his business .
the humor and gags drag like lead , and if you have this on dvd you will skip a number of scenes trying to get through it .
there is one mildly amusing moment where hl practices public speaking pounding his fists and waving his hands with a ridiculously pompous pontification `` if it were n't for shoes , we 'd all be -- barefoot ! ``
but things do n't get really funny or interesting until the scene reminiscent of safety last .
that 's well done .
as for willie `` sleep & eat `` best as the hapless janitor trying to help harold during his predicament , his character was way too stupid ( such as the `` hose scene `` ) and it is horrible to hear the beloved lloyd refer to this african-american comic as `` charcoal , `` ( especially when one considers that lloyd is usually kind and polite to black and other characters in his films ) .
admittedly , the fact that lloyd and best become equally scared at the sight of the gorilla ( as was the case with lloyd , sunshine sammy morrison , and the supposed ghosts in `` haunted spooks `` ) takes some of the edge off the stereotype .
in either case , this is only for hardcore harold completists .
casual fans will want to stick to grandma 's boy , safety last , why worry , etc . .

-1
wow , this is the most plot less of any of the cartoons i 've seen in the disney treasures dvd `` mickey in black & white , volume 2 `` .
the entire film consists of mickey standing on stage playing the violin !
that 's it !
as a result , it 's hard to like this one -- even if it is one of the few early mickey cartoons where you also get to hear him speak .
in this case , while the cartoon is only about 7 minutes long , it seems three times longer due to the total lack of anything interesting -- unless your idea of thrills is seeing mickey wildly playing the violin .
decent animation can not make up for the fact that this one is a big letdown .
dull and unappealing -- and this from a man who loves mickey !

-1
a few expressionist sets were the sole interest i found in this .
it 's very dated as is nearly everything from the thirties .
rico is a pretty flimsy character , and dumb psychology is threaded through each scene .
it 's amazing how inarticulate were in the thirties .
whether it 's rico standing up to give a speech and having zero to articulate , but nonetheless yammering on ; or fairbanks girlfriend who does n't understand the meaning of `` hurry ! ``
or , even dumber , she gets him shot .
( um , just leave the damned idiot behind , and let her take a bullet .
) how does a guy put himself in danger to save such a dummy , when she ca n't even figure out rudimentary survival ?
after rico goes into hiding , the movie realizes it does n't have an ending and comes up with the weakest climax i 've ever seen .
edward g. robinson has such a narrow range ( ` ' and ` extra ' ) that his performance is unintentionally funny .
all the clichã©d gangster lingo makes an appearance ; in my favorite scene characters toss projective tough-guy at each other ( `` maybe it 's like this ... see ! ``
) until i was laughing out loud .

-1
this early rko radio talkie begins with a scene introducing two incredibly naive juveniles whose unfortunate task is to present the exposition via some of the most obvious dialogue imaginable .
later scenes reveal better dialogue and acting , especially from director lowell sherman , a broadway veteran whose polished , dandified , debonair character uses his big eyes to punctuate his lines .
it 's all unbelievable and frightfully innocent , but there 's some good fun to be had .
the women 's frocks are particularly unfortunate .
but sherman 's performance saves this from being a complete .
his performance reminds one of warner baxter or william powell .
the film is based on the play crime by samuel shipman and john b. hymer .
it had a good run of 186 performances at the eltinge theatre in new york from february to august 1927 .
among the cast were sylvia sidney as annabelle and chester morris as rocky .
in 1938 , morris starred in a new film version called law of the underworld essaying the role of gene fillmore ( fenmore in the play and first film version ) .

-1
i was a bit surprised when i noticed that the leading man ( lawrence tibbett ) looked an awful lot like john c. reilly !
see for yourself .
`` new moon `` is an operetta starring two big-time opera singers of the era , tibbett and grace moore .
in many ways it 's a lot like a jeanette macdonald and nelson eddy film , though moore and tibbett clearly had stronger voices and were singers first and movie stars second .
now i must admit that i hate films with this sort of singing and why i decided to see this film escapes me !
on an ocean voyage during the latter days of czarist russia , the lieutenant ( tibbett ) meets the princess ( moore ) .
despite the huge disparity in their social classes , the two quickly fall in love .
however , when they reach port moore goes off with her fiancã© ( adolph menjou ) and seems to completely forget about tibbett ( what a creepy thing to do !
) .
clearly this lady is interested in marrying for money and prestige .
when the fiancã© meets the lieutenant , he decides to get him out of the picture and assigns him to a fort in the middle of nowhere -- and a very dangerous one at that .
and , moore does absolutely nothing -- again , it 's hard to like or respect her .
well , she actually does something -- she whips him in the face ! !
and , you wonder why the film will end with them falling in love for good as per the formula ) !
i agree with the other reviewer that felt that moore 's character was totally unlikable ! !
and , as a result , the film seems oddly unromantic and a bit silly .
but , being an mgm production , at least it looked nice and the singing , for what it was , was very good .
by the way , if you do see the film , get a load of the battle sequences , as they are surprisingly brutal .
i liked the guy hopping about on one leg during the height of battle .

-1
this early rko radio talkie begins with a scene introducing two incredibly naive juveniles whose unfortunate task is to present the exposition via some of the most obvious dialogue imaginable .
later scenes reveal better dialogue and acting , especially from director lowell sherman , a broadway veteran whose polished , dandified , debonair character uses his big eyes to punctuate his lines .
it 's all unbelievable and frightfully innocent , but there 's some good fun to be had .
the women 's frocks are particularly unfortunate .
but sherman 's performance saves this from being a complete .
his performance reminds one of warner baxter or william powell .
the film is based on the play crime by samuel shipman and john b. hymer .
it had a good run of 186 performances at the eltinge theatre in new york from february to august 1927 .
among the cast were sylvia sidney as annabelle and chester morris as rocky .
in 1938 , morris starred in a new film version called law of the underworld essaying the role of gene fillmore ( fenmore in the play and first film version ) .

-1
evelyn laye who was one of the great musical performers of the london stage made only a few films at this point of her career and this one being only one of two she did in hollywood .
later on as a character actress she did much work on the big and small screen .
this rather uninspired vehicle does afford one an opportunity to see her in her prime .
sam goldwyn who produced it knew he had a turkey on his hands , it is fairly obvious that a full musical score was written for this and numbers must have been cut right and left .
it did n't help too much .
the plot is similar to something laye 's american contemporary marilyn miller might have done on stage .
laye is a poor flower girl working in a theater in budapest .
the star lilyan tashman who is a wild child causes a riot and is ordered out of town .
laye agrees to go in her place and tashman decides to hide out .
but the local lord of the place she 's exiled to , count john boles who is also the police prefect is a bit of a rake and he 's planning a little fun and frolic because he 's heard of tashman 's reputation .
laye who really likes what she sees in boles is kind of torn as to how to behave , be her good girl self or be the party animal boles was expecting .
leon errol is in this film as laye 's friend and confidante and you know how bad the film is because errol 's famous drunk act takes up a lot more footage than normal .
leon errol was a fine performer , but not in the dose we got here .
errol 's comic relief becomes the show .
for those who like operetta even they will be bored with one heavenly night .
speaking of jeanette and nelson , evelyn laye was in the original cast of bittersweet on stage .
now if she had filmed that it would have been worth preserving .

-1
this original operetta was a flop in 1930 and still is , despite good production values ( no surprise , with goldwyn as producer ) a shimmering leading lady ( evelyn laye ) and a fun supporting turn by lilyan tashman .
the songs by clifford grey , herb nacio brown , edward and bruno are mildly pleasant , nothing more , and a musical with a boring book ( by sidney howard , of all people !
) needs superior songs to float , and these second - rate numbers do n't help .
finally the enterprise sinks completely during long and tiresome slapstick routines performed by leon errol .
sometimes the viewer wonders whether this production was meant to be a conventional operetta or a variety show .
john boles as the romantic lead exudes more energy than in his straight dramatic roles and sings well , but not often enough to put a dent in the tedium .
students of cultural history will find this film interesting as an example of why screen musicals became unpopular for a time .
it 's too bad laye had to be in a turkey for her american sound film debut .
she had everything it took to be a major player .

-1
in russia , irresponsible john gilbert ( as fedor aka ) becomes attracted to lovely eleanor boardman ( as lisa ) , but she is engaged to old school chum conrad nagel ( as victor karenin ) .
while they work out their sexual urges , mr. gilbert must also deal with an ongoing attraction to vagabond gypsies , especially alluring renã©e adorã©e ( as masha ) .
her parents steal a scene by picking gilbert 's pockets .
born to ms. boardman , an intriguing baby is seen only briefly .
this early `` talkie `` was planned as gilbert 's first feature in the popular new medium ; he reportedly detested the film , and release was delayed until after `` his glorious night `` ( 1929 ) .
`` redemption `` looks like they could not get it right .
this resulted in a second blow to gilbert 's film career .
*** redemption ( ) fred niblo ~ john gilbert , eleanor boardman , renee adoree , conrad nagel

-1
bill ( buddy rogers ) is sent to new york by his uncle ( richard tucker ) to experience life before he inherits $ .
his uncle has paid 3 women jacqui ( kathryn crawford ) , maxine ( josephine dunn ) and pauline ( carole lombard ) to chaperone him and ensure that he does not fall foul of gold-diggers .
one such lady cleo ( geneva mitchell ) turns up on the scene to the of the women .
we follow the tale as the girls are offered more money to appear in a show instead of their escorting role that they have agreed to carry out for the 3 months that bill is in new york , while bill meets with cleo and another woman .
at the end , love is in the air for bill and one other ... ... ... the picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film .
the story is interspersed with musical numbers but the songs are bad and kathryn crawford has a terrible voice .
rogers is n't that good either .
he 's pleasant enough but only really comes to life when playing the drums or trombone .
there is a very irritating character who plays a cab driver ( roscoe karns ) and the film is just dull .

-1
i compared the characters to cartoon characters because , well , they are as flat and dimensionless as cartoons !
george ( louis wolheim ) and boyd ( joel mccrea ) are both pugnacious who mostly spend their time talking about fighting and fighting .
their goal ( along with their wimpier partner ) is to open up a salmon cannery in alaska , but a one-dimensional baddie does everything he can to stand in their way -- resorting to violence and underhanded tricks to stop them .
it all just seemed very flat and unconvincing -- mostly because none of these characters have a lot of depth .
in addition , there are two women who are just gaga over boyd -- evelyn brent and jean arthur .
while boyd seems taken with the rich girl , the other lady is sweet and long-suffering -- helping boyd behind his back to be a success even though she knows boyd has chosen the other woman .
what a gal ... but again , a bit simplistic .
and , as far as arthur and mccrea are concerned , although they both went on to become major stars , this film seemed to do nothing to help in this process .
the film has few assets and mostly a relatively dull story .
but , you ca n't deny that the alaskan locations are just lovely -- and it 's almost worth seeing just to catch these glimpses of old-time alaska ... almost .
dull -- and this is a surprise , as louis wolheim was a very exciting and charismatic actor .
here , he just is n't used effectively , as his best characters were tough and sweet -- here he is n't given a chance to show off his sweeter side .

-1
marilyn miller made only three films before her untimely death - the marvelous sally ( 1929 ) , the comedy her majesty love ( 1931 ) and this trifle - sunny ( 1930 ) .
it is quite poor both as an early talkie and as an attempt at a musical - although she has four dance numbers , she only sings two songs ( who ?
and one man alone ) .
the rest of the score including the spritely title tune are jettisoned , although we can hear the latter in the background scoring .
miller looks overweight and amateurish here - no star quality at all .
even her dancing is .
the film is very badly written , stock full of stale and unfunny jokes and stupid situations .
if you 're interested in miller as a performer , by all means , check it out , but for general entertainment , stay away .

-1
ronald colman is dreadfully miscast , and far too old .
he is supposed to be in his early twenties .
at least as a teenager starting college ford had the good idea of showing only the back of his head throughout a long scene , but the result is dreadful , particularly as a middle - aged voice is coming out of this first year student 's invisible face .
gary cooper , who played opposite helen hayes the following year in farewell to arms would have saved this movie , for me .
i did n't believe ronald colman in many scenes .
he seemed to be giving awkward readings of his lines .
and the part where he is meant to be laughing in drunken despair is cringe - worthy .
the final shot just looks as if he is stepping up to his mark in the studio with no intention of going any further , which is of course what he is doing , but it really looks as if it is what he is doing .
this is ford as the sorcerer 's apprentice , making a frightful mess with his wands , before he mastered the art of .
the high points for me were those strong shots of helen hayes and a cane chair , earlier with a cigarette and later an open door , reminding me of the famous open door in the searchers .
but this clearly touched enough people in the academy to be up for best picture of 1931 .
so a must for oscar completest and a chance to see helen hayes in action during the early thirties .
also myrna loy , quietly choosing sexy clothing in her bedroom is a visual feast .
and it 's always nice to see ronald colman , even though he seems to have uncharacteristically failed to engage with his character for most of this rather clunky story .

-1
1st watched - 3 out of 10 ( a. seiter ) : supposed early `` woman makes it in the business world `` movie before it was cool to do this , but this movie is more of a silly mediocre romantic comedy than what it 's advertised to be by `` turner movies `` on the video box .
the plotline is not much deeper than 1/2 hour television sitcom 's as there is a battle over one women ( played by loretta young ) between her young lover & later husband and the man that she works for .
young manipulates every situation to try and give herself what she thinks she needs ( a job climbing up the corporate ladder ) but in the end we find out that what she really needs is the love of a good ( or is that clinging ) man .
gag me with a spoon silliness to the max ...

-1
this black & white silly symphony cartoon is exactly the sort of cartoon i completely hated as a child .
instead of edgy or funny characters , it was chock-full of cutesy animals -- tons of sweet birds .
in addition , it had lots of music -- with the animals all swaying to the music .
in other words , it was practically plot-less .
only later in the film when a clichã©d ` evil ' bird attacks is there any action , as the nice birds all band together to thwart evil .
sheesh !
what a boring cartoon ! !
although i adore early disney cartoons , occasionally they came up with a lame one here or there ... and this is certainly one of them .
unfortunately , this sort of saccharine was pretty popular with other cartoon makers in the 30s -- particularly the harmon-ising cartoons .
when i was a kid , they showed them on tv a lot and all my friends and i hated them .
fortunately , they have mostly been shelved in favor of better toons .
do n't you and your kids deserve better ?
by the way , i noticed a score of 10 for this cartoon .
while i totally respect the other reviewer 's right to score it this high , they give 10s to all disney cartoons .
i , on the other hand , am more demanding and grouchy when it comes to these shorts .
i 've given a few 10s and 9s to some silly symphonies -- so i am not impossible to please !

-1
bosko 's telephone ca n't get its owner to wake up no matter how insistently it rings .
the phone beats the alarm clock ( also sleeping ) with its receiver and orders it to wake up their owner .
the panicky clock ca n't get him up either -- not by its own ringing nor by hitting a brush against his bedpan .
in desperation , the clock stabs bosko in the rear with its hand .
bosko wakes up screaming , and sleepily answers the phone .
it 's honey .
she wants to go on a picnic .
bosko cranks up the car , sends home the little baby cars that try to follow and drives to her place .
soon the two sweethearts are off to the woods .
bosko easily fixes a tire that his dog bit a hole in .
he has less luck winning honey 's forgiveness after whispering an ungentlemanly suggestion in her ear .
`` bosko 's holiday `` has even less plot than usual .
there is n't even the usual calamity to provide excitement .
the gags are crude and rude : at one point , bosko tries to make honey hungry by chewing noisily with his mouth open .
the short is further undermined by later entries that have scenes and gags nearly identical to this one .
the film feels like a bosko cartoon .

-1
the film began with wheeler sneaking into the apartment of his girlfriend .
her aunt ( edna may oliver -- a person too talented for this film ) did n't like wheeler -- a sentiment i can easily relate to .
the aunt decided to take this bland young lady abroad to get her away from wheeler .
they left and wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king .
at about the same time , woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and he was made king .
so when wheeler arrived , it was up to the boys to fight it out , but they refused because they are already friends -- which greatly disappointed the people , as killing and replacing kings is a national pastime .
i am a huge fan of comedy from the golden age of hollywood -- the silent era through the 1940s .
i have seen and reviewed hundreds , if not thousands of these films and yet despite my love and appreciation for these films i have never been able to understand the appeal of wheeler and woolsey -- the only comedy team that might be as bad as the ritz brothers !
despite being very successful in their short careers in hollywood ( cut short due to the early death of robert woolsey ) , i ca n't help but notice that practically every other successful team did the same basic ideas but much better .
for example , there were many elements of this film reminiscent of the marx brother 's film , duck soup , yet cracked nuts never made me laugh and duck soup was a silly and highly enjoyable romp .
at times , woolsey talked a bit like groucho , but his jokes never have punchlines that even remotely are funny !
in fact , he just seemed to prattle pointlessly .
his only funny quality was that he looked goofy -- surely not enough reason to put him on film .
additionally , wheeler had the comedic appeal of a piece of cheese -- a piece of cheese that sang very poorly !
a missed opportunity was the old vaudeville routine later popularized by abbott and costello as `` who 's on first `` which was done in this film but it lacked any spark of wit or timing .
in fact , soon after they started their spiel , they just ended the routine -- so prematurely that you are left frustrated .
i knew that `` who 's on first `` had been around for many years and used by many teams , but i really wanted to see wheeler and woolsey give it a fair shot and give it their own twist .
once again , i have found yet another sub-par film by this duo .
while i must admit that i liked a few of their films mildly ( such as silly billies and the -- which i actually gave 6 's to on imdb ) , this one was a major endurance test to complete -- something that i find happens all too often when i view the films of wheeler and woolsey .
where was all the humor ? !

-1
this was a movie that i had really looked forward to as a classic horror movie , the original dracula .
i was sadly disappointed when i finally did get around to watching it .
the best way to describe the film as a whole is cheesy .
rubber bats , lightning , spider webs , and crypts are common throughout the movie .
there is also some sort of strange mythology mix up in the middle as dracula becomes some sort of wolf and is repelled by wolfsbane , the classic way to deal with werewolves .
the only real savior is lugosi 's portrayal of dracula , which i found particularly moving .
his voice , which represents most of the film 's memorable sound , is simply captivating in the way a vampire 's voice should be .
lugosi is the only thing i would keep in this film .

-1
i have to begin by saying that i was very disappointed with this movie , as a huge fan of horror ; vampires especially i could n't believe how hard it was for me to stick to watching this film .
i felt like the story moved so fast you got a simple understanding of the plot and no relationship with the characters , and for me , when you can connect to the characters in a movie it is so much more likable .
i suppose for its time it is n't so bad but i was greatly disappointed .
my favorite parts were when dracula is using his mind powers on his victims and his eyes become the brightest thing in the scene , it made me smile to see this power rendered this way .

-1
there are a couple of things about this serial that i really liked .
one , the old vehicles and planes .
two , the street scenes of los angeles and a couple of scenes from football games in a bygone era .
the story is silly , never in the least convincing .
the action is way , way over the top ; grange et al . flail clumsily at each other in every chapter , sometimes several times .
and all sorts of horrible things happen to grange , without him having a smudge on his suit , a scratch on his face , or even a sore knuckle from fighting .
the dialog is so stiff that i winced several times .
and worst of all is the acting , if it can be called that .
grange was a great football player , by all accounts , for the university of illinois and in the nfl , but he could n't act his way out of a paper bag .
he and babe ruth , another poor actor in movies , should have stuck with sport .
the segues between episodes are narrated , rather than written as in most other serials .
and are these segues bad !
they begin each chapter after the first .
each episode ends with a villainous laugh by a man who is described as a `` cripple . ``
that was actually rather good .
this does n't leave us with much -- except the old cars , planes , trolleys , and the long ago street scenes .

-1
underneath the opening credits of this film there is a striking portrait of the gorgeous young jean harlow , barely out of her teens , grinning into the camera .
you better take a good look while you have the chance because she wo n't be back until the picture is half over , and while you wait you 'll have to deal with the tiresome comedy of warren hymer .
who 's warren hymer ?
he was a big lug who played character roles in movies of the '30s and '40s , usually small parts as boxers , convicts , thick-witted sidekicks , etc . .
as a colorful member of the ensemble he was fine , sometimes a stand-out , but as the comic lead in goldie he 's a dud .
it is n't the actor 's fault , he 's obviously trying his best , but the material is weak and obvious , and the laughs are sparse .
hymer plays a dim-witted sailor named spike who lands in lots of colorful ports , everywhere from odessa to rio .
( all these locations bear a suspicious resemblance to the fox back-lot , but no matter .
) spike is on the prowl for a girlfriend , but it seems that every woman he finds has already been claimed , so to speak , by a fellow sailor named bill .
of course spike and bill eventually meet up , and fists fly .
this film was the talkie remake of howard hawks ' late silent a girl in every port , which was heavily influenced by the huge success of the prototypical `` battling buddy `` flick what price glory ?
the latter was a smash hit that spawned zillions of imitations , service comedies in which a pair of two-fisted he-men ( marines , sailors , or whatever ) get into scrapes , battle over women , etc . .
but while what price glory ?
was based on a first-rate play by maxwell anderson , chock-a-block with crackling tough-guy dialog , some of the imitations were n't nearly so well written .
and that brings us back to goldie .
i was lured to this film by the fascinating cast : jean harlow takes the role played by louise brooks in the silent version , and bill the rake is played by none other than spencer tracy , only 31 years old and fresh from broadway .
( george raft is on hand too , briefly , as a pickpocket .
) but this movie was made long before tracy 's customary screen persona had been developed , and viewers familiar with his later work will be surprised at the macho he plays here .
those unaccustomed to films of the pre-code era may also be startled by the recurring plot motif concerning the `` brand `` ( i.e . a tattoo ) tracy leaves on each of his conquests .
when he is n't loving 'em and leaving 'em , tracy is mostly reduced to playing straight man for hymer , who dominates the first half .
and while we wait for the leading lady there 's lots of male bonding stuff , you know , boozy brawling in saloons and philosophical talk about how dames ai n't on the level .
when jean harlow finally shows up she 's a sight for sore eyes , but like tracy she had n't yet fully come into her own as a screen presence .
red-headed woman in 1932 really launched her stardom , in but these earlier appearances harlow , though vibrant , sometimes seems unsure of herself .
here she plays a in a calais carnival and looks very fetching indeed in her bathing suit .
she and tracy have a couple of decent scenes together towards the end , but by that point the show 's practically over .
for a great pairing i can recommend libeled lady , a terrific comedy made five years after this one .
fans interested in their earlier work might want to give this one a look , but will most likely be disappointed .
i wish both leads had been granted more ( and better ) material .
as for warren hymer -- well , nothing personal , but he 's not my cup of tea , not here anyway .

-1
this is a very , very dated film -- clichã©d and not particularly interesting .
i know this sounds very harsh , but i have seen thousands of films from hollywood 's classic era and know quality when i see it .
now i am not saying the film is without merit -- irene dunne is quite good as aside from the silly dubbing of his singing voice , adolph menjou is very nice with his thick italian accent .
and , in the tertiary role , neil hamilton is lovely in his pre-batman days .
but the script is just dreadful and , if you do n't like opera , the film is very tough going .
the film begins with irene dunne catching the attention of a world famous opera star ( adolph menjou ) .
he invites her to try out for him but is shocked when she is extremely good .
dunne assumes that he will help her -- if she puts out for him .
but , though definitely a playboy , menjou is a good guy and his motives are pure .
and , soon he 's fallen in love with her and vows to make her famous .
what he does n't know is that dunne has hooked up with an old boyfriend ( neil hamilton ) and they are in love .
however , when menjou later pours his heart out to dunne , she feels such devotion and appreciation for his efforts to make her a star that she agrees to marry menjou .
naturally , by the end , menjou learns the truth and takes it like a man .
lots of opera as well as a formulaic story that is very predictable .
even some nice performances are n't enough to make this one worth the considerable effort it took to watch it to the end !

-1
well , this movie is certainly something .
i 'm just not sure what .
gary cooper plays the hardbitten captain of a merchant ship ; while docked at a south american port someone leaves a caucasian baby in his boat .
cooper plans to take it with him to the us , he just needs someone to take care of it on the voyage .
enter aloysius ( harrington , what a great name ) and mark ( sidney easton ) , his two african-american stewards -- bumbling caricatures who speak in the phony `` black american `` patois acceptable in early hollywood .
ie , lots of `` `` and bug-eyed expressions of shock .
claudette appears as a seaport `` entertainer `` who wants to get back to nyc ; she comes aboard as the baby 's surrogate , employing skills she did n't realize she had .
along the way the baby instills in her the desire to `` straighten up , `` and her and cooper fall in love to boot .
only , claudette has a shady past and it seems that every other mate on the ship has had her at one dingy seaport or another -- all of them except for cooper , that is , who despite being hardbitten is also a little too naã¯ve .
he buys claudette 's `` my parents were missionaries who died and now i 'm all alone `` story and gets ruffled if anyone doubts her , ruffled to the point of fighting one of his men and knocking him overboard .
it all comes to a head in nyc with a truly underwhelming courtroom scene .
really , the whole movie is underwhelming .
i mean , the film opens with a stock shot of a merchant vessel plying through the water , then a cut to the deck , and gary cooper ambles his way across it .
that 's how the movie begins , no fanfare , no buildup , just another day at sea with gary cooper .
gary cooper and his two racial stereotype crewmembers , that is ; i have a theory that malcolm x saw this film as a boy and it set him on his way .
for truly this movie is offensive .
i 'm an open-minded guy and do n't get offended easily , but this film goes out of its way to shoehorn every black stereotype into the characters of aloysius and mark .
they are presented as incompetent nitwits who exist only to bulge their eyes and mutter banalities -- in between loud prayers to `` gawd , `` that is .
and it 's not just that .
whole chunks of this film are composed of nothing more than a baby crying .
minute after minute evaporates as the baby screams and bawls , with various characters attempting in vain to placate it .
in addition the movie is very static , paced so leisurely that it appears to be out for a sunday drive .
cooper can do little to save it ; his character is a vapid sort , and it 's obvious he had a hard time reckoning the polar characteristics with which he 's been foisted : we 're supposed to believe his character is a sea captain who commands respect in his grizzled men , yet at the same time he 's so naã¯ve as to buy claudette 's obviously fake background story .
as for claudette -- well , what can you expect : she 's as good as ever .
her role offers her a bit more room and she does a good job portraying the whole `` bad girl goes good `` angle .
this early in her career she still has that waiflike look -- big betty boop eyes , fragile body .
i swear this lady drank some sort of elixir -- just compare how she looks in this film to say `` sign of the cross , `` released the following year , or even `` cleopatra , `` from three years later .
it 's like she went through a second puberty .
production-wise the movie 's underwhelming as well .
do n't expect the usual paramount opulence here .
rather than a nice portrayal of a madhouse south american bar early in the film , the sets are mostly cabins within cooper 's ship , or the deck .
once the ship gets back to new york we 're only graced with a few stock shots of the city , and from there to a basic office room for the trial .
the direction , too , offers little to appreciate ; the whole thing , from beginning to end , is as basic as bread .
special note : this film contains one of the worst line readings i 've ever had the pleasure to hear .
i 'm talking `` ed wood production `` bad .
when claudette 's back with her high-living in nyc , all of them sitting around in negligees with their legs dangling in pure pre-code lasciviousness , she gets ribbed by them for falling in love with cooper .
try as they might , the girls ca n't get claudette to revert to her old ways .
one of the , a pretty blonde , shakes her head and says , `` well , i just give up . ``
it is , by far , one of the worst deliveries of a line ever .

-1
this is one of the infamous `` censored 11 `` cartoons from looney toons .
back in the 1960s , the company then owning the rights to the films ( united artists ) decided to pull 11 of the cartoons from circulation because of racist elements .
some were incredibly racist and insensitive ( even for the 1930s or 40s ) , though oddly some reviewers have championed the worst of these -- saying they are n't offensive .
well , with a few of the cartoons ( such as jungle jitters ) , they might be up for debate but some are truly evil cartoons and i just ca n't see why anyone would defend them ( such coal black and de dwarfs -- you have to see it to believe how awful and offensive it is ) .
my complaint about this one is n't just because it may be perceived as racist by most viewers .
sure , some of the characters are clearly seem to be `` happy negroes `` living in the antebellum south -- especially one named `` uncle tom `` ( now that 's subtle !
) .
but my main complaint is that the film is clearly a rip-off of at least two famous disney cartoons .
the pig-like character sure looks and acts like mickey mouse from steamboat willie and the skeletons dancing about are practically lifted from the award-winning skeleton dance .
and , this was not `` fair use `` of ideas or characters -- it 's theft .
despite one reviewer incorrectly claiming that hugh harmon and rudolf ising were responsible for mickey mouse ( it was by all historical accounts ub iwerks who created and animated most of the early mickey cartoons and the rights were owned by walt disney ) .
the only positive thing i can say about this toon is that the animation , while derivative , is rather high quality compared to other products of the same era .
my advice is that this and all the censored 11 cartoons should not be shown on broadcast television unless they are shown with some sort of prologue that could explain the context and reasons they offend .
having them continue to be available on the internet ( when you can find them ) is n't a bad thing , however , as i am loathe to ban any sort of speech and it is an unfortunate but important part of our history .
and if we eliminate everything that might offend from our history , then we are left with , ... well , ... nothing !

-1
mgm tried pairing up and coming young men with the divine one to give them exposure and try them out as leading men .
gable and garbo had chemistry in susan lenox but it was a lousy film .
here in inspiration there is no chemistry whatsoever between garbo and robert montgomery and the script is poor as well .
what were they thinking ?
the modern , fast-talking , montgomery and the long-suffering garbo ?
it is a tale like camille .
young student falls for woman of the world and is repelled by learning of her past , rejects her , takes her back , rejects her ... you get the picture .
garbo is completely believable as a top parisian artist 's model and completely at home , although bored , with her life at the top of society amidst her artistic friends and their loose morals .
suddenly she is fascinated by this innocent .
she finally gives up her life for him and sinks into poverty , only to be rescued by him and set up in a house of her own .
ironically , he intends to marry and keep her on the side - so much for his pure moral ethic of earlier .
the scenes are incredibly dull and boring and nothing much happens .
only marjorie rambeau as lulu is able to inject life into the proceedings with such lines as `` unfortunately weak women have strong appetites `` and `` odette , where is thy sting ? ``
only for garbo fans .

-1
i noticed that one reviewer gave this film a 10 and i am happy that they enjoyed it but perplexed because i disliked the movie so much .
while i understood the central message that these men were all ruined for normal life after fighting in wwi , it was tough watching this group of men drink , laugh at everything , drink some more , get into trouble and then drink -- all accompanied by lots and lots and lots of talking .
in fact , i 'd be very hard pressed to find a film with more inane dialog and blather or more tedious to watch .
i understood the message that these men were doing and talking so much so they would avoid thinking and feeling , but after a short time i just wanted it all to end .
this film was a real chore to stick with and i doubt if anything could induce me to watch it again .
for a much better film about ex-soldiers traipsing about europe trying to deal with memories of war by drowning it in drinking and adventure , try watching the sun also rises -- a much more interesting , better acted and less shrill production .

-1
if you want to see joan crawford in fake nose and beard dancing up a storm , then banging a drum to collect sinners a la sarah brown in `` guys and dolls `` , then this is your movie .
she goes from nightclub performer involved with `` batman 's `` neil hamilton to the very religious clark gable for no apparent reason other than the fact that he is a hunk .
hamilton dumps her to become respectable then comes back when she apparently finds salvation .
who would you choose ?
of crawford and gables ' many pairings together , this is the poorest of the lot .
marjorie rambeau is somewhat amusing as a hardboiled pal of crawfords , and cliff edwards and guy kibbee offer alright performances in underdeveloped roles , but the whole story ( what there is ) is simply no laughing matter .

-1
this was another example of why the hays code was put in as anti-religious movies were on the increase , along with everything else you see and hear in films today .
here we see a minister and followers ( both mainstream and charismatic ) made to look stupid and corrupt .
over 70 years later , hollywood still thinks that 's the only kind worth showing on screen .
( do you see good ones , like billy graham , ever on film ?
) supposedly , this story was based on a real-life female preacher named aimee semple mcpherson .
in the film , we first see a man who dies while writing his last sermon .
he had been booted out of his church because he was too old and they wanted a younger man .
the daughter ( semple , played by barbara stanwyck ) goes up to the pulpit , starts to read the partial sermon , then tells what happened to her father and tells off the congregation , calling them all kinds of names .
that part , frankly , was very dramatic and interesting to watch .
but then the film starts to get carried away with its agenda of a fake evangelist .
a huckster , who happened by when florence `` faith `` falon ( stanwyck ) , talks the bitter woman into getting back at people by using her biblical knowledge to be an evangelist , earn a lot of money and bilk the public with fake healing and the like .
she does just that .
she gives sermons at her `` faith temple `` that are so new age and unlike anything you would really hear - whether she was faking it or not - that it 's an insult for anyone who knows what sermons sound like .
they also make the people in the audience so corny and so unlike anyone that would attend a service that it , too , is ludicrous .
only goers would believe the stuff in this movie .
note : before the film began , a disclaimer was put on screen with a quote from the book of matthew warning people to beware of `` false prophets . ``
well , i agree , false prophets have always been with all and always will be , but i also warn people to be aware of false propaganda they see in movies !
like those false teachers , do n't believe everything you see on screen .

-1
evelyn laye who was one of the great musical performers of the london stage made only a few films at this point of her career and this one being only one of two she did in hollywood .
later on as a character actress she did much work on the big and small screen .
this rather uninspired vehicle does afford one an opportunity to see her in her prime .
sam goldwyn who produced it knew he had a turkey on his hands , it is fairly obvious that a full musical score was written for this and numbers must have been cut right and left .
it did n't help too much .
the plot is similar to something laye 's american contemporary marilyn miller might have done on stage .
laye is a poor flower girl working in a theater in budapest .
the star lilyan tashman who is a wild child causes a riot and is ordered out of town .
laye agrees to go in her place and tashman decides to hide out .
but the local lord of the place she 's exiled to , count john boles who is also the police prefect is a bit of a rake and he 's planning a little fun and frolic because he 's heard of tashman 's reputation .
laye who really likes what she sees in boles is kind of torn as to how to behave , be her good girl self or be the party animal boles was expecting .
leon errol is in this film as laye 's friend and confidante and you know how bad the film is because errol 's famous drunk act takes up a lot more footage than normal .
leon errol was a fine performer , but not in the dose we got here .
errol 's comic relief becomes the show .
for those who like operetta even they will be bored with one heavenly night .
speaking of jeanette and nelson , evelyn laye was in the original cast of bittersweet on stage .
now if she had filmed that it would have been worth preserving .

-1
this original operetta was a flop in 1930 and still is , despite good production values ( no surprise , with goldwyn as producer ) a shimmering leading lady ( evelyn laye ) and a fun supporting turn by lilyan tashman .
the songs by clifford grey , herb nacio brown , edward and bruno are mildly pleasant , nothing more , and a musical with a boring book ( by sidney howard , of all people !
) needs superior songs to float , and these second - rate numbers do n't help .
finally the enterprise sinks completely during long and tiresome slapstick routines performed by leon errol .
sometimes the viewer wonders whether this production was meant to be a conventional operetta or a variety show .
john boles as the romantic lead exudes more energy than in his straight dramatic roles and sings well , but not often enough to put a dent in the tedium .
students of cultural history will find this film interesting as an example of why screen musicals became unpopular for a time .
it 's too bad laye had to be in a turkey for her american sound film debut .
she had everything it took to be a major player .

-1
buster keaton hated farces .
he complained that they always depend on misunderstandings that could easily be cleared up with a few facts , and hence insult the intelligence of both the audience and the actors .
the frantic pace and irrational behavior required to keep these simple exchanges of information from taking place destroy keaton 's precise , deliberate timing , his subtle expressiveness , and the kind of elaborate , carefully planned mechanical gags that were his specialty .
parlor , bedroom and bath is a good example of the kind of material mgm thought suited keaton and forced on him over his objections .
not only is it the wrong style of comedy , it casts him in the humiliating role of a nerdy shrimp who is continually insulted and dismissed by other characters .
in his own films buster often played an innocent , shy young man , which worked fine in silence .
sound changes that : a man obviously in his thirties confessing that he 's never so much as kissed a girl is merely pathetic .
likewise , in his own movies buster , while ever the underdog , is dashing , ingenious and convincingly romantic , while here he is a bumbling lunkhead who is scorned by women .
it 's no wonder buster was hitting the bottle at this time .
all that said , parlor , bedroom and bath is not really an unpleasant film , unless you start thinking about what a comedown it was for buster keaton .
in general i love the movies of the early thirties , and this one has the elegant fashions and saucy attitude of the era .
it 's quite `` pre-code , `` though as noted above the risquã© atmosphere clashes crudely with the innocence of the hero .
a humble who is smitten with a wayward society beauty , he is passed off as a well-known rake by a man who wants to marry the woman 's younger sister ( who refuses to marry until her older sister does -- how 's that for an up-to-date plot ?
) the opening of the film was shot at keaton 's home , the `` italian villa , `` and there 's some slight charm in the early scenes in which buster 's character , having been hit by a car , recuperates in the tender care of his leading lady , who has been told he 's a notorious playboy and hence admires him .
the one unmistakable keaton touch comes midway through the film when he the closing gag from one week , wrecking a car instead of a house .
lacking the element of surprise as well as the buildup from the earlier film , the gag loses a lot , but at least it 's obviously his work .
the remainder of parlor , bedroom and bath deteriorates into an increasingly shrill and hectic bedroom farce with all the characters running around a suite of hotel rooms in their pajamas .
the whole film is peppered with the kind of dopey dialogue that buster detested , and which he tosses off with all the lightness of a millstone around his neck .
`` do n't give me puns .
do n't give me jokes .
no wisecracks , `` he said disgustedly in a later interview -- the same in which he commented , `` life is too serious to make farce comedy . ``
not surprisingly , buster looks pretty depressed throughout , though not yet marked by the alcoholism that 's visible in his later mgm movies .
he 's still a man in his prime , if only there were anyone to recognize his talents .

-1
the fact that a film is on dvd does n't guarantee that its quality is very good .
the fact that a film 's quality is threadbare does n't mean you should n't buy it .
this review actually applies to 2 films paired on a single dvd .
the plots of these films are of little consequence .
they are of interest only to people who collect holmes films ... anybody who merely wants a few of the better offerings would do well to purchase some of those made by jeremy brett ... or , in a pinch , basil rathbone .
there are a few other very good holmes films featuring good actors on a one-shot basis -- such as `` seven per cent solution `` or `` private life of sherlock holmes `` .
in any event , these films are considerably less estimable .
here we have a pair of films featuring some of the best actors to do holmes , even if the results tend toward disappointing .
this appears to be the only disc with these films on it ( although `` deadly necklace `` ) appears by itself in the same version on other discs . ``
( sherlock holmes and ) the deadly necklace `` dates from 1962 , although it neither looks it nor sounds it .
some who have seen this may be surprised to learn that it was produce by hammer studios .
not that hammer has n't turned out some really schlock stuff , but where christopher lee was concerned , they usually did a better job .
the print a direct transfer from a rather worn copy in black-and white .
the quality of the color suggests the original may have been in color , and the snipped ends of the film 's aspect suggest it may originally have been or more .
the film is set in the early 20th century -- not improbable , since holmes was still working then ( and did n't actually die until 1957 ) .
however , the script is not adapted from any actual doyle story .
it involves an egyptian necklace , and professor moriarty shows up as a world-famous archaeologist as well as the prince of crime .
the plot is melodramatic and banal .
the biggest defect of this film is that -- for whatever unfathomable reason -- hammer filmed it in germany .
it was nonetheless filmed in english .
it was then dubbed in german and then re-dubbed in english .
so what you hear is n't lee nor any of the other original actors , but a bunch of unknowns -- not that , outside of lee , i doubt anyone would know any of the other actors .
this is too bad , since lee ( see his `` hound of the baskervilles `` ) makes a quite decent holmes .
as it is , his voice double is condescending and plain as bread pudding with no raisins nor cinnamon .
the music for this film is primarily jazzy , in a possible attempt to be `` period `` .
too bad nobody thought of ragtime .
as it is , the music does n't relate to what 's happening on the screen , and often is at odds with the action .
the other film is `` ( sherlock holmes and ) the speckled band `` from 1931 , starring a young raymond massey .
the quality of the picture and sound is fully up to that of the 1962 effort , and in fact a bit better .
massey makes a quite respectable holmes , although he certainly does n't own the rã´le in the way rathbone did and brett does .
the other thespians who take part in this production are unlikely to be of interest to modern readers .
the acting -- as is true of many films of this period -- owes a lot to the post-victorian stage and to silent films .
it should be noted that , while `` the deadly necklace `` is available on dvd by itself , `` the speckled band `` is available only with the former film .
there is very little else to be said of this film .
the settings seem to be an odd combination of the 1890s ( horse-drawn carriages ) and the 1920s ( electronic devices such as a primitive dictaphone ) .
taken altogether , it 's an interesting curio and a sufficient inducement to buy the dvd with the pairing rather than a dvd with `` deadly necklace `` only .

-1
in the 1910s , there were many short films about the evils of demon drink -- such as d.w. griffith 's `` what drink did `` .
these films were not in the least subtle and invariably showed a nice family man becoming a horrible brute ... all due to his taking a drink of alcohol .
it 's not surprising in light of these films that there was a push to make alcohol illegal -- eventually culminating in prohibition .
more than two decades later , griffith has dusted off the cobwebs and created a full-length sound version of one of these morality plays .
while the film is much more sophisticated than these early silents , for sound films they were still very dated -- with very , very broad acting and the simplest of stories .
in `` the struggle `` a guy likes to drink but gives it all up for his fiancã©e .
he 's good at his promise for several years and lives a successful sober life .
then , on a lark , he takes a drink and it 's a long , long slide into oblivion .
but , since the film is much longer than the older ones , you get a chance to see the guy eventually work his way out and by the end , all is well .
had the film had better acting , direction and a better script , griffith could have gone on to better things .
unfortunately , the film was seen at the time as very dated and the film was a bust -- and was griffith 's last full-length film as a result .
it is interesting how this great director was at the forefront of innovation in the 1910s -- now in the 30s , he was hopelessly behind the and mired in dated ideas .
it also did n't help with the confusing prologue which seemed to say perhaps prohibition was the cause of rampant alcoholism -- the exact opposite of what they 'd been arguing two decades earlier ! !
probably not worth your time unless you are a film historian or insist on seeing everything griffith directed .

-1
actually , i thought the movie was the opposite of the title - this film `` rose `` high at the start and just slowly fell to the bottom .
it started off great , especially in the cinematography department .
greta garbo looked very pretty and captivating and there was clark gable , sans famous mustache .
this was gable 's first starring role .
the start of the second half signaled the decline as the film turned into a sappy melodrama and finished with an incredibly bad last 15 minutes , ruining what looked like a really promising film .
jean hersholt and john miljan provided able supporting help but , in the end , the film was disappointment .

-1
bird of paradise surely ranks as one of king vidor 's worst efforts -- in fact it 's hard to believe that the man who created the crowd and the big parade could be involved with something as shoddy as this .
dolores del rio is hopelessly miscast as an island girl who falls for joel mccrea , the seaman who virtually rapes her before jumping ship .
we see lots of appallingly stereotypical natives ( even for the period ) and the writing is suffused with the worst racist instincts .
vidor redeemed himself later in his career with the thoughtful japanese war bride , but this is a depressing lowpoint in his ouevre .

-1
as i watched this on pbs i imagined my grandfather spending his twenty cents to watch in the theater .
romance and passion in the tropical sea breeze .
a sea adventurer ( joel mccrea ) falls in love with an island beauty ( dolores del rio ) who 's destiny is to be sacrificed to pele , the god of volcanos .
of note : del rio 's nude underwater swimming scene .
and max steiner 's score is the first to orchestrate a `` talkie `` from beginning to end .
the supporting cast includes : richard gallagher , john halliday , reginald simpson and lon chaney jr. .

-1
i found it impossible to really enjoy this movie , probably because i 'm not a ten-year-old kid listening to the radio in 1932 .
i 'm considerably older and i 'm watching television where these idiotic people are running around in costumes that belong in a stage magician 's trunk .
it 's a cheaply construed action-filled mystery story .
edmund lowe is , a student of oriental mysticism who has learned the arts of yoga , the transmutation of the alter self , and the power to cloud men 's minds .
wait -- that last is from `` the shadow `` , but what 's the difference ?
audiences of the time , i suppose , were familiar with these characters from the nightly radio shows .
there 's .
there 's his main squeeze , princess nadji .
there 's bela lugosi as the roxor .
and then there 's an innocent scientist who has invented a death ray , and his family too .
it just occurs to me .
if the scientist is such a nice , innocent man , why would he want to invent a death ray ?
at any rate , man does lugosi want to get his hands on that death ray gun .
`` i wheel make everybody a slave . ``
he plays the role perfectly straight , which is to say he hams it up outrageously .
he looks fine , though , dressed in a black blouse buttoned up to the neck like rasputin .
william cameron menzies directed it and is responsible for the impressive special effects and the set dressing -- ancient and modern egypt .
the audio commentary on the dvd is more interesting than the movie .
it 's filled with irony and authority .
example : the innocent scientist 's daughter is abducted by lugosi and , to induce the scientist to reveal his secrets , the daughter is put up on the block to be auctioned into the harem of one of the swarthy men in a crowd of libidinous foreigners , goggle-eyed with lust .
now , the daughter is played by june lang , who was only fifteen years old when this was released .
she 's gotten up in a jean harlow platinum do and a slinky silken gown .
she 's standing up there on the block , all disheveled and virginal .
her real name is june .
`` looks like june 's in a pickle , `` says the commentator .
oh , he 's a very helpful commentator .
like jean harlow , june lang seems to eschew the use of any thoracic undergarments .
`` now if you look closely , you 'll see what the censors in ontario saw . ``
i 'll tell you the truth .
june lang ca n't act but i 'd have put in a bid for her anyway .
i 'd have bid half my worldly assets even though , granted , she 's probably worth more than $ .
i wonder how that would convert into shekels or or whatever they used for currency in 1932 egypt .
dried dates ?

-1
in the creation of forbidden frank capra candidly admitted that the story was ripped off from fanny hurst 's back street .
too bad he could n't get to do the real thing .
forbidden was made at a time when frank capra was involved with both lucille who eventually he married and his star barbara stanwyck .
capra had just directed stanwyck in the miracle woman and had hopes for this venture which he had the original story idea which was scripted by jo swerling .
as for stanwyck according to a biography about her , she was involved with capra because of her abusive and jealous first husband frank fay who literally terrorized her on the set of his film .
i 'm sure his presence must have been a distraction .
but i would venture to say that even if things were on an even keel for stanwyck and capra , i do n't think that would have saved this film .
it 's melodramatic corn which i think today 's audiences would find laughable .
stanwyck plays a spinster librarian who decides to take her savings and splurge them on a cruise to havana .
there she meets adolphe menjou who is also on vacation and traveling incognito .
he 's looking for a little frolic himself .
in this rather frank film before the code , menjou has n't been getting any kanoodling from wife dorothy peterson who was injured in an automobile accident .
he and stanwyck have a daughter together and to save his and her reputation , the daughter is adopted by her real father and peterson .
in the meantime and on the rebound stanwyck marries her boss on the newspaper she works for , ralph bellamy .
bellamy is not in a typical ralph bellamy goof role , he 's got a streak of jealousy in him as well .
it does n't go really good for anybody .
everyone tries their best , but the film lays there like a melodramatic lump .
even the best directors turn out a clinker now and then and capra was learning both his craft and his message at this time .
and juggling two women as well , what a guy .

-1
this b-western stars rex bell -- a man who made quite a few bs and also married silent star , clara bow .
for a very interesting account of this woman 's life and her marriage to bell , try reading `` clara bow : running wild `` -- a very interesting biography .
now to the story .
like so many b-westerns of the era , this one is an odd combination of the old and new .
the film is set in the present time and is about gangsters and the like in new york .
when the mob tries to kill breezy kildaire ( bell ) , he hightails it back to his family ranch out west .
from here on , the film is filled with cowboys and the like -- things you 'd expect to be seeing around the latter portion of the 19th century .
this odd juxtaposition of the old and new is not uncommon in b-westerns .
heck , i remember seeing a gene autry film chock full of cowboys chasing pickup trucks on their horses as well as making phone calls !
odd , but not all that uncommon .
it is also odd that these cowboys in `` broadway to cheyenne `` drink beer -- it is during prohibition .
talk about anachronistic !
once out west , breezy learns of a ` protective association ' -- a group of mobsters selling ` protection ' .
in other words , if you do n't pay them , then you can expect to have a life-threatening accident or have your cattle machine gunned ! !
this is all very modern and odd in such a western setting -- and something you might expect to see in a jimmy cagney or edward g. robinson flick .
i know i sure felt a might confused !
so is the film worth seeing ?
well , considering hollywood made b-westerns , i do n't think it 's particularly good -- especially for the casual viewer .
now if you are a huge b-western fan , it is probably worth seeing -- even if bell has a very stiff persona and the film has little to distinguish it from the crowd .
watchable but not particularly inspired or interesting .
by the way , you may or may not recognize gabby hays in this film .
in the early portion of the 1930s , he still had n't perfected his old coot sidekick persona -- and here he looks a bit like this guy but not quite as he 's sporting a mustache instead of his usual beard .
in fact , hays played many different types of roles during this time in westerns -- erudite gentlemen , crazy old coots , villains or whatever else was needed in the movies .
regardless , he 's the best thing about this film -- and is quite good in his small role .

-1
with this adaptation - as intrusion - of zane grey 's novel heritage of the desert , henry hathaway begins his career as a director of feature films although little of his later imprint appears in this effort .
the screenplay leaves in tatters grey 's powerful work , which deals strongly with mormon culture in utah in 1890 , and is only recognizable by the names of characters as a product of grey .
judson holderness ( david landau ) , a cattle rustler and owner of the white sage saloon and gambling hall , is a pestilence to landowners near his ranch , and has purchased or stolen all nearby property , except for that belonging to adam naab ( j. farrell macdonald ) .
holderness requires naab 's land in order to have a direct corridor for driving his mostly stolen herd to water , but naab rejects the saloon owner 's offer to buy , and mounts a challenge against any attempt to jump his claim by hiring a surveyor to document his boundaries .
when the surveyor , jack hare ( randolph scott ) arrives , he spends a good deal of his time wooing judy ( sally blane ) , the ward of naab and the fiancee of naab 's son snap , which naturally raises the tension level at the naab ranch .
despite this romantic conflict , jack sides with adam against holderness with neither realizing that snap is beholden to the rustler due to gambling debts incurred at the latter 's saloon , and the action is prepared to go towards a violent climax .
henry hathaway enjoyed years of critical success for his films , but in this beginning attempt there are only glimmers of his budding skill , although a poor script and ragged editing are of no assistance .
david landau 's villain is pitched to an interesting sardonic level , and sally blane is vivacious and strives with some success to make her character interesting , but most of the cast is defeated by its dialogue .

-1
i have read some reviews and feel so many miss the point of this film .
the intro gives the gist in a nutshell - ' a busy telephone exchange where everybody knows on sunday what everybody did on saturday night - and the rest of the week ' .
the film is slow in developing the theme , but it does a good job of getting all of the characters identified and their traits so the plot is ready to unfold .
it unfolds quickly and then the misdeed is set in motion .
conny and eva are the 2 `` hot ones ' on the youth circuit .
when they see ruth coming back in romer 's car , they begin with their havoc .
first connie lies and and then eva lets the cat out of the bag on the phone in front of her mother .
the film shows how quickly gossip can spread and how the story expands and the changes are received as gospel truth .
the cruelty and the harshness continue to grow with the telling and re-telling .
no one dare questions the veracity of the charges .
once the gossip gets going , there is no recalling the charges .
the tragedy is they will never get their comeuppance because no one will trace the source .
that 's life in a small town where there is a busy telephone exchange then the gossips take over .
ruth 's reputation is ruined in one day .
an it continues as small towns need to have something to talk about .
it grows worse until ruth is looked upon as the town tramp and fired .
she sees marrying randolph scott as a quick way to end the shame , but it would n't in reality .
she would be years living this scandal down if ever .
this was about as accurate a portrayal of the of life in a small town as you will find .
this truly is a piece of ` americana ` of life as you will find .
jane darwell expressed small town mentality of parents not wanting to be embarrassed by the actions of the children because they have live with the populace .
today , most parents would give it no thought that is the reason grant 's name was pronounced ` rumor ' .
the ending was stilted and contrived to tone down the scandal .
ruth was getting away from it all .
you see the little hesitation of ruth as she lifts her head up and then she lays her head on grant 's shoulder .
grant 's transformation is stretching one 's .
all of the ending was asking too much .

-1
jack hoxie and julian rivero ride into town where have been terrorizing the local ranchers .
they get jobs with one of them jack bower has a lovely daughter in hilda moreno .
their reputations as gunfighters proceed them and they get accused of some murder and some rustling not necessarily in that order .
but any true devotee of the b western can tell you within 10 minutes as to who the mastermind will turn out to be .
though the film has a bit of humor to it , mostly because of rivero , it was one of those that signaled the end of hoxie 's career as a movie cowboy .
he was having trouble transitioning to sound and this picture demonstrates he was having dialog trouble .

-1
to heighten the drama of this sudsy maternity ward story , it 's set in a special ward for `` difficult cases . ``
the main story is loretta young 's ; she 's on leave from a long prison stretch for murder .
will the doctors save her baby at the cost of her life , or heed her husband 's plea for the opposite ?
melodrama and sentiment are dominant , and they 're not the honest sort , to say the least .
for example , just to keep things moving , this hospital has a psycho ward next door to the maternity ward , and lets a woman with a hysterical pregnancy wander about stealing babies .
there are just enough laughs and sarcasm for this to be recognizable as a warners film , mostly from glenda farrell , who swigs gin from her bottle while she waits to have twins that , to her chagrin , she finds there 's now a law against selling .
an example of her repartee : `` be careful . ``
farrell : `` it 's too late to be careful . ``
aline macmahon is of course wonderfully authoritative as the chief nurse , but do n't expect her to be given a dramatic moment .
the main theme of the film is that the sight of a baby turns anyone to mush .
even given the obvious limitations , this film should have been better than it is .

-1
it 's very stagy .
clearly , it was a play .
though opened up , with flashbacks and scenes on lakes , it is like a play -- and a very stodgy one , at that .
indeed , it 's like what we imagine the robert montgomery character 's play would be , based on the few lines we hear .
montgomery is supposed to be english .
his american accent is explained by his going to canada and then south africa -- if one views that as an explanation .
madge evans was a charming performer but one would n't know that from her performance here .
beryl mercer comes through well , as montgomery 's mother .
and roland young , in a minor role , is good .
was he ever not good ?
the problem with this is that it 's hard to believe the trajectory of montgomery 's life as it 's portrayed .
it 's hard to believe he suddenly became a fine playwright .
and it 's quite difficult indeed to care about the romance between him and evans .
when many people think of early sound movies , they think of grandiose fluff like this .
and that 's a shame , since there are so many gems to be mined .

-1
douglas fairbanks ( as steve drexel ) longs for the adventurous life of robinson crusoe , so he jumps from his yacht and swims to a remote south seas island with his dog rooney .
mr. fairbanks leaves yachting partners william farnum and earle browne behind , to ( presumably ) continue their planned tiger hunting jaunt .
`` mr. robinson crusoe `` proves to be amazingly resourceful - the island provides him with a sexy girl `` saturday `` ( maria alba ) and , of course , dangerous natives !
fairbanks is incredibly athletic , as usual ; but , he and talks too much .
ms. alba is very sensual , especially when she first beds down in fairbanks ' `` penthouse `` ; and watch as she is being prepped for her native wedding - she appears to be nude , as photographed through a reflective pool of water .
this appears to have been a lighthearted `` vanity `` production for superstar fairbanks , which has n't aged well .
*** mr. robinson crusoe ( ) a. edward sutherland ~ douglas fairbanks , maria alba , william farnum

-1
i was surprised at how awkward , amateurish and even inept this early renoir film was .
admittedly , there are moments of greatness where one sees the later master , particularly in some closer shots , where one can see fine , detailed , subtle acting .
but for the most part of the film , this is a clumsily executed work of poor technical quality , and shaky narrative control .
a sequence such as the night-time car chase is technically very brave for this period , but this does n't excuse it for its poor realisation ; one can be sure that murnau would never have accepted such shoddy work .
if one compares la nuit du carrefour with other films made in 1932 , such as queen christina or grand hotel , one can see how inelegant and primitive this film 's mise-en-scene is .
i write this negative review merely to share with other people my disappointment ; i travelled to see this film in a rare screening at london 's nft , but felt that i should n't have bothered .

-1
i 've seen quite a few zasu todd films lately and frankly i have n't been overly impressed .
despite coming from hal roach , these shorts do n't even come close to the quality of laurel and hardy or our gang/little rascals .
in fact , they do n't even surpass the boy friends series from roach ( which i used to think were the worst series films from roach ) .
the problem is that zasu and thelma have practically no chemistry together .
they seem to be very unlikely friends and do n't have much of a spark between them .
it 's obvious that this is a series , as the usual hal roach quality just is n't so apparent .
as for this movie , it starts with probably the worst rear-projected driving scenes i have ever seen .
it is so ridiculously unreal and faked that it is obvious roach and company just did n't care .
the similar scene from laurel and hardy 's county hospital is n't a great rear-projected sequence either , but compared to this one , it 's a masterpiece !
the out of control stunt driver sequence culminates in the zasu severely damaging a farm and the farmer decides to keep the car until they pay for damages .
so , naturally what will happen next ?
yep , a lion escapes from the circus and runs amok on the farm ! !
contrived ?
you betcha .
funny ?
no .

-1
`` payment deferred `` is , to my mind at least , something of an anomaly ; a murder melodrama that appears to have been transmuted , almost intact , from its stage origins onto the silver screen .
what makes the movie fascinating is the degree to which the estimable cast utilizes the gestural and vocal histrionics of stage acting in a cinematic context .
whether this was a conscious choice on the part of the director , lothar mendes or whether the over-the-top simply encouraged the frenzied scenery chewing that ensues , is debatable .
but , alas , it does n't quite add up .
all the actors ( and they are good ones , too ) pitch into their parts as if they 're being urged , offscreen , to `` play to the balcony . ``
but a movie is n't a live play and the shrieking , the sobbing and the swank of guilt and remorse that might play before theatrical footlights and a live audience seem both affected and slightly risible here .
i have a very high regard for charles laughton , and his and bellows in this movie are certainly not boring to watch , but -- by the end of the movie -- i found myself unable to muster up either belief in his character ( let alone the other characters ) nor emotional catharsis at the end to which he comes .
and melodrama ( whether live or filmed ) that fails to tug on our emotions is , for lack of a better term , failure .

-1
this film begins with what appears to be a model train going down the model tracks .
however , at least it is a pretty good model train !
anyway , it 's supposed to be a real one and an accident is caused when the of another train appears to be heading right for them -- and the train derails trying to avoid it .
however , it turns out there was no other train -- it 's some sort of trick .
so , the playboy son of the railroad owner decides to go undercover to investigate .
while this all might sound interesting , despite an interesting premise , the film really bogs down and shows that it 's only a cheaply made film by a cheap-o studio .
after all , the ending is just god-awful -- with ridiculous stunts and an explanation of the mystery that made my brain hurt .
i can clearly understand why this film was allowed to slip into the public domain -- it 's bad and there 's little to recommend it .

-1
davies stars as a trapeze artist who comes into contact with a young clergyman ( clark gable ) .
eventually the two develop a relationship and much to his family 's dismay , they marry .
the film begins to fall apart here with a series of long winded , hard to swallow scenes .
the married couple has a falling out over his devotion to the church .
marion realizes for the first time that she is bad for her husband 's career .
this is so , despite the fact that she has been told this from the moment the two became interested in each other .
after stating her displeasure with his dedication to the church , she turns around and decides she must leave her husband so he can further his career .
she is willing to do this because she loves him so much .
marion 's plan is to divorce her husband , but when she is told by the reverend ( played by c aubrey smith ) that this is impossible she comes up with another plan .
she will go back to the circus and fall during the trapeze act .
committing suicide so then she will no longer be a detriment to her husband 's future .
as a rule , i have no problem with ridiculous melodrama .
but the screenplay is weak and the acting staid .
this film is based on an old chestnut of a play that was probably outdated when it was first filmed in 1917 .
the wrong side of the tracks girl and the clergyman is a great story in theory , but the film fails to make the relationship believable .

-1
for those interested in prevailing ( or at least socially acceptable ) american attitudes toward third world colonial territories and non-white races in 1932 , this film is a potent educational tool .
melvyn douglas plays a french army officer who is assigned to supervise a prison camp in the boonies of indochina , the inmates of which seem to spend half their time drinking and gambling and the other half lying on their backs in a barracks with their feet manacled .
douglas , whose character disintegrates into alcoholism from the relentless heat , humidity , isolation and boredom of his post , leaps from one emotional state to the next ; he hits each note with power and gusto , but there is no gradation between the notes , giving his behavior an unstable , almost schizophrenic effect ; one wonders if this was the fault of the script , the director , the editor or douglas himself .
ann harding as the sweetheart who follows him to indochina and adolphe menjou as a rival french officer deliver their standard performances .
director tay garnett indulges in frequent tracking shots and almost constant dollying and wobbling around furniture , doorways , mirrors or whatever is available .
yet somehow the film has a sluggish feel .
the soundtrack of the print i saw on tcm has deteriorated so that some dialogue exchanges are difficult to understand .
early on ian maclaren as harding 's father ( also an army officer ) explains to her that the most important thing to remember while in indochina is the `` prestige `` of the white race .
this concept echoes throughout the film as harding repeatedly reminds douglas to keep his head up , i.e . , physically embody his racial prestige .
indochina itself , as represented on what must be the back lot , is populated mostly by not only asians but also by other non-white races .
douglas 's personal servant ( charles muse ) is black .
perhaps the french , for their own reasons , shuffled their non-white subjects from one colony to another or the filmmakers ran out of asian extras and thought any other non-caucasians would do as `` natives . ``
for tropical atmosphere , there is the inevitable brief shot of crocodiles plopping into a river as well as a shot of a swarm of ants on a table where harding has left an open box of chocolates ( why the candy had n't melted to syrup in the umpteen she has been traveling upriver in the tropics is not explained ) .
toward the end , during a mutiny , douglas manages to intimidate an armed , seething mob by holding his head up , removing his gun and marching through them , swiping various menacing individuals on the face with his whip , causing them to draw back .
for some reason never made clear , there are repeated shots of natives operating a huge water wheel ; it 's picturesque .
all of the characters except harding and menjou are seen sweating profusely in every shot .
strange , because these two actors are the most overdressed for the climate .

-1
i imagine when hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together , the talk is not of the master 's great films like `` north by northwest `` or `` strangers on a train `` , but a lesser-known effort like this one from 1931 , obscure and seriously flawed , which showcases the great director in fledgling form .
emily and fred hill ( joan barry and harry kendall ) are a middle-class london couple scrimping to stay ahead .
he begrudges their lot ; she accepts it .
change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle , saying he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of globetrotting luxury .
they make plans for a world cruise .
but their problems have only begun .
just ask richard hannay , roger o. thornhill , or marion crane .
well , marion 's indisposed at the moment , but you get the idea .
travel and hitchcock go together like moths and candlelight , setting one up for a perilous journey at best .
this is perhaps hitchcock 's earliest foray into this theme , and not his most successful or memorable .
hitchcock tries to mix comedy with another element , in this case domestic drama rather than suspense , but the two do not cohere , at least not here .
the hills are a dull , flat couple , with no chemistry or personality .
when they find themselves at the folies bergã¨re , in the form of cross-cutting with footage that looks ten years older than the rest of this film , they are abashed at the outfits of the female performers .
`` the curtain 's gone up too soon ! ``
gasps emily .
`` they are n't dressed . ``
when the hills drift away from each other on an ocean cruise , it seems a mercy killing more than a tragic thing , even if the people they partner off with are drips , too .
emily 's man , gordon ( percy marmont ) carries around photographs of himself sitting next to empty chairs , which he suggests be filled by emily .
fred 's girl `` the princess `` ( betty amann ) has clara bow 's eyes and wallace beery 's five o'clock shadow .
there 's also an obnoxious fellow passenger , a dowdy spinster whom hitchcock always introduces with a cartoonish horn cue .
subtlety was still to come .
everything is shot in an abrupt manner , with confusing blocking and strained dialogue .
hitchcock tries for some early comedy with fred and his umbrella that does n't come off , and kendall seems to aim for laughs while berry plays for tears .
when fred and emily break off , they are seen being jostled on a pair of rickshaws , one of many clunky attempts at symbolism .
emily 's the only vaguely sympathetic character , in part because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with gordon , but mostly because she 's among the first of hitchcock 's many magnetic blondes , her platinum ringlets whipping around her face like a botticelli aboard the open deck of a chinese junk near the film 's conclusion .
matters conclude with a dangerous situation as set-piece for the protagonists to come to grips with , and presumably repair their relationship .
only they are n't active participants in the resolution , and except for the fate of a friendly cat , nothing about the ending resonates .
at least you get some enjoyable views of london in the early 1930s , and a chance to see hitchcock when he was still working for food .
`` rich and strange `` is hitchcock paying his dues , and learning his trade , one for scholars but not casual film goers .

-1
bored londoners henry kendall and joan barry ( as fred and emily hill ) receive an advance on an inheritance .
they use the money go traveling .
their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic betty amann ( for mr. kendall ) and lonely percy marmont ( for ms. barry ) .
but , they remain as boring as they were before .
arguably bored director alfred hitchcock tries to liven up the ( as quoted in the film , from shakespeare 's `` the tempest `` ) `` rich and strange `` by ordering up some camera trickery .
an opening homage to king vidor 's `` the crowd `` is the highlight .
the low point may be the couple dining on chinese prepared cat .
*** rich and strange ( ) alfred hitchcock ~ henry kendall , joan barry , percy marmont , elsie randolph

-1
unless you consider gene autry a major mainstream film star , i ca n't think of another major star besides john wayne who did movie serials .
the duke did three of them and back then i 'm sure he was grateful for the work .
the first of them was the shadow of the eagle .
wayne is a stunt flier for a carnival owned by former world war i ace edward hearn and daughter dorothy gulliver .
back in the war he was shot down and presumed killed .
his fellow squadron members where hearn was known as the eagle , took the plans for something called an aero stabilizer and are building a factory , would n't you know it across the street .
but one of these dudes is looking to cut the others out and starts sending threatening messages to the others with sky writing of all things in the name of the eagle .
talk about telegraphing your punches .
in the manner of serials , wayne , the daughter , the eagle , all get in trouble and rescued over and over until the real culprit and the gimmick with the sky writing is unmasked .
i 'm told by the way the technology the bad guy uses for his sky writing is certainly available now , but was n't quite perfected in 1932 .
what was it , that you have to sit through the serial to find out .
serials were so frighteningly dumb back in the day .
john wayne must have shuddered if you ever mentioned this one at least .

-1
the movie gets a score of 3 because it dared to be so very different .
it features a cast acting while you can hear their thoughts and desires !
this is truly a weird film and an experience i wo n't forget .
the only problem is that the experiment , though in some ways interesting , is generally quite dull and unengaging .
in fact , it 's amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this dull !
the film is based on a eugene o'neill play and it really does seem quite stagy .
in fact , it would have been best just to keep it as a stage production -- it just did n't translate at all to the big screen .
so this movie is only recommended to die-hard cinemaniacs and those who love gable films so much they just have to see all his films !

-1
thelma todd is a lovely lady named thelma todd who has been locked out of her boardinghouse for non-payment of rent .
she needs her clothes for her vaudeville act .
zasu pitts is the cleaning lady at the boardinghouse who wants to be a ballerina .
thelma gets her clothes .
zasu gets to go on stage .
complications ensue .
the idea of rubber limbed ms. pitts ( the prototype for olive oyl ) attempting ballet is a good one executed badly .
( and this is the problem with many shorts -- which were made cheaply and in a hurry ) movie focuses on zasu , who can not carry a movie without material .
thelma is given little to do , except look very pretty .
stumbled on this one on turner classic movies .
it is seriously not worth seeking out , even as an early example of the director who would give us destry rides again .

-1
german expressionism was all the rage in the 20 's -30 's , but camping around with candles in brightly lit rooms and in a outdoor landscape is more funny than anything else , and detracts from anything `` expressionistic `` .
i understand the film was somewhat exposed and that the director liked the result ( ?
) .
the music grinds on ; julian west 's eyes ca n't get any bigger ( is this 1910 ?
) ; good/evil is too christianized ; the english text cards dribble on at a 10 year olds ' level , and finally you just fall asleep , the chuckles wearing thin .
my copy was not the criterion release ( that might help ) , and with another watch perhaps this could come off as an interior play of themes expressed in the great murnau film of a decade prior , but i doubt it .

-1
okay , i 'll admit that my summary will cause a few eyebrows to raise and irritate some of the readers and i am perfectly fine with that !
i love old-time horror films and have seen practically every one there is to see -- so i was very excited to see that this old danish \ french film was coming on tcm .
however , while watching it i just could n't believe my eyes -- it was that bad !
instead of a film that was at least the equal to the great horror movies that had preceded it ( such as nosferatu , the cabinet of dr. caligari , dracula or frankenstein ) , i saw a very , very shoddy production that bored me half to death !
this was n't a very good sound picture technically , as the film really looked like a silent film with some poorly added sound ( it was also pretty hard to hear what was being said ) .
plus , in this english language version , so much of what was being said was n't translated at all -- as if the translators did n't think it was worth translating it ! !
and , the lines were subtitled in huge and annoying text blocks that obscured 1/3 of the screen !
i actually understood some of these lines but could n't believe they were left untranslated !
and considering i am not fluent , i really wished i 'd had a group of un translators with me to help me understand what was said .
in addition , while much of the dialog was left untranslated , the film , at times , was like a book !
so , long , long , long stretches of the film consisted of page after page of text read by some old guy from a book about vampires !
the viewer is allowed to read along with him -- again and again .
if i wanted to read a book , i would have done so -- not watched this film , thank you !
this is n't an exaggeration , as in the over 2300 films i have reviewed for imdb , i have never seen this sort of sloppy and dull work on a captioned film .
okay , now these problems may be due to lousy production values by those who released the film in the english-speaking world and were not due to director , dreyer -- after all , it was not exactly his original vision .
however , despite his sterling reputation as a perfectionist and great director , i would beg to differ .
the camera-work , at times is brilliant and eerie ( the end is magnificent as the man is shown in the coffin -- this is the only reason i score the film a 3 and not a 1 ) .
however , the story is very , very disjoint , dull and technically the folks at universal studios ( and even murnau in 1922 with nosferatu ) were head and shoulders above this film is just about every way .
james whale , the director for most of the greatest universal horror films has pretty much been forgotten and the words `` genius `` or `` master `` rarely appear in regard to him , but technically his films were vastly superior to this dull mess concocted by dreyer .
while i am a huge admirer of foreign films , in this case , the american versions are just so much better .
i am just so amazed that i hated this film on practically every level .
it only improved , somewhat , towards the end , but not enough to make me feel like i had n't wasted my time .
a work of genius ?
you 've got to be kidding !
a semblance of a plot , decent characters and dialog and not just a hollow mess of special effects and dull expressions on the actors ' faces do n't indicate genius , ... or even mediocrity for that matter !

-1
-lsb- i saw this movie once late on a public tv station , so i do n't know if it 's on video or not .
-rsb- this is one of the `` baby `` ( sic ) that shirley temple did in the early 1930s .
it is hard to believe that anyone would let their daughter be in this racy little film which today might just be considered this side of `` kiddie porn `` .
shirley temple stars in a cast which probably has an average age of 5 .
they are all in diapers , and are in a saloon which serves milk instead of alcohol .
the `` cash `` is in the form of lollipops .
shirley playing a `` femme fatale `` sashays up to the bar and talks to soldiers who make suggestive comments about her ( !
) .
but shirley does n't need really their because her purse is full of ones from other `` men `` .
meanwhile a little black boy does a suggestive dance on a nearby table ( !
) .
what a strange film ... infants using racy dialogue playing adult roles in a saloon .
who thought up this stuff any way ?

-1
this film was shown as part of the quota quickies season at the is a complete and utter the reason is the number of writers who worked on this including john paddy carstairs , miles malleson and alma seem to come and go throughout this film with little of all is the young anne is woefully miscast in the she has a accent and other times she has a posh home counties wonder that credited director maurice elvey stormed out after differences with basil dean leaving him to finish the film.the funny thing is that according to the programme notes the film was well received when it do not myself believe that this was a true quota quickie in that it runs 76 dean was expecting the distributors ( rko ) radio to use this as a first feature but they preferred to use this as a support to their hollywood films , this led to dean terminating his distribution arrangement with them and forming his own distribution have to say that this is a pretty turgid piece which could easily lose around 20 minutes and still have left the main story incidental music comes from the rko hit `` rio rita `` .

-1
prepare to have your ears blasted with jackie cooper 's high pitched screeching in a rather pathetic attempt to induce tears .
all it deserves are groans .
a young lad who happens to be crippled is overprotected by his parents who are afraid of him being hurt in normal child activities .
they are constantly at odds with his great uncle who is determined to see the kid living a normal life even with his disability .
the spirited elder , who resembles uncle sam in modern day clothing , is facing the poor house after he moves out in a dispute .
a bratty relative moves in ( looking like little lord fauntleroy , but acting like the artful dodger ) and instantly begins bullying cooper , winning his father 's affections , and keeping him out of other kiddie games .
the uncle secretly encourages cooper to fight in order to retain his dignity and be able to be around his peers .
the whole premise sounds great , and in fact , it starts off fine .
but the script ends up moving into too many clichã©s , and the scene where cooper tearfully pleads to go on a fishing trip with the dad and the bully is just embarrassing .
cooper , usually tougher around this time , is manipulated by the sobby script that destroys his dignity .
obviously this was done to get the sympathy of the all-american mothers , but something tells me that all that happened was a lot of other young kids just laughed at him while watching the movie .
chic sale ( the uncle sam imitator ) makes an attempt to be amusing , but as usual , the pep is somewhat annoying .
overall , the film is nothing more than an overstretched our gang film without the hal roach touch .

-1
this is one of those films that i could only sit through once .
charlotte henry is fine -- in fact , all the actors were fine .
the problem was in the script , the dialog , the direction , the editing , the sets and the special effects .
granted , this was 1933 , but it really creaked .
part of the problem is that actors like richard arlen , gary cooper , w.c. fields and cary grant are not recognizable ( there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming ) .
the movie just clumped along with no cohesion .
much of lewis spirit , humor and continuity are missing .
what a pity !
it 's such a great book .
i would recommend disney 's 1951 version .

-1
i enjoyed the first reviewer 's comment far more than i did the film when i saw it at a second-run theatre in the early ' 80 's .
i was impressed then by the care taken to create costumes modelled so closely after the tenniel drawings .
but to me , the cast was largely squandered , their personalities muffled by the masks , while the direction i think of as being unusually static , and the photography murky .
the rating jotted down at the time was a nought , which means `` not worth sitting through even once `` .
still , i too would jump at a chance to have a second look .

-1
what can have been on irene dunne 's mind when she accepted the role in this distasteful account of a woman of negotiable morals ?
certainly , the irene dunne of the 1940 's , whose reputation as a faithful roman catholic who publicly abhorred smut , and shunned any film scripts or hollywood society , that might be even be remotely construed as corrupting public morals -- would never have become associated with such a dubious project as this .
perhaps , new york 's cardinal spellman , in his private audience with her , gave her a good dressing down over this role ?
that we will likely never know , inasmuch as she never spoke of it in later years , though she did denounce her morally suspect , ( though quite successful ) 1932 film , `` back street `` as `` trash `` .
certainly by the time she received the distinguished st. robert award in 1965 for exemplary public catholicism , `` ann vickers `` was no longer recalled by the general public .
suffice it to say that `` ann vickers `` works neither as entertainment or social commentary .
miss dunne 's role as an adulterous social worker , who sleeps around , ( between reforming prisons and writing a best seller on correctional rehabilitation ) does n't dovetail with her temperament or on screen demeanor , and one keeps suspecting that the whole thing is a kind of tongue in cheek gag , ( what else can we think when we witness a montage of miss dunne 's sympathetic beatific gaze superimposed over a shot of a female prisoner being scourged ?
) by films end , she has renounced careerism in favor of marriage , ( to crusty convict walter huston no less -- and what kind of lunacy would ever conceive of pairing these two romantically ?
) irene dunne completists will no doubt wish to see this curiosity , if only for the chance to hear her promise to rehabilitate a cocaine addict under her charge : `` i 'm going to get you off the snow cold turkey `` ! ! !
well , if nothing else such sordid goings on , do present her light years from her usual milieu of operatic trills , chiffon and strawberry -- cocaine addiction not being the first subject one associates with the irreproachable miss dunne .

-1
this is a bad film , as its central message is very muddled and the plot seems like it was the result of merging several disparate scripts .
as a result , it often makes absolutely no sense at all and certainly is not a film miss dunne or mr. huston should have been proud of making .
however , the film is worth watching if you are a fan of `` pre-code `` films because it features an amazingly sleazy plot that strongly says that nice girls do put out -- even if they are n't married and even if their partner is ! !
the film begins with miss dunne as a social worker assisting troops heading to europe for wwi .
in the process , she meets a scalawag ( bruce cabot ) who eventually convinces her to sleep with him .
she becomes pregnant and he then goes on to the next unsuspecting woman .
however , miss dunne does not want him back , as she realizes he 's not worth it , but later her baby dies at child birth .
while all these very controversial plot elements are used , they are always alluded to -- almost like they wanted the adults in the audience to know but hoped that if they phrase it or film it in just the right way , kids in the audience will be clueless ( after all , films were not rated and kids might attend any film at this time ) .
surprisingly , this entire plot involving a stillborn baby and cabot ends about 1/4 of the way through the film and is never mentioned again or alluded to .
it was as if they filmed part of a movie and abandoned it -- tacking it on to still another film .
in this second phase of the film , miss dunne unexpectedly begins working at a women 's prison ( though we actually never really get to see her doing anything there ) .
what we do see are countless horrible scenes of severe abuse and torture that were probably designed to titillate .
and , as a result of all this violence , miss dunne goes on a crusade to clean up the prison and becomes a reformer and famous writer .
but then , out of the blue , another type of film emerges and the women 's prison reform business goes by the wayside .
dunne meets a judge ( walter huston ) who is married but he desperately wants her .
now throughout the film , dunne is portrayed as a very good girl -- even though she did have unmarried sex with cabot ( she was more or less tricked into it ) .
but now , single irene , who is a tireless reformer and good lady begins sleeping with a married man .
he tells her that he and his wife are estranged and are married in name only , but she never thinks to investigate if this is true , and with his assurance , off flies her clothes and they are in the baby making business !
but , while she 's pregnant with his love child , he 's indicted for being a crooked judge .
he assures her he 's innocent , but he 's convicted and it sure sounds like he 's a scoundrel -- using inside information from people that have come before his bench in order to amass a fortune .
then , in the final moments of the film , miss dunne tries in vain to get him freed and vows to wait with the child until huston is released .
the film then ends .
so , we basically have three separate films and a bizarre early 30s idea of what a nice girl should be like .
i gathered that she should be a strong-minded working girl who instantly becomes an idiot in her personal relationships !
this really undoes all the positives about dunne 's character and it 's really hard to imagine anyone liking the film .
a strong women 's rights advocate might easily be offended at how weak-minded and needy she was and religious people might see her as totally amoral or at least morally suspect !
with a decent re-write , this could have been a good film or at least interesting as a lewd and salacious film , but it could n't make up its mind what it wanted to be and was just another dull pre-code film .

-1
i love lurid , trashy pre-codes .
love 'em a lot !
and i usually love ramon navarro .
but i hated him in this movie , and i hated this movie .
we are supposed to believe that myrna loy 's character ( diana ) loves ramon navarro 's character ( jamil ) , but we are never given any valid reason as to * why * she might feel this way about him .
jamil is a creep , through and through .
not a charming cad .
not a dangerous bad boy .
just a creep .
jamil lures diana to a house under false pretenses and lures another man `` pasha `` there too , letting pasha think that diana is hot for him and wants to meet for a tryst .
jamil then hands pasha a whip as pasha enters diana 's room .
off-screen we hear three blood-curdling screams .
pasha has used the whip on diana .
.
( insert here ) jamil then abducts diana and takes her across the desert .
in the evening he rapes her .
ok , there i said it .
do not believe the other reviewers who say that diana wanted it .
she did n't , and the movie makes that clear to us .
she from jamil 's touch and tries to fight him off .
in the next scene ( after the deed has been done ) , we see her sitting down with her clothes torn and tears on her cheeks .
jamil approaches her and she recoils and flinches in fear .
so you tell me : rape or consensual sex ?
and at the end of the flick , she runs out on her own wedding to a fairly nice guy who clearly loves her , and runs off voluntarily with jamil .
why ? ? ? ?
the movie gives us not one good reason why we should root for this couple or feel sympathy for jamil .
it was just disgusting and vile .
and not in a good way , like oh say kongo or three on a match or sign of the cross or the unknown or any other late 20s / early 30s really great lurid films are .
this one was just pure trash .
do n't waste your time !

-1
i had a video of the thing .
and i think it was my fourth attempt that i managed to watch the whole film without drifting off to sleep .
it 's slow-moving , and the idea of a mid-atlantic platform , which may have been revolutionary at the time , is now just a great big .
apart from conrad veidt , the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable , and it is only in the action towards the end that things get really interesting .
when the water started to spill big-time it even , on one occasion , woke me up .
but give the man his due .
no one could hold a cigarette like conrad veidt .
he does n't wedge it between his index and middle fingers like the lesser mortals .
he holds it in his fingers , while showing us the old .
there are a few scenes in this film where the smoke drifts up to heaven against a dark background , and looks very artistically done .
but it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke .

-1
in the wake of his bravura role in `` frankenstein , `` boris karloff made some terrific grade-b horror movies , many of which made use of his superb speaking voice .
`` the man they could not hang , `` `` the walking dead , `` `` the black cat `` and `` the devil commands `` for example .
sorry but `` the ghoul `` is n't one of them .
it 's a talky , confusing yarn about a dying and the precious jewel he believes will give him immortal life .
atmospherically , it looks as if it was filmed by the light of a 50 watt bulb .
among the actors , ernest thesiger as karloff 's disloyal servant has a field day but cedric hardwicke as the family solicitor appears to have wandered in from the remake of a dickens classic ( along with his law office set , ) anthony bushnell as a romantic young swain ca n't act and kathleen harrison 's comic at meeting a sheik are straight from a music hall .
hopefully , karloff had a wonderful time going home to england , suddenly a star at the age of 45 after years of struggle as a character actor .
but while his deathbed scene at the start of `` the ghoul `` is the high spot of the movie , he probably should have stuck to seeing the sights .

-1
in this screen adaptation of `` the island of dr. moreau , `` edward parker ( richard arlen ) is a from a ship who , after he gets in a fight with the captain of the boat who saves him , is thrown onto a vessel headed for a mysterious island which , of course , the local sea-faring folk know and fear ... dr. moreau 's island , of course .
there he finds a laboratory named `` the house of pain `` ( ugh ... ) , weird creatures , and a sexy vamp played by kathleen burke .
done almost completely without a score , consisting of poor dialog and action shot on overexposed film , and cut without even a moment 's thought towards continuity or making sense , the low score i give this film reflects it 's quality ... the stars it does it are given , afterall , for its camp value .
and what great camp value it is , seeing arlen run around saying things that make no sense at all , coming to conclusions when he should n't and not `` getting it `` when he should .
burke is sufficiently sexy enough to provide great eye-candy while waiting for the things to finally get angry and do something scary .
charles laughton provides probably the most fun part of the movie with his humorously nonsensical portrayal of moreau .
it 's yet another of the millions of examples out there of something you can sit around with some buddies and laugh at ... assuming , of course , they have the patience for such a thing .
if it has n't been , it should have been .
-- polarisdib

-1
this warner brothers picture sure is a strange one !
while you 'd think that this company making a movie about women in prison during the pre-code era would be a lot racier and more exciting , it really was n't .
i was pretty much expecting a bogart or raft style film with women but the prison looked more like a day spa and the plot was a lot of hooey -- making this a rare flop for barbara stanwyck .
barbara is the `` inside man `` during a bank robbery and everyone but her escapes .
while in police custody , a bizarre reformer talks to barbara -- telling her that he recognized her as a childhood friend .
he wanted to help her and since it was n't conclusive that she was involved in the holdup , he was arranging with the district attorney to release her to his care .
at this point , she confesses that she was a part of the gang and he has no choice but to tell the d.a . and she is sent to prison .
now this really did n't make any sense .
why would he stick his neck out for someone he barely knew and why would street-wise stanwyck confess when she about to be released ?
when she arrives in prison for a 2-5 year stretch , i was amazed , as the place seemed nicer than most motel 6 's !
the cell was decorated by june cleaver , some of the women sat around while the black prisoners did their bidding and there was no violence or swearing or much of anything .
perhaps calling it `` like a day spa `` was overstating it a bit , but not by much because inside they also had hair salons !
in fact , considering how bad the depression was , if they had run women 's prisons that way , millions of ladies would have committed crimes just to be locked up in this nice abode !
well , apparently this palace of women is next door to the men 's prison at san quentin and barbara agrees to help some men in their escape attempt .
when the attempt backfires and the guys are killed , she blames the reformer from earlier in the story ! ?
this really made no sense at all , but what happened next made it look like the writers either were chimps or perhaps they 'd just been drinking .
after she served her full sentence , she got out and went to murder the reformer .
but after shooting him in the arm , he covers for her and they get married and live happily ever after !
i am not kidding and i am not under the influence of drugs -- this really is the plot .
sure , there was a bit more to it but the outline and description of life in prison is what was in the film !
while this was shown as part of the `` homosexuals in hollywood `` theme for turner classic movies in june , the image of a cigar-smoking lesbian inmate was barely noticeable and she was not a major character in the film .
apart from a vague crack made about her and a pretty younger blonde sharing her cell , there was n't a lot to this aspect of the film .
of course , had the film been made a couple years later ( after the strict production code was enforced ) , this innocent enough character would have been eliminated altogether .
a dull , silly and utterly frivolous little picture that ms. stanwyck could n't have felt proud having made .
it 's definitely very skip-able , but also quite watchable ... if you like seeing train wrecks !

-1
by force of personality , one of the best the screen ever saw , barbara stanwyck put over many a film , especially if she had something to work with .
but there were films where even she could do nothing with the potboiler material she got and ladies they talk about is definitely that kind of material .
the odd thing is that this with a little more subtle treatment could have been as remembered a women 's prison picture classic like caged .
there are moments here , but few and far between .
stanwyck is in a role that probably joan blondell was too busy to do .
she 's a wisecracking depression era babe getting by on her wits and looks .
she 's the front for a gang of bank robbers headed by lyle talbot .
as the film opens stanwyck and the gang rob a bank with them getting away and barbara being caught .
she goes to prison , but not before running into radio personality and ` reformer ' preston foster who was from their old home town .
later on talbot and company also get arrested and are in the men 's section of the same prison .
after this the plot gets so ridiculous and shrill that it boggles the mind .
barbara still loves foster buts hates him as well for what she conceives as betrayal .
it really was actually , but that depends on your point of view .
and foster actually looks embarrassed on screen mouthing a lot of sanctimonious blather .
he 's a ` crusader ' whatever that means .
the best way you can describe him is he 's a kind of a billy sunday without the degree from the seminary .
foster must have kicked and screamed about this part and should have fired his agent .
the best scenes are in the prison and they hold up .
but overall the film is horribly dated with characters that people would laugh off the screen today .

-1
i was surprised a few years back when i watched my first betty boop cartoon .
despite it coming from the 1930s ( when most cartoons were way too cutesy for my taste ) , i enjoyed it and have since watched quite a few more .
well , compared to the average boop cartoon , `` mother goose land `` is inferior .
now the animation , as in all these cartoons , was very nice .
but apart from that , there was n't much to recommend it .
betty is reading a book of mother goose stories when a witch ( or is it mother herself ?
) comes out of the book and transports betty to mother goose land .
there you mostly see various character make cameos ( most of which are amazingly dull ) -- all accompanied with a song that was only fair at best .
then , she 's kidnapped by a spider but instead of being interesting , was actually a bit cruel , as a flock of black birds fly the creature way , way into the sky and drop him to his death -- after which everyone celebrates .
it 's really weird how they managed to make a cartoon that was both very saccharine and a bit creepy !
not particularly enjoyable overall and it lacks the cute gags which usually could keep the attention of the adults .
strictly for the very undemanding kids out there .

-1
other than a couple of tense flying sequences , it 's pretty much a wasted 84 minutes of your life .
john barrymore has some fun chewing up the scenery , but the rest of the cast is wasted in clichã©d melodrama .
lionel barrymore scratches himself constantly in a vain attempt to give his character some defining quality .
helen hayes plays a typical wire waiting for her man .
myrna loy has basically one scene , playing the wife sending her man off .
clark gable appears only in the cockpit and has about five lines , i think .
robert montgomery probably has the most fleshed-out character , but in the end even he remains a cypher .
not all lost films are great ...

-1
while i am a huge fan of the early disney cartoons , it 's hard to like `` old king cole `` .
it has practically nothing going for it .
for example , although the cartoon is in color ( as were all the silly symphony shorts at this time ) , the colors are very splashy and not at all pleasing to the eye .
and , oddly , the characters ' faces are all white and washed out -- making the cartoon appear to have been hastily made .
additionally , there really is no story -- just lots of annoying characters popping out of a storybook .
they sing and dance , but none of it is appealing -- it 's all like a steady diet of saccharine !
some other cartoon producers specialized in making annoying cartoons like this ( such as the dreadful harmon-ising shorts ) , but this is very atypical of disney .
sure , their silly symphonies were known for singing and dancing , but usually the songs are good and there is some plot -- here in `` old king cole `` the songs are bad , the animation is bad and the overall product will have you wondering why in heaven you watched it in the first place !
pretty terrible .

-1
while this is n't one of miss davies ' very worst films , it is pretty bad .
and it 's sad that in a revisionist fashion , recent imdb raters have deliberately over-inflated the scores on some of her films to make up for her being slighted in the past -- or so it seems .
for years , conventional wisdom has been that davies was a terrible actress and only got the roles she got because her beau , william randolph hearst , bought her way into hollywood .
this certainly is the image created in orson welles ' citizen kane .
it is true that hearst did use his considerable wealth and clout to build davies ' career .
with all this money , it 's not surprising that she made some excellent films and it is n't surprising that people got snippy due to all the extra attention she got .
sleeping with the man who finances your films is bound to get noticed .
however , despite this edge , she also made a decent number of bad films and i think we really need balance when it comes to the scores of her movies .
after all , no rational person could believe that as of today ( ) , peg o ' my heart and two other davies films recently shown on turner classic movies ( the florodora girl and marianne ) deserved the exceptionally high scores -- ranking them higher than such films as high noon , ben hur , the best years of our lives and all quiet on the western front ! !
in fact , marianne would now rank as the fifth best movie ever according to imdb with a score of 8.8 ! ! !
considering most people out there do n't even know who marion davies was and most of her movies were financial disasters , this is a serious problem ! !
however , she was a much better actress than citizen kane implied and initially broke into films before she began sleeping with hearst .
what sets peg o ' my heart apart from these two other movies , is that marianne and the florodora girl were pleasant little films -- while peg o ' my heart is in some ways just terrible .
much of the reason was the terrible miscasting of marion .
while her french accent in marianne was cute , in peg her irish accent just sounded bizarre -- not particularly irish .
plus , and perhaps i 'm mistaken , but her continual use of the word ` ye ' makes her sound like she should be doing shakespeare , not a film set in 1933 ireland !
also , there was a bizarre insistence that marion should be the consummate multi-talented star -- so they had her not just act but dance and sing .
the singing actually fit the scripts in some of her films , but here it seemed out of place and seriously detracted from the film .
it just seemed like you could almost hear hearst shouting out `` see -- she is a great actress -- look at her sing and dance `` .
sadly , marion just looked uncomfortable and out of place in many of these scenes .
but for me , the biggest problem was the idea of having 36 year-old marion playing such a youthful role .
it was obvious that the character she played at the beginning of the film was supposed to be like the ones mary pickford played in the teens and twenties -- complete with the pig tails and plucky attitude .
miss pickford could carry off these roles even though she , too , was n't a girl any more .
but here , marion had put on a bit of weight and looked at least 30 .
no offense -- she looked fine for her age -- but she did not look like a teen !
oddly , with the millions that hearts spent on marion 's career , he never realized that the most important thing he needed to spend his money on was a good script and one that fit marion 's talents .
believe me , i have rated several of her films very high ( i especially adore show people ) , but here she just could n't help but flop -- this film was a turkey .

-1
this is easily the weakest three stooges film i 've seen : it is a straightforward filming of their stage act , but it was n't filmed in front of a live audience .
watching ted healy struggle to sell the act to a camera is painful - the lack of audience reaction saps his confidence , and his lack of confidence destroys his timing : the whole film sags as a result .
there is n't any canned laughter to ease the tension , either ( the three stooges never used canned laughter - their films were meant to be shown in a cinema , where you 'd be surrounded by a laughing audience ) .
i do n't mind the busby berkeley-style dance numbers : for me , they 're a relief from the ordeal of watching ted floundering .
the stooges themselves seem more at ease , so this film may have helped influence the columbia executives toward offering the three stooges a contract - without ted .

-1
despite this film having one of the more amazing groups of character actors for support , this is truly an awful film .
it just goes to show you that no matter what talent you have assembled , it means nothing if the writing is bad -- and boy , is it bad !
even the combined supporting talents of frank mchugh , allen jenkins , akim tamiroff , franklin pangborn , edgar kennedy , sterling holloway and others could n't help ginger rogers elevate this mess to even mediocrity .
the bottom line is the basic plot is n't at all believable and the dialog is n't any better .
normally when i watch older films , i am able to suspend disbelief and just enjoy , but this time it was a major chore not to just turn the movie off about midway through it !
ginger plays a radio star who is portrayed as so saccharine that it 's impossible to believe that the public could stand her , though according to the film she 's america 's sweetheart !
well , ginger rebels against this as well , but her answer is to hang out in nightclubs and get drunk and have sex ( it 's a `` pre-code `` film , so this sort of subject was not taboo in 1933 ) .
it 's all very broadly acted and written and is supposed to be a sort of screwball comedy -- the problem is that none of it is funny .
what happens next and how everyone becomes happy in the end is n't really anything i want to discuss -- i just want to never see this film again .
it 's a good thing ms. rogers had the fred astaire films to boost her career -- if it was up to drivel like this , she never would have become famous !

-1
clearly once again i watched a different film to the majority of the people who have reviewed it here .
frankly it 's beyond dire and god alone knows how any of the cast survived to actually have careers in movies .
arguably the most distinguished is celia parker , the canadian actress playing the daughter of george ( the ` gabby ' came later ) hayes and who , some four years later , played for the first time the elder sister of andy hardy , a role she reprised throughout the series .
john wayne is risible in the opening sequence which sees him riding a horse with no hands , the hands being engaged in holding and strumming a guitar as he warbles a song that is even worse than elton john could aspire to .
the plot - and it had to be ancient even in 1933 - is the old chestnut about the local ` businessman ' holding the settlers to ransom because he owns all the water for miles around .
if you 're wondering how come i watched this piece of cheese at all it 's because i bought a dvd containing three movies , two half decent titles starring respectively jimmy stewart and jimmy cagney and then this turkey to make up the numbers .
for masochists only .

-1
son of kong had the incapable task of being a good sequel to the original king kong film .
this film is considerably worse than the original and is easily one of the worst sequels ever made .
it starts off with carl denham leaving his apartment to go and see the ship captain englehorn from their last voyage to skull island .
they then decide to leave and go after the treasure of skull island .
on the way they stop at an island and listen to a girl named hilda play guitar .
hilda has her father killed by a strange man named nils helstrom who also sold the map to the treasure of skull island to denham .
helstrom goes along with denham and later hilda is found aboard the ship as well .
upon arriving at skull island the crew throws denham , englehorn , hilda , and helstrom out of the boat .
they land on skull island and find a baby kong that is all white .
later it helps them find the treasure but an earthquake starts that destroys the island just after everyone , other than the baby kong , escapes .
this film just is not good .
without king kong in it at all it is really depressing and boring .
the baby kong is not nearly as fun to watch on screen as his supposed father was .
that was one thing that always confused me .
if this little kong 's father was king kong , would n't there need to be another female kong out there ?
they never involved a female kong .
kind of weird .
this film is weird .
hilda , the female who is not mentioned by name in this movie , goes with denham on his ship .
also the man who killed her father is on the ship and this does not seem to bug her all that much .
there are a few monster fights between little kong and a bear like creature as well as a serpent like monster .
they are similar in ways to king kongs fights but not done nearly as well .
dinosaurs make brief appearances in this film .
a attacks denham 's friends when they are in the jungle and the brontosaurus is seen briefly .
that bugged me because the brontosaurus was my favorite dinosaur from the original king kong .
the ending is weird in that skull island is completely destroyed .
i guess they did not want to leave it open for more bad sequels .
definitely not a good movie .
one of the worst sequels ever .
do not watch it unless you want to see each king kong film .

-1
rko rushed this cheapie sequel out to capitalize on the success of the original * kong * , and it 's easy to tell that it was a rush job .
it starts out with an interesting premise : showman carl denham is being sued ( and faces possible criminal charges ) for his part in kong 's new york rampage .
unfortunately , this is the last interesting thing in the film .
the script meanders aimlessly , there is no real conflict or resolution , and the kong concept is treated with jokey disrespect .
young children might enjoy watching baby kong ; fans of the real kong should probably skip this one .

-1
tarzan the fearless has swimming icon buster crabbe in the role of edgar rice burroughs noble savage of the african jungle .
what i 'm reviewing is a condensed version of a tarzan serial which this film was .
condensed when referring to serials is never good .
i 'm not a big fan of serials in general , but editing them down to feature film you lose a whole lot of continuity .
i have to confess i gave up trying to follow the plot .
crabbe though was one magnificent specimen .
we have a blond ` jane ' played by julie bishop who with her fiancã© edward woods is on an expedition to find her scientist father e. alyn warren .
bishop and woods have a pair of treacherous guides in philo mccullough and matthew betz who 've got an agenda of their own which is to locate a fortune in emeralds from the lost people of zar whom warren is trying to locate and study .
crabbe even in the condensed version is wrestling with lions and crocodiles and the people of zar bailing these intruders out of trouble .
all in all viewed today it 's pretty silly .

-1
in an attempt to cash-in on mgm 's successful `` tarzan the ape man `` ( 1932 ) starring johnny weissmuller , producer sol lesser went ahead with a serial follow-up .
perhaps not expecting its revival would become so valuable a property , mgm had not fully secured the rights .
cashing in on cashing in , the first four chapters of the `` tarzan `` serial were edited into a feature-length `` tarzan the fearless `` .
the full 12-part serial is presently lost .
this is not a good film , but it 's worth seeing handsome buster crabbe in the lead role ; he has a different , more spirited , take on the jungle man .
watchers should be advised that mr. crabbe 's loincloth seems to be missing half of its backside , but his front is securely covered .
*** tarzan the fearless ( ) robert f. hill ~ buster crabbe , julie bishop , e. alyn warren , edward woods

-1
the dvd for `` tomorrow at seven `` by alpha video is not especially high in quality .
one thing all alpha releases have in common is that the company does nothing to restore the films to watchable pictures .
this one has a decent quality picture but the sound is very annoying -- as there is a his that constantly fades in and out .
you ca n't help but notice it and i would assume most people would just stop watching it because of this .
i , however , am a masochist and watched the entire dvd .
`` tomorrow at seven `` is a murder whodunnit about an unknown killer who refers to himself as ` the black ace ' .
to help investigate the murders is chester morris ( who is good as usual ) and two half-witted jerks ( alan jenkins and frank mchugh ) who pretty much ruin the film .
their stupid detective routines runs very thin after a while and even for a 1930s murder film , they are incredibly stupid and 100 % unbelievable .
a couple of tomatoes in these roles would have been more believable and enjoyable .
it 's a shame , as i usually like these two supporting actors in films but their parts were just way overdone and seriously impeded an otherwise decent plot .
it 's sad , as charles middleton , henry stephenson , grant mitchell , chester morris , frank mchugh and allan jenkins make up would should be a very good cast -- the director should have been able to put these folks to better use .

-1
this is held up by some decent performances from the lead actors , but overall it comes across as a rather lifeless murder mystery .
a killer called `` the black ace `` is on the loose .
he announces his intentions to kill in advance by sending an ace of spades to his next victim .
the movie opens with one of the killings and then shifts to the victim 's best friend , thornton drake ( henry stephenson ) who is the next announced victim when an ace of spades shows up along with a letter announcing that he 'll be killed `` tomorrow at seven . ``
to avoid his fate , he bundles those around him on a plane and travels to his plantation in new orleans , but on the way the plane 's lights go off and there 's another murder on board in the dark , with an obviously limited number of suspects .
in new orleans , the search continues .
stephenson was good in his role , and chester morris ( as crime novelist neil broderick ) was decent enough as well .
those two aside , though , there really did n't seem to be a great deal of energy in this .
particularly disappointing were the attempts to inject a degree of comedy into the story , revolving around the futile attempts of a couple of keystone cop type of characters to identify and catch the murderer .
they really were n't that funny , and they took away from whatever degree of suspense there might have been as we came closer to learning the killer 's identity .
it 's nothing noteworthy ; very much a product of its times .
( 3/10 )

-1
potential viewers be warned , the current imdb viewer rating for `` tomorrow at seven `` is an anomaly of low voter turnout .
it has an interesting premise , a killer leaves an ace of spades calling card at the scene of his crimes , while alerting the victim in advance .
the execution falls flat however , and to say that the movie has it 's share of plot holes would be to imply that there actually is a plot .
chester morris portrays mystery writer neil broderick , weaving elements of actual murders by the ace of spades killer into his latest novel .
broderick intends to interview a wealthy businessman for his book , but first he has to get past the man 's eccentric secretary - `` if you line his relatives up , you 'd have enough nuts to hold a ford together `` .
that line unceremoniously endears him to the `` nut 's `` daughter martha ( vivienne osborne ) , who offers to make the introductions .
broderick meets thornton drake ( henry stephenson ) just as the latter is about to complete a jigsaw puzzle delivered by a courier that morning .
the only remaining pieces , as we learn in the following scene , form the bold , black shape of the ace of spades containing the words `` at seven tomorrow night `` .
now what person putting together a puzzle does n't use the pieces with contrasting colors first !
initially i was intrigued by the appearance of frank mchugh and allen jenkins in their roles as a pair of police detectives summoned to the drake residence .
generally , their characters are colorful enough to offer genuine comic relief , but here they 're just plain annoying .
mchugh 's clancy in particular winds up shouting objections to inane comments made by his partner dugan , and both usually head in the opposite direction when real trouble might turn up .
now here 's a question - in light of the identity of the ace killer , why would he have invited a novelist and a pair of cops that he just met , on a flight to his louisiana plantation ?
especially when at seven o'clock , all parties would be a captive audience aboard the plane when the first murder is committed .
it 's not drake however who 's dead , but his secretary austin winters ( grant mitchell ) .
the early suspicion falls on pilot henderson ( cornelius keefe ) following a lights out scene , but henderson still has n't reported the murder to his supervisor until well after he arrives at drake 's plantation with everyone else .
can you imagine anyone trying to get away with that today , unless your name was ted kennedy ?
with the cause of death yet to be determined , the local coroner is called in , but the first one that shows up ( a broderick accomplice ) is a phony .
yet , when the real coroner shows up , he simply disappears immediately after !
in a second dark out scene , a letter from the murder victim austin winters is about to be read .
it winds up missing when the lights return , and because it may point to the murderer , it becomes a clue that must be retrieved .
so where was the letter ?
winters ' daughter martha grabbed it and placed in on the mantle of the living room !
how much thought was put into this ?
obviously , the entire affair is so inane that morris ' character solves the case rather easily .
even though the film comes in at just about an hour , it becomes almost a chore to watch with all the nonsense going on .
there 's really only one humorous moment worth repeating ; while aboard the plane , the detectives have this exchange : dugan - `` hey clancy , how often do these things fall ? ``
clancy - `` once ! ``
except for mchugh and jenkins , i ca n't say i 've seen any of the other players in films of the era , though i 'm a fan of most `` b `` grade mystery movies from the ' 30 's through the ' 50 's .
fortunately , the pair fares much better backing up humphrey bogart in a goofy 1938 gem - `` swing your lady `` , where the laughs are intentional .
the best i can offer about `` tomorrow at seven `` is a quote from martha winters about midway though this turkey - `` this is just a silly waste of time `` .

-1
strauss 's great waltz will go down as your most atypical alfred hitchcock film .
mainly because at this time he was not an icon in the film profession but a contract director pictures .
the hitchcock stamp is definitely not on this one .
but it is the only musical in his career so you would think something better would have come from it , especially since he had the united kingdom 's number one musical star at the time jessie matthews .
who has no real musical numbers , talk about strange .
her singing and dancing talents may have been left on the cutting room floor .
the story was covered far better in mgm 's high gloss film , the great waltz .
young johann strauss , jr. is considered by his father to be the least promising of his offspring and the senior strauss edmund gwenn ridicules his efforts at composing at every opportunity .
young strauss who is esmond knight in this film has even gone to work in a bakery , in real life strauss wanted his son to be a banker .
countess fay compton however encourages knight 's genius and we all know what happened after that .
the musical with book and lyrics by guy bolton had a nice run on the london stage .
obviously hitchcock just did n't have his heart in this assignment and sadly the results show .

-1
young composer esmond knight ( as johann `` schani `` strauss ) goes to work in a bakery .
he meets and falls in love with singer jessie matthews ( as rasi ) .
their relationship must survive interfering father edmund gwenn ( as johann strauss ) and tempting older woman fay compton ( as helga von stahl ) .
watching the bakers toss rolls , as well as mix batter , inspires mr. knight to write `` strauss ' great waltz `` ( the us title of this film ) .
a full orchestral version of `` the blue danube `` is eventually heard .
the british cast and director alfred hitchcock have reputations greater than this dull affair .
*** waltzes from vienna ( ) alfred hitchcock ~ esmond knight , jessie matthews , edmund gwenn , fay compton

-1
it was films like this that caused bette davis to flee to england in an attempt to break her hollywood contract .
during the early '30s , she was forced into quickies with weak stories , bland co-stars and mediocre directors and was never given much chance to utilize her talents as a superb actress .
she is co-starred here with charles farrell , who was a superstar of the silents but did n't seem to click in talkies .
( he went on the gain fame on television in `` my little margie `` and personal fame as the mayor of palm springs ) .
ricardo cortez plays his usual role as a gangster , this time utilizing farrell 's training as a pharmacists to black market bogus drugs .
they start with toothpaste ! ! ! !
... but soon move on to more dangerous territory .
frankly , i found the premise just a bit ridiculous and the acting even more so .
miss davis looks like she would rather be somewhere else and has little to do .
cortez really overdoes it and farrell is just downright bad .
if you like bette davis , then you might want to see this film if for no other reason than to get a glimpse of what low grade junk assignments she had to put up with early in her career .
otherwise , it 's not worth it .

-1
i ca n't say anything other than the fact that i 'm highly disappointed .
karloff ( usually pretty good ) and lugosi ( could be good ) were never great actors and are basically good at just one thing , looking scary ( exaggeration ) .
it will therefor be a bad idea to put them in a film that requires them to have long dialogs and show emotions .
their supporting cast is also incredibly weak , at best they `` try `` to be theatrical .
were did they find these people ?
luckily for them they can give the excuse that the plot and dialog was rubbish as well .
there 's no real room for character development and it rushes over everything .
all thought of these peoples mental states are overlooked .
character wants to kill but waits and waits and waits even longer .
the reason he gives at first is that he does n't want married couple put in danger but even when they are he just plays along .
as a matter of fact circumstances is the only reason why the wife is n't killed .
at numerous points in this film i ca n't help but ask myself whether they were running out of film .
not only is it just an hour long but they rushes everything and just jumps from setting to setting .
also the movie never takes the time to show details `` the car crashes , guy takes one look and says `` the drivers dead `` , all of them wanders up without saying or discussing anything `` .
and why does n't he kill karloff whenever he gets the chance ?
because then the suspense would be over .
oh and lets mix in a satanic cult - and then forget about them completely .
oh and the brief comedic duo , give me a break , mildly amusing but hardly worth anything .
this is so thin one could cry .
and again back to the acting : look at how bela reacts to the cat or how is servant looks when he first falls .
and just look at the actors faces , expressions , etc . .
servant for example .
the direction was incredibly mediocre as well and there 's not too much atmosphere .
he does try to play with shadows a little bit but he 's not too successful .
he is also the one who could be blamed be blamed for the rushing .
it 's like he does n't want us to get to know anyone .
this is clearly not a character drama ( no need for it to be ) , but we should get something .
and why in the world call it the black cat ?
this is based on poes poem ?
bela sees a black cat in two scenes and it has a connection to satanism ?
it 's pretty clear to me that this was thrown together extremely quick and was made only to make a few fast bucks .

-1
in 1934 director edgar g. ulmer along with universal studios put together on the same screen two of the biggest horror legends of all time for the first time , bela lugosi ( dracula ) and boris karloff ( ) .
the result was the film `` the black cat `` and it was the biggest box office hit of the studio in that year .
what really amazes many people ( including me ) is the cult status this film gained in the following years considering that it 's more like a dramatic soap opera than a horror film .
based on a short story written by edgar allan poe the plot involves a young couple on honeymoon that during a travel in europe they met a mysterious man ( lugosi ) in a train , and after that this man helps the couple but they suffer an accident and end up in the house of this man and other mysterious man ( karloff ) .
this two mens are making some strange experiences involving resurrection of dead people and stuff like that and the woman of the couple might be sacrificed for this deadly purpose .
back in those times it might have been a truly scary film , particularly the famous scene where karloff has his skin removed by lugosi in a torture scene ( relax folks because it 's only shadows on the screen , ulmer could n't show nothing similar like the `` saw `` movies with all that gore ) .
for today 's audience , better quoting for today 's standards of horror movies this is almost meaningful , no sign of scary things and even boring with a short running time ( less than an hour and a half ) .
it 's importance , like so many film directors are used to say over and over again of how good it was , expired .
it 's cheap and it really adds nothing to me in terms of scary things .
sorry john landis but you 're wrong .
i know when he watched it he was young , it was scary back then but now it 's not even funny to watch it .
why i mentioned landis ?
just watch his excited testimony on a documentary about the life and work of edgar g. ulmer and landis talks all the time that `` the black cat `` was his favorite ulmer film .
for today 's audiences it 's very hard to find a horror movie released before the 1970 's that it is actually frightening , haunting and scary .
the oldest horror movie that really has a unshaken importance and it 's still relevant today is `` nosferatu `` directed by murnau .
that one with its expressionism elements and max schreck playing the title creature is very scary until today and it 's a masterpiece of the horror genre .
`` the black cat `` only has few good moments ( all the scenes with karloff ) and it only make me bored and thinking about how lugosi was so dead on scene and that karloff without the frankenstein 's makeup resembles actor danny huston .
perhaps danny huston could star in a karloff 's biopic .
that would be swell .
3/10

-1
a loretta young vehicle .
she plays letty , a single mother with an obstreperous son , mickey ( jackie kelk ) .
letty has some sort of job wearing dresses at nightclubs -- it 's a little obscure , but the point is , she gets to look pretty .
mickey gets knocked over by a milk truck driven by dairy magnate malcolm trevor ( cary grant ) , and letty , mickey , and a shady lawyer try to get damages , but somebody 's taken film of mickey running and jumping , so they throw the case out of court and mickey gets taken away , first by matrons , and then by the soft-hearted trevor .
mickey rather likes the posh life , and the affection of trevor and his wife alyce ( marion burns ) .
then the scheming letty tries to get her son back by fascinating trevor -- easily done -- but the noble response of the wife , first in not making a fuss , and then saving mickey from drowning in the swimming pool , changes her mind .
she dumps trevor , though he 's ready to divorce his wife for her , and walks away , teary-eyed .
big unselfish act , probably her first .
the movie ends rather abruptly , after letty 's friend remembers some incident or other from the boy 's infancy , saying something about how cute he was .
letty gazes tearfully into the middle distance .
`` yeah , `` she says .
that 's the end .
the bad girl goes good .
young does a decent enough job with this melodrama .
the kid kelk is , , and a ham .
grant is mostly a stick figure -- any upright actor would do .
good thing it 's only an hour long .

-1
this lame harold lloyd sound film has nary a laugh in it , and makes one wonder if this lloyd is even the same one that made all of those delightful and hilarious silents .
lloyd 's boyish likability becomes fey and limp when we can hear him talk , and a sluggish , restrained pace replaces the zany antics of his silents .
lloyd plays a young son of a missionary who grows up in china and then finds himself transplanted to contemporary new york city without a clue as to how life outside his chinese village works .
he finds himself an unlikely victor in a mayoral election and quickly draws the ire of all the government organizations because he refuses to look the other way in the face of rampant corruption .
when he 's framed in an attempt to bring him down , he decides to play just as dirty as everyone else , and stages a fake execution of every crook in nyc as a scare tactic .
this darkly satiric ending feels out of place next to everything else in the movie , but it 's the only part of the film that comes remotely to life .
everything else is a dull bore .
i do n't like having to admit that a harold lloyd movie fails , because i like him so much , but i do n't have a choice with this one .
grade : d

-1
while i acknowledge that over the course of his extensive film-making career demille did manage to produce a good film every now and then , but this was the worst epic i have ever seen ( and trust me , i 've seen a lot ) .
clearly having no respect for cleopatra , he reduced an incredibly intelligent queen to an airhead floozy bitch .
not perfect and being very young , cleopatra did pretty good , especially with the entire roman empire and surrounding countries opposed to a woman ruling egypt .
i hate to do this ( because i think the term is used ) , but demille was a sexist pig who wanted to make every man who came into contact with her a martyr .
like the romans , he just could n't handle portraying a powerful woman as respectable or intelligent .
he found more satisfaction instead to make her snappy , impulsive , and stupid .
but he could sell tickets as long as he made sure she was in the latest fashion .
was this demille 's way of telling the ladies to stay in the kitchen ?
... oh yeah , and that the penalty for not bending over was death .
not intending to promote another film while reviewing this one , i highly recommend the '63 version .
while complaints rise and rise about the length , demille 's version is less than two hours long and i find myself dozing nearly every twenty minutes .
i have watched the '63 version multiple times and still rarely blink , it 's so spectacular .
not just the set or the soundtrack ( with the annoying saxophone ) , but the portrayal of cleopatra herself .
i acknowledge that version was n't perfect , but it was relatively historically accurate and the casting , directing , and especially the writing ( by the amazing mankiewicz , one of the few men who understand women ) were sublime .
hopefully somewhere in the near version , a better version will be made and hopefully it wo n't be as big of a financial bust as in ' 63 .
i would never recommend this film to anyone ( except maybe as a joke to a women 's studies professor ) .
it degrades women and completely insults cleopatra , not understanding her at all .
just to get a feeling -- imagine elizabeth i portrayed as the illiterate castle whore who passes all governmental responsibilities and duties to robert dudley .
then you 'll get a real picture of this film 's meaning .

-1
it 's just not worth the hour and a half you have to give up to see this movie .
the two leads fall predictably in love within the first 15 minutes and , for reasons unclear , decide to pretend not to love each other until the last 10 minutes .
not excruciatingly bad , but nowhere near good .
just kinda ambles across the screen and bores everyone in its path .
i 'm pretty sure it 's a comedy , but do n't hold me to that .

-1
supreme pictures needs a big gimmick for its latest picture , the racketeer .
call on the studio 's pr man dan ryan who convinces the studio president and its temperamental director that since this is a gangster picture , why not use a real life gangster in the lead ?
everyone likes and tony capello , transplanted mobster from the east becomes the star , however this is a trick by ryan since capello is just a struggling actor and this was a ruse to get to stay on as director .
things get further complicated after capello slugs big time crime boss joe romano at a nightclub , and romano goes after capello and leading lady doris dawn in revenge .
everything about the film was done on the cheap including all production and artistic aspects of the film .
the script does n't follow any sort of organization and eason 's direction ( which this is the worst of ) seems to be aim the camera and shoot approach .
the characters are just dull people that usually get two second performances in b pictures , despite the fact that everyone tries playing their roles to the hilt .
rating , 3 .

-1
because kiss and make-up was made very early in his career , i guess i can understand why cary grant could make such a bad film .
but make no mistakes -- this is a bad film .
while the first 90 % is n't great , the finale is truly one of the most wretched scenes in grant 's wonderful career .
the film has very unusual casting because cary is cast as a plastic surgeon and beauty guru of sorts .
he is so famous that his practice is making him a fortune , he has a radio show and women adore him .
through all this , he has a secretary who adores him .
it 's incredibly obvious to the audience and , of course , cary ca n't see this -- a movie clichã© indeed .
this potential romance with his nice secretary is nixed when a vain society lady falls for cary .
this lady is considered the ideal beauty and cary is proud of his creation -- the only trouble is that she 's still married to edward everett horton .
though he is only too happy to give divorce her .
cary finds out why , as his new wife spends every second of the day working on her beauty -- taking 4 and a half hours to dress for a dinner , eating lettuce and lean ham , refusing to go into the sun or swim .
she 's as much fun as an enema and the marriage fizzles almost immediately .
at this point , cary finally realizes that his secretary is the woman for him -- but she 's about to marry horton .
so in a `` madcap `` finale , he chases her in a cab through the streets of paris .
as for the finale , it truly stinks .
it looks more like a chase scene from a 3 stooges short -- one of their poorer ones at that ! !
from the film to go from subtle comedy and romance to slapstick was abrupt and unnecessary .
in fact , nothing about this ending worked at all and made me cringe .
you 'll just have to see it for yourself to understand how a sub-par grant film became one of his worst due to this ending .
by the way , if you care , the worst film cary grant made during his great career was once upon a time -- a film he made during the height of his fame .
it 's a `` heart-warming `` story of a cute little kid with a dancing caterpillar -- and cary is the promoter who wants to make them famous .
it 's so bad that it 's actually worth seeing -- just to see how bad it is !

-1
self-absorbed scientist dr. john kendrick ( onslow stevens ) becomes so obsessed with realising his dream of bringing the dead back to life that he neglects both his successful medical practice and his loving family , losing his wife and his mind in the process .
rather than face a stint in juvenile hall , kendrick 's son danny ( george p. breakston ) runs away from home and joins a gang in the next neighbourhood , where his lovable mutt scooter proves popular with the other kids until it is nabbed and gassed to death by the local .
a distraught danny gives his father one last chance to prove his worth : teaming up with old college pals dr. louise stone ( lois wilson ) and dr. robert cornish ( played by real life pioneering scientist robert cornish ) , kendrick performs a revolutionary procedure to bring the mutt back from the dead .
part heavy-handed drama , part little kids ' adventure , and part scientific curio , this has got to be one of the most unusual films to come out of universal studios during the 30s ; however , despite its undeniable credentials as a genuinely bizarre obscurity , the film utilising real-life footage of cornish 's experiments on a dead dog during its climax , life returns offers very little in the way of real entertainment value , being too dull , depressing , and devoid of genuine entertainment value to be of much interest to anyone but the most avid fan of universal 's output .

-1
struggling scientist dr. john kendrick ( an embarrassingly overwrought performance by onslow stevens ) creates an experimental serum that can restore life .
however , he ca n't get the necessary funds to continue with his research .
in addition , kendrick gets so caught up in his work that he neglects his son danny ( a supremely annoying portrayal by george breakston ) .
flatly directed by eugene and james p. hogan , with a very sappy and talky script by l. wolfe gilbert and john f. goodrich , a sluggish pace , too much goopy sentiment ( the maudlin ending in particular is enough to make one puke thanks to its sickening bathos ) , a rambling narrative that spends a majority of screen time on a gang of obnoxious little kids instead of focusing on the more interesting serum premise , two unappealing central characters , and a slushy score by oliver wallace and clifford vaughan , this picture alas turns out to be quite the arduous chore to endure .
on the plus side , lois wilson provides a little much needed ( and appreciated ) spark as the sunny dr. louise stone and robert h. planck 's black and white cinematography boasts neat use of fades and dissolves .
but overall this clunker still rates as a real wash-out .

-1
famed and animal wrangler clyde beatty stars as himself in this account of his girlfriend ( parker ) , whom he neglects for his animals , disappearing on an expedition to a remote island in the tropics .
naturally beatty sets off to locate her , but runs into trouble when the blimp on which he 's travelling crashes following a storm .
not only does he have to contend with the ferocious menagerie of lions , tigers , leopards and hyenas , but his even more dangerous assistant wrangler sharkey ( richmond ) motivated only to cause maximum harm to beatty at every given opportunity .
beatty is affable if not really an actor , while the under-utilised cecilia parker has little independence in her character to make the impression of which she 's capable as the film 's biggest name .
every circus needs a clown and syd saylor offers slapstick relief as a goofy-looking sidekick to beatty 's ` straight man ' routine , and generally speaking , warner richmond achieves his brief as beatty 's two-faced nemesis and impostor to the throne .
frequent footage of the animals performing their tricks might be of interest to some , or appear cruel to others ; essentially the feature is an advertisement for beatty 's travelling animal circus and so if that 's your tonic , you should be entertained .

-1
first off you got to love the edgar allen poe reference in the movie where the mad , puts the guy behind the brick wall .
and plasters the whole thing up with him still behind the wall .
at first i did n't exactly know what to make of this movie , , yeah sure it 's weird and all but you have to consider that a lot of these b movies were made in the 30 's and they churned them out like crazy .
.
some people say this is the worst movie that they have ever seen , , not by a longshot , , it was n't that bad , , try a dubbed seagal movie sometime , , no this is n't near as bad as everyone says , , you got ta be a poe fan to appreciate , , but ont he other hand , , this movie is n't great , , not something you can watch over and over again either , , so take this review with a grain of salt

-1
just went on the flick by flick blog and watched one of the grade z exploitation movies of the '30s made by one dwain esper .
this one , maniac , concerns an actor named don maxwell ( william woods ) , on the run from the law , becoming dr. meirschultz ' ( horace b. carpenter ) assistant and doing various unethical things like playing a coroner when checking on corpses .
he later shoots the doctor and takes his place .
why ?
well , watch this movie and find out ( or maybe not ... ) .
there 's lots of other stuff like cats and women fighting with the women also baring breasts and some `` corpses `` moving and that infamous scene with satan the cat 's eyeball pushed out .
maniac is as bad as its reputation with what i just mentioned as well as stilted acting on the leads ' part ( what 's with all the fists pounding ?
must be their version of `` effect `` ) with a couple of others worth mentioning : phyllis diller ( not that one !
) as a woman who asks maxwell as meirschultz for help on her husband ( ted edwards ) .
the needle maxwell puts on edwards does n't help him but turns him into a slowly raving lunatic whose movements made me laugh as it reminded me of moe howard 's `` slowly i turn ... `` part of the three stooges ' `` niagra falls `` routine in their gents without cents short .
so there 's some enjoyment you can get out of this picture maniac for any bad movie buff out there .
everyone else , watch out ...

-1
this monogram mystery has fallen into the public domain .
in addition , this public domain version is only about 46 minutes long -- most likely trimmed down in order to sell it to television ( in order to fit the one hour time slot including commercials ) .
because of this , the full version ( if it 's available ) might be a better or worse film -- i just do n't know .
the film is about a famed ` moonstone ' ( not to be confused with the one from the pokemon game ) .
it 's a huge and rare gem that has strange properties -- it changes colors depending on the moon 's phases !
so what does the woman do who owns this stone ?
yep , she carries it around and shoves it under her pillow at night -- even with the house full of house guests -- one of whom has , in the past , been accused of jewel thefts and she knows it ! ! !
can anyone be that stupid ?
well , in this contrived film , the answer is yes .
now the rest of the story is n't bad -- but it 's awfully easy to know who the thief is -- so there is n't much mystery about this mystery film .
it 's not terrible ... it just is n't all that great and has too many plot problems to make it worth seeking -- even if it is free since it 's free to watch due to it being in the public domain .

-1
my wife and i just finished watching this movie and throughout much of it , she kept asking me `` are you sure you want to finish this film ? ! ``
.
i have to admit that i thought about turning it off a few times , too , but it never was quite bad enough to merit this -- though it sure came close ! !
in light of the general view that the film was a major debacle when it debuted , i was actually surprised to see one reviewer gave it a 9 .
as for the plot and how it differs from the novel by emile zola , i 'll leave you to read over 's excellent review .
i have n't read the book but knew enough about it to realize that the plot was dramatically different from zola 's .
one of the reasons is that although they never say it , it 's very obvious that nana was a prostitute and had slept with half of paris !
and her friends were also common prostitutes as well .
yet , sam goldwyn insisted that nana be played like a combination of marlene dietrich and the singing nun !
oy .
when the tale of this trollop with a heart of gold debuted in 1934 , critics howled at the horrible acting of newcomer anna sten and the public avoided this bloated epic like the plague .
in fact , for years , consensus was that sten was a horrible actress and her performance convinced me that the people of the 30s were very astute -- she was a terrible actress .
her accent was difficult to cut through and her `` acting `` was amateurish throughout .
however , i also feel that to blame the picture 's demise squarely on her was unfair .
even if ms. sten had been competent ( and i remind you she was not ) , the writing was just awful and anyone uttering such claptrap would look ridiculous !
plus , goldwyn 's insistence that sten be treated like an even more bewitching creature than dietrich and garbo was silly and destined to failure -- and making sten look even more ridiculous as she tried in vain to act that alluring .
heck , when sten sang ( if you can call it that ) , before she even finished this god-awful number , the men in the audience ( who had previously never even heard of her ) all began behaving like a tex avery cartoon wolf !
no one is that sexy and desirable ! !
in addition to all this silliness and bad acting , the film also suffers from bad acting by many of the co-stars -- particularly nana 's hooker friends .
and , to make things worse , the film is also dreadfully dull and derivative -- looking like a knockoff of several of garbo 's and dietrich 's films ( especially camille and blonde venus ) .
see this film if you are curious about sten -- otherwise , avoid it like the plague .
by the way , and i know this will sound very catty , but in watching this film i kept asking myself if perhaps ms. sten and mr. goldwyn have some other vested interest in each other .
i know this sounds petty , but his insistence on a huge publicity campaign to create an american career and three failed big budget us films does make you wonder why he brought her to this country to begin with or kept her here after her performance in nana .

-1
bela lugosi is not typecast in this fantastic adventure serial , playing the lead as frank the magician , enjoying his role as a representative of the forces of white magic pushed against those of black , while displaying fighting skill , successfully wooing a young egyptian princess , and cutting a lean and dashing figure in yachting gear , complete with nautical cap .
the somewhat lumpy plot engages in an ongoing series of escapades pointed at achieving the rescue of his fiancee , princess nadji ( maria alba ) and others from the clutches of the sect of ubasti , which covets nadji 's blood in order to an ancient mummified princess entombed upon the mysterious island of lemuria .
director ray taylor , an old hand at such entertainments keeps events moving briskly , but repeated scenes and footage , a good deal of which is to be found in the previous year 's skull island setting from king kong , and the port locale from son of kong , reduces original action to less than 60 minutes from the serial 's running length of over two and one-half hours and , if viewed at one sitting , becomes lacking in effect to most viewers , unless insomniac .

-1
first off , i should point out that i am a fan of comedic shorts from this time period and after ( especially the three stooges ) .
this short however , i did not like .
this short follows three wanna-be filmmakers as they barge into the screening room at a major movie studio and convince the heads of the studio to watch their film .
the apparent main character , the filmmaker with a horrible greek accent ( i 'm guessing it was supposed to be greek ) was annoying .
i could barely understand a word he said , so if he was saying anything funny , i sure missed it .
there were a few attempts at humour , but they fell flat .
it 's unfortunate too , since curly ( here credited as jerry howard ) is a comic genius , but is only a bit player in this short .
most annoying though , would be the two dance sequences that are irrelevant .
why the head of the movie studio put up with these three wanna-be filmmakers is beyond me ( but then you find out in an , which i wont `` ruin `` for you ) .
bottom line , this was very unfunny and quite annoying due to its irrelevant dance sequences , lack of humour , and horrible accents .

-1
it 's hard to find a reason for this film .
my best guess would be a as candidate for the race before the decency laws came into existence but that 's only a guess .
all those men and women in bathing suits have n't aged very well .
they all look - er - the same after a while .
i suppose an exposed ankle a few centuries ago sent men into rapturous poetic expanses so it 's probably best to apply tolerance for the test of time .
after all the film is in its 70 's and things do creak .
imagining leni riefenstahl a few years later in her olympiad married to `` triumph of the will `` with an extremely unfunny subplot sprinkled with very sub berkley and that about ties things up .
curtis stotlar

-1
this film must rank among the most overrated films on imdb with an amazingly inflated score of 7.6 as of this date .
to top it off , i even noticed some reviews that gave this film a 10 ! !
so , if these folks are to be trusted , it would seem to say that this film is on par with casablanca , the godfather and gone with the wind ! ! !
it is not , i repeat , is not a good movie .
no matter the hype , this is a very poor b-film .
the only reason anyone might want to watch it is to marvel at the pre-code sensibilities -- including a lot of sexual innuendo and a scene in the men 's locker room where bare butts abound !
even for a pre-code film , search for beauty is a shocker .
as for the rest of the film , it 's really quite terrible .
part of the problem is that young buster crabbe is fresh from the olympics and really is n't much of an actor yet .
the same can be said for a barely recognizable ida lupino .
i say barely recognizable because she later had one of the biggest makeovers in hollywood history -- and if you did n't know better , you 'd swear that it was n't ida !
unfortunately , she , too , ca n't act yet .
given more experience and time , she would become a heck of a talented lady , but here she is pretty flat .
the rest of the problem with the film is that the plot , while appearing very sleazy and sexually charged , is amazingly dull and impossible to believe .
now following the naked butts which abounded at the beginning of the film , you 'd think that the rest of the film would be that adult .
however , the plot involving a con man ( robert armstrong ) who wants to publish a skin magazine sounds pretty hot , but he photos and articles are so tame by modern standards that you really ca n't get particularly excited or interested in the film .
the most salacious thing about the last 3/4 of the film are that some of the costumes worn by the athletes late in the film are rather transparent -- surprisingly so .
so i guess pervs could watch just the beginning ( at the ) and the end ( when the health resort is opened ) and skip the rest ! !
overall , despite some cheap thrills in a film that , believe it or not , claims to be in its message , it is just not all that interesting or believable .
in fact , after a while it 's a real chore to keep watching it .

-1
'' ... a sock in the eye is what every woman needs ... `` although joan blondell and warren william play a couple who seem to be very in love , when they go to a dinner party , problems erupt .
joan deliberately goads warren until he smacks her -- and she sues for divorce .
oddly , after they are no longer married , joan deliberately throws herself at him -- wearing revealing clothes and inviting him to come to dinner at her new home with her new husband ( edward everett horton ) .
not too surprisingly , the new hubby is not amused by all this and eventually hauls off and hits joan as well .
what will happen next in this dreadful film ? !
while the actors all give their best in this film , the writing was just awful -- and a bit disturbing .
blondell plays one of the most annoying and difficult to like women i have ever seen -- capricious , selfish and manipulative .
further , there are strong undertones of sado-masochism in the characters -- something that bothered me , as it tried to make violence and nastiness ` funny ' !
this is also the sort of bizarre film that you 'd never see today because of changes in our sensibilities -- such goings on are not at all in line with modern morality .
a strong indicator of the change is the quote i gave at the beginning of my review -- it was taken directly from this film as well as the casual way that adultery is portrayed .
it 's all supposed to be a kooky comedy -- i was just in horror at it all .
it 's shocking even for a pre-code film -- especially at the cringe-worthy finale that 's really hard to believe .

-1
this would have to be the most depressing film .
there are no nice people in this movie ( suprisingly even dickie moore plays a pretty bratty kid ) ... except ginger .
the moral of the film is everyone has their price - even the lowly janitor played by john qualen .
spoiler alert : mary astor plays hettie stream , a society wife , who has little time for her husband and son .
as the film opens dickie moore is bawling out the butler because he is not allowed to play in the ballroom .
throughout the film the father is often seen giving tips to his son on how to be more like him .
warren william plays alex stream , who is used to having his own way in all situations .
a chance meeting with lily linda ( ginger rogers ) a burlesque dancer creates a diversion for him but lily begins to fall for him .
in lily he finds someone who is sweet and good and delights in simple pleasures .
i could n't believe when lily is shot ( it happens about half way through the film ) alex callously cleans the apartment to get rid of evidence that would incriminate him .
lily is a good person but no-one cares about her - except a policeman ( sidney toler ) .
he has been demoted for daring to give tycoon stream a speeding ticket and he is determined to see justice done .
from then on it is as though she does n't exist .
stream is completely unremorseful and he and his wife renew their love for each other and plan to go away .
but hettie does n't intend to stand by her man .
the ending has to be seen to be believed - especially since it was made in 1934 - so it is n't a pre-coder .
fortunately ginger would soon leave these sort of thankless roles behind her .

-1
this is an amazingly dull film that just never seemed to gel for me .
despite a very , very promising initial scene , the film never seemed to capitalize on this or establish much momentum .
perhaps some of this was the leading lady 's fault , mady christians , as her austrian accent came and went throughout the film .
more of the problem seems to be that the writing was poor -- with uninvolving characters and plot .
the film begins with an extremely melodramatic but exciting scene .
an abusive husband returns home -- announcing he 's leaving his pregnant wife and taking his oldest son .
when she tries to reason with him , the brute attacks her and she shoots him dead in self defense .
while she had lots of provocation , she chose to throw the body in the swamp .
then , in an odd twist , she learns that this jerk had just shot the sheriff ( but he did n't shoot the deputy ) and the injured sheriff came looking for him .
so , he 's wanted for attempted murder and he just attacked his wife .
so why , then , did she not bother to tell the sheriff that she shot him and did the world a favor ? !
why not resolve this plot element ?
and , most importantly , why was this plot element all but forgotten by the next scene .
in a bizarre bit or writing , apparently christian decides that being nice to her kids will make them weak and irresponsible .
so , she becomes tough and a bit emotionally abusive ... but she also works her butt off for the kids .
suddenly , years pass and the poor family has somehow made it thanks to christian 's hard work -- though , oddly , some of the kids seemed to never age .
now , the story becomes a bit of a soap opera with lots of truly boring subplots -- a daughter who wants to grow up too fast and run off with her boyfriend ( robert taylor ) , this boyfriend subsequently injuring christian 's son , christian finding a boyfriend ( charles bickford ) and a variety of other plots .
had the viewer actually cared about these people , then this soap would have been more interesting .
but , as it is , the plot elements come but seem to have no impact .
and , incidentally , the story just bored me to tears -- even if it did feature one of robert taylor 's earliest screen roles .
with a title like `` a wicked woman `` , you 'd sure expect something wicked or exciting !
too bad .

-1
while these types of comedy shorts were popular in their day ( 1920 's - 1940 's ) , i find many of them lacking when viewed in a modern context .
i do better with the three stooges than laurel and hardy and some of the others , as the stooges seem to have less of a racist component to their shorts .
africa speaks - english , has ventriloquist edgar bergen and his dummy , charlie mccarthy landing in africa and dealing with cannibals when their plane runs out of gas .
there are some racist elements here too , but not nearly as bad as some i 've seen .
charlie wondering if edgar could get amos and andy on the radio is one such reference , as the radio program may have been the most racist in american history .
that aside , i suppose it 's the continuity problems that bug me the most about these shorts .
whether it is the low budget , lack of stock footage in the early days of movies , or that they just figured the audiences of the day somehow would n't notice , they put very little effort into trying to get things right .
in this case , edgar and charlie are flying along in an all white bi-plane with a radial engine .
they do a quick jump cut and the next thing you know , their plane is now plopped down in the middle of the jungle with trees all around and no way it could have landed .
the plane is completely undamaged and is now a single wing aircraft with a dark nose , thick stripes down the side , and no radial engine .
that 's just too big a leap for me to accept .
if you can get past all that , some of the dialog is fairly clever , and it 's over before you get a chance to be very annoyed anyway .

-1
this loosely told story of the crusades is n't so bad historically , if one allows for this one `` crusade `` to represent a total summation of all the crusades , probably de mille 's goal .
but while de mille gives a fairly accurate portrayal of some historical characters ( if one reads between the lines ) , he gives a totally bizarre portrayal of their personal lives that could not possibly be believed .
first , the few things that make sense .
richard was not a `` christian `` , and de mille shows this .
he gave the usual lip service , but he represented the `` mercantile `` endeavors of those who used the papal promises for their own ends .
the pope made the mistake of granting richard rule over all christians in the conquered lands .
what this led to was richard simply slaughtering any person who was n't guaranteed to be under his rule , which meant non christians .
this was the savagery of the crusades .
it had nothing to do with religion , but of men taking advantage of religion .
in a subtle way , de mille does show this .
saladin was well depicted .
despite what critics say , he was one of the more benevolent of warriors , which is n't saying a lot , but if you were captured by a moslem force , you would rather it be by saladin than most others .
he could be reasoned with .
if nothing else , you could convert to islam and be spared by him .
the business with the sneaky european who saladin killed is derived from another instance , well chronicled , dealing with a man whose evil was not nearly as `` mickey mouse `` as this villain , and who would 've tried any person 's patience .
he was the terrorist of the era , and saladin offered the cup of safety to everyone he captured but this man .
the incident is depicted fairly faithfully in the modern epic `` kingdom of heaven `` .
de mille simply combines all the events into one main event , and that 's fair poetic license .
certainly closer to the truth than `` tombstone `` is of wyatt earp and the clantons .
the personal lives are laughably unbelievable .
king richard comes across as gay ( and he probably was gay or bisexual ) , resisting romance with the gorgeous princess of france , spurning her , and then later becoming enchanted with a very homely princess of another land .
loretta young looks her worst for this .
she is figuratively the ugly step sister , and we see the hand of women in the making of this to be a chick flick , where the homely girl gets the romance and the pretty girl is out in the cold .
nice fantasy for the female wallflowers , but men had to be shaking their heads at this , particularly when saladin falls for the pale homely girl , when we know how beautiful arabian women are .
loretta is not usually this plain .
her hair looks pitifully bland , but we have to remember this is a hollywood movie , and hollywood has always pushed the `` blonde woman `` look in heir chick flicks to appease the female audience .
we get a lot of ho hum , no risk , same old stuff .
the nice guys all die , of course , true to hollywood clichã©s .
the hero has to start off as a creep , and actually he 's a total monster , but de mille does some clever snake oil soft soap to make us think he is n't a monster .
it 's easily one of de mille 's worst works .
but we see some of the skills that made de mille great later .
de mille knew how to make a logical sequence of events , how to cut and edit , the importance and timing of comic relief .
he was still in the experimental stage on his total skills , but we see a hint of them here .

-1
i realize that my summary is very judgmental , but most of the cartoons were , compared to those of the 40s and 50s , really crappy .
most tended to have lots of singing and dancing as well as cutesy characters .
edgy , they were not !
`` dancing on the moon `` is just such a cartoon -- full of cutesy characters and jam-packed with lots of singing from start to finish .
folks of the 30s might have enjoyed this , but you 'd be hard-pressed today to find any kids who would sit still for this boring stuff !
the cartoon begins with a god-awful song ( `` dancing on the moon `` ) and it continues throughout the film .
there is n't a lot of plot -- just lots of animal couples taking a buck ship to the moon where they cavort about and smooch .
that is , all but a sad cat whose girlfriend is left behind .
that 's all there is to it -- cutesy animals singing and singing and singing .
yuck .
the only reason i even gave this one a 3 is because the cinecolor ( another form of two-color technicolor ) was innovative and interesting and , as usual , the fleischer studio did nice quality animation -- even if it did make most things look and greenish and the plot was sheer torture .

-1
the generic , meaningless tile is a tip-off .
everett marshall has no screen presence .
he may have been a popular radio singer but what he 's given here is dull and repetitious .
the ravishing dolores del rio is made up too heavily and essentially miscast .
lupe velez , who was at another studio , would have been much for fun .
so would any number of warner brothers stars .
glenda farrell , winifred shaw , joan blondell -- all of them could play temperamental divas in their sleep .
it 's hard to think hat busby berkeley had anything to do with this movie , which has no real dancing and has no style .
it would have been better , right from the start , had there been a couple other female characters .
del rio has no one to bounce off .
and marshall certainly is no help .

-1
wow ... talk about a rotten pilot .
the film begins with george brent flying his sister , mother and father some place .
however , the plane runs out of fuel .
now this is really a bad scene , as instead of just gliding down as any sane pilot would do in a case like this , the plane inexplicably goes into a spin ( !
) and crashes into the ground .
no sane pilot can be this bad but the film expects the audience to accept that it was just a mistake !
what a sloppy setup .
following the crash , brent goes through a period of a few years where he is aimless reckless .
he travels the world -- nearly getting killed or landing in jail repeatedly .
eventually he ends up back in the us and you see him buzzing a squadron of military planes -- something that the film said was not against the law -- though it clearly was and would have resulted at least in his pilots license being suspended or revoked !
it seemed odd that the deaths of his family caused him to become a jerk and not a morbid and brooding character .
what a sloppy follow-up to the crash .
after the us air corps incident , an old friend ( warren william ) takes brent under his wing -- and introduces him to his society friends .
why introduce this nut-job to these folks is a bit beyond me !
when brent meets the woman william plans on marrying ( kay francis ) , francis almost immediately falls in love with brent and they marry .
while the idea of a smart and well-educated lady marrying a definite ` fixer upper ' is silly , it does happen in real life .
but , william stepping aside good when this occurred is sloppy and tough to believe .
it 's a shame to see such a usually confident and good actor like william playing such a mushy wuss .
fortunately , while none of the film particularly made sense or was believable so far , at least the marriage went as you might expect in the real world .
brent continues to be incredibly irresponsible -- having an aversion to work .
at first , francis is very long-suffering -- but over time , brent 's attitude and actions take a toll on the marriage .
she is incredibly co-dependent and always blames herself from not being able to change her loopy husband .
and , even after they split up , the film seems to take the tammy wynette approach to life ... `` stand by your man `` ... regardless ! ! !
in other words , if you love an irresponsible man enough , things will magically work !
what idiots ! !
what drivel ! !
overall , this film is a great case of very good actors in a poorly written film .
the characters rarely behave in a realistic or believable manner and it got boring watching them behave so stupidly .
brent , francis and william were frankly ill-suited to such a crappy film that looks more like an insignificant b-movie than a film starring some of the top actors of the day .
while i would watch anything these actors would appear in because i like them so much , most viewers wo n't be so charitable .
and , since life is so short , why waste it with a film that had no right to be this bad .
by the way , the worst line in the movie has to be `` poor devil ... flying in the fog `` as brent looks out the window as a plane passes overhead .
talk about subtle ! ! !

-1
bette presents a show of `` future stars , `` all babies who give us quick song and dance numbers .
they play the spoons are cry to the music .
all of the baby acts cry and most of them have to have something to quiet them down as they leave the stage .
one part is definitely racist in that the black babies are lured off by a big watermelon .
none of the acts : white , black or asian are funny , to be honest .
the only one that make me at least smile was the act where babies were doing a russian dance .
overall , not of betty 's best .

-1
i am a fan of bela lugosi but i also realize that he often appeared in cheesy films .
however , much of this cheese was actually a lot of fun to watch despite the low budgets and silly writing .
sadly , however , this film is neither well made nor is it cheesy fun -- just amazingly dull .
the film begins with the old monogram studios logo -- the one with the and zeppelins .
despite this cool start , i also immediately realized that because it was made by a so-called `` poverty row `` studio , that the budget and overall quality would be suspect .
wallace ford is a rather obnoxious reporter ( a standard clichã© of the day ) who is assigned to chinatown due to some suspicious murders .
at the heart of it all is mr. wong -- but exactly who wong is no one seems to know .
considering the film stars lugosi , it does n't exactly take a rocket scientist to figure it probably is him ! !
however , who thought that a hungarian with a heavy accent would make a good chinese-american ? !
and who would have thought that lugosi actually looked and sounded more chinese than his motley group of henchmen .
they all sported clothes but looked about as chinese as mae west ! !
the film does have some killing and tossing of knives and even some bamboo shoots being inserted under the nails .
yet , because the acting is so flat , the script so limp that even these crazy story elements ca n't breathe life into this soggy biscuit .
perhaps the movie would have been better if lugosi had actually played twins -- then maybe two wongs could have gotten it right !
i should be ashamed of myself .
a final note -- the dvd version of this film i saw was from passport video and was of very dubious quality ( it came in `` the bela lugosi box `` ) .
this company specializes in releasing public domain films and consistently does nothing to clean up the prints .
this one was almost unwatchable due to terrible sound and no captioning .
also , passport imprints their logo at the bottom right corner of the screen -- which seems like a lot of nerve considering they did n't pay for the film ! !
public domain and their name across it like they made the film ? !
gim me a break .
see if you can find a different and cleaner version .

-1
this b-movie is from monogram pictures -- a company known for low-budget and relatively low quality films .
now this is n't to say their films are not enjoyable -- they are often very fun to watch -- they just are n't particularly distinguished .
in the case of `` mystery men `` , it 's obvious that the writing was poor -- but somehow , despite many silly plot elements , the film was fun to watch .
robert armstrong stars as a crime reporter .
in the first of many irrational plot points , the local da wants to show his appreciation for armstrong 's work ... so he has a .45 caliber pistol awarded to him !
then , while he 's on a trip to st. louis , he meets a woman who is broke .
now what would you do in a situation like this ?
well , you certainly would not pretend that she is your wife and then check into a hotel you can not afford !
well , that is exactly what he does ... and with no expectations of sex .
then , when he tries to get a job with the local paper and the prospective employer calls his old paper , what happens -- yep , the old boss tells the st. louis newspaper editor that the man in his office is a phony and the real reporter is back in chicago ! ! !
huh ? ! ?
then , when armstrong eventually does get the st. louis job anyway , he investigates a crime spree .
and , when he sees the killer leaving with the money , what does he do ?
yes , he pretends to be one of the gang and drives away with the loot !
can you see that none of this makes any sense ?
there are many more situations like this in the film -- i am only naming a few .
but , oddly , despite so many dopey moments , armstrong manages to at least make it enjoyable and the film kept my interest ... though it was a bad film from most respects .

-1
this is an agatha christie-style story , without the agatha christie talent .
the actors performed capably , but the story and script were just way too predictable and unimaginative .
furthermore , there generally was n't enough character development to make you care about the victims .
although i figured out who the killer was pretty early , i did n't care .
one scene in this film especially caught my attention , though .
in the beginning of the film , margetson 's character explains to his good friend that he 's fallen in love with the same girl , and plans to marry her , even if it costs him their friendship .
he handles the situation directly and lays it all out there , not pulling any punches .
it made me think how much better it is to handle things that way ...

-1
i always wanted to see this movie because i heard it had a real lugosi performance , and it certainly does .
the problem is the rest of the movie is god awful and damn near unwatchable .
the plot has the ship mary celeste going to see with a mad man in the crew slowly killing off the crew .
of course this does n't fit with history , but who cares ... its an explanation of what happened .
this creak fest is laughably bad and i pretty much lost interest when the bar owner with the bowler hat and christmas tree ear ring showed up .
lost classic ?
i think not .
i think this is just bad .
its an over cooked pot boiler thats leaked all over the stove thats just a mess that some one really should clean up .

-1
a captain marries and takes his bride on a sea journey with a crew full of saboteurs and `` shanghaied `` malcontents .
this is but the first extremely improbable event in this nearly senseless movie .
lugosi bears a grudge against the whole ship for having been `` shanghaied `` himself years earlier , and he takes out his revenge by killing everyone on board .
the problem with this movie is that although there 's no mystery , none of the actual killing ( or much else ) is shown until the film 's climax .
it 's very short .
the actors seem to have been let completely free by the director to overpower the camera , and of course lugosi takes this up -- at one point , it looks like the editor cut 's hysterics with a straight razor and threw his hands up in despair !
there is no explanation for what happens in the last reel of the film , and i suspect that this u.s. print we 're now seeing on dvd is a mutilated film , cut for distribution .
apparently , if there every was a movie here , it 's now gone .
fans of hammer film productions might be intrigued by the idea of a hammer film from the 30s with bela lugosi , but they will certainly be disappointed if they expect even a minimum of quality or interest .
just one of the many mistakes lugosi made in his long career .

-1
with joan crawford as , glamorous marcia of the shades of deco bedroom , robert montgomery as the well-dressed ladies who marries marcia but ca n't stop chasing the ladies , sexy franchot tone as jim , whose wife was stolen by our ladies man , edna may oliver as highball drinking , one-liner talking grandma fanny , and charles ruggles as the drunkard , plus a slick mgm look and feel - you would think this film would be smart , funny , terrific , all it should be - it 's not .
the problem here is the lousy script - the characters do things that make little sense or just seems dumb , and more importantly , the film is just boring .
i was pretty much thinking `` when is this going to end `` - that 's not a good thing .
i did * not * find the two main characters sympathetic , so could really care less what happened to them .
i mean , the robert montgomery character is just a complete cad , he should have been thrown out by her right near the beginning .
joan crawford 's character just comes across as a brat to me - so who cares what happens with her anyway .
even my handsome franchot tone is given so little to do here , he 's just wasted .
the acting here is fine , but with the story as it is , this film is just dull .
edna may oliver is the only saving grace here , she * is * pretty funny .

-1
it 's obvious that somehow both barbara stanwyck ( with warner brothers ) and robert young ( with mgm ) had somehow ticked off someone in authority at their respective studios .
this is the only way to explain why they were loaned out to a `` poverty row `` studio to make such a god-awful mess of a film .
it is only due to the high quality of their acting and the welcome assistance of cliff edwards that the film manages to earn even a 3 on imdb !
it 's just awful and hokey .
barbara plays , of all things , a spoiled brat daughter of a general and she 's in love with a card-carrying communist agitator ! ! !
considering how ardently anti-communist her next husband ( robert taylor ) was , it 's amazing he ever agreed to marry her !
though if memory serves me , taylor himself starred in song of russia -- a pro-communist film in 1944 ( when the us , for expediency sake , suddenly acted pro-soviet since we were both fighting against hitler ) .
so my guess is they both just wisely agreed not to discuss either of these awful films !
in barbara 's defense , her film was meant to ridicule communism , not embrace it like song of russia !
anyway , back to the film .
because barbara is such an embarrassment to her dad , he arranges to have her kidnapped by an aunt to mexico -- hoping that putting some distance between her and her fiancã© might cool their romance .
once there , she bumps into robert young , who plays a rather dim-witted enlisted man from the us army .
they argue but inexplicably , they both end up stealing a us car and crashing across the american border ! !
now if none of this seems to make sense to you , join the club !
as for the rest of the film , it looked like a combination of it happened one night and i married a communist !
that 's because most of the rest of the film , the pair trekked cross country as a pair of mismatched future lovers and once rescued , she ran back to her fiancã© -- that is until the conclusion where young proves two things once and for all .
first , that democracy beats communism .
second , that just because you steal and wreck a government vehicle , illegally cross the border and go awol does n't mean there will be any consequences and you get to live happily ever after ! ! !
so after my description it probably sounds to you like a pile of crap of a film .
if it does n't , then i suggest you talk to a doctor immediately .
this movie is bad and only worth seeing so that you can see two respected actors embarrass themselves .
it 's not often that you can see two famous actors perform in their worst film -- together !
by the way , if you do n't know who cliff edwards is , watch the film and listen to him sing .
you will no doubt instantly recognize him as the voice of cricket , though he did quite a few supporting roles in films during the 30s and 40s .

-1
not the best of the four rin-tin-tin serials .
weak and almost non existent cliff hangers just add to the tedium of watching the heroes and villains steal rex the wonder horse back and forth for almost ten of the twelve chapters .
mascot 's previous offering , ` the law of the wild ' ( 1934 ) featured the same back and forth capturing of rex .
could n't they have come up with a different story line ?
given the title , ` the adventures of rex and rinty ' , one might have expected it to be about the pairing of the two animal ` pals . '
we do get that for the first couple of chapters , which focuses on how they meet and become friends .
rex , the of the island of , had been stolen and brought to california to be a polo horse .
rinty was a wandering homeless dog during the great depression searching and scrounging for food .
these early scenes with rinty are well done , as he shows off his acting chops ( !
) to a melancholy soundtrack .
rex escapes from the evil sportsmen , and while wandering through the woods rescues rinty from a snap steel animal trap .
later , when they encounter a skunk , rex chases it off and rinty leaps into a creek to wash off the smell , as rex laughs in a funny scene worthy of smiley burnette .
unfortunately , that 's about it for the ` adventures ' that rex and rinty have together .
the rest of the serial has ` popular polo player ' kane richmond fighting the opposing evil polo team owner harry woods for possession and ownership of the horse .
a loyal cult member from , pasha , shows up and tries throughout the latter part of the serial to recapture rex to bring him back to .
only three chapters take place there , but there 's no real sense of mystery or menace .
for a weird cult on a mystery island the best one is the fantastic ` the return of chandu ' ( 1934 ) with bela lugosi as the romantic hero !
we do get kane richmond here , although he 's much better in his other serials , particularly the clunky ` the lost city ' ( 1934 ) , and the better ` spy smasher ' ( 1942 ) and ` haunted harbor ' ( 1944 ) .
he also plays one of ming 's pilot captains ( the one who decides to help flash after his brother is returned to normal after being a clay man ) in ` flash gordon 's trip to mars ' ( 1938 ) , which also immortalizes wheeler oakman , who had over 280 film and tv credits , as .
oakman , who plays henchman ` wheeler ' here , was also a great villain in ` the lost jungle ' ( 1934 ) , ` the phantom empire ' ( 1935 ) , and ` darkest africa ' ( 1936 ) .
then we have smiley burnette before his ` frog millhouse ' days in an almost subdued role , though he does a couple of physical hi-jinks .
we also see charles king , but he does n't have enough to do , except show off his excellent horsemanship .
as for an animal pals movie , we 're going to have to look elsewhere , such as to ` monogatari ' ( 1986 ) , released in the u.s. as ` milo and otis ' , or the ` homeward bound ' ( 1993 , 1996 ) movies .
this one , except for the first two chapters really is n't an animal pals one .
the weak and almost non existent cliff hangers seem more typical of serials from the teen years to 1930 ; even from mascot we expect more .
too bad they could n't have let this be the first all animal serial as it was in the first two chapters !
as yet another serial with little more than back and forth horse and automobile chasing , it only gets a 3 .

-1
`` the old dark house `` has moved from wales to the west coast of the united states , and randolph scott shows up in the middle of a murder investigation .
it seems that the relatives of a dying patriarch ( who hires scott to work in his laboratory ) have gathered around , waiting for the old coot to die .
but one by one , members of the family start to drop dead themselves .
as always happens in these films , the hero ( scott ) falls in love with one of the more innocent members of the family , and in this case , that heroine is none other than ann sheridan , the future `` oomph girl `` in one of her first major roles .
several years off from beginning to shine as one of warner brothers ' top actresses of the late 1930 's and 40 's , sheridan had yet to show her potential , but what made her movie star material is evident .
scott , seen the same year in the astaire/rogers musical `` roberta `` , moved between `` a `` films and low-grade films .
even though he 's seen through most of the films in chaps , this is n't really a western , in spite of its setting .
in the supporting cast , `` chic `` sale adds some amusement as the in sheriff , while stage actress mrs. leslie carter makes a rare screen appearance as the family matriarch .
coming off like eva moore in `` the old dark house `` , carter would be much better off five years later when miriam hopkins played her in warner 's biopic `` the lady with red hair `` .
her acting here is best described as something out of the gaslight era , overly dramatic and unintentionally campy .
willie fung , as usual , is typecast as the effeminate servant .
there are some interesting developments in the slow-moving and creaky pacing , particularly the contraption used in several of the demises .
otherwise , the film is entirely forgettable , and strictly for fans of the `` z `` budget bottom of the bill programmers or for fans who want to see scott and sheridan early in their career .

-1
george m cohan 's success as a songwriter and performer has obscured the fact that he also wrote or co-wrote many plays , most of which were very successful in their day .
but cohan 's plays have dated badly .
he relied heavily on one very contrived device .
most of cohan 's plays feature a wide assortment of very old-fashioned stock characters , contrasted with a wise-cracking protagonist ( often played by cohan himself ) who speaks directly to the audience , and who comments on the stiffness of all the other characters in the cast .
` seven keys to baldpate ' , which cohan adapted from a novel by earl derr biggers -- now remembered as the creator of charlie chan -- is the only cohan play which is still revived with any frequency .
even this one is squeaky and creaky .
the story has been filmed ( to date ) * seven * times under its original title , with some disguised remakes such as ` house of long shadows ' and gene wilder 's wretched ` haunted honeymoon ' ( which ripped off its one and only funny gag from the unjustly obscure comedy ` murder , he says ' ) .
this 1935 edition is probably the best film version , which is n't saying much .
it the material somewhat , deviating significantly from cohan 's original play .
gene raymond portrays a novelist who comes to the old abandoned baldpate inn so as to get some peace and quiet while he writes a novel .
he expects to be left alone because he possesses the one and only key to baldpate ... so nobody else can get in .
but then a succession of oddball characters show up , each one weirder than the last ... and each one possesses what he or she claims is the one and only key to baldpate .
there 's a ` surprise ' ending that 's quite obvious , especially if you 've seen ` haunted honeymoon ' .
the best performance in this 1935 movie is by henry travers , as a crusty hermit who 's misogynistic with it , and who is busy writing a manuscript denouncing womankind .
` hey , mister ! '
he shouts , interrupting just as gene raymond is about to smooch bland leading lady margaret callahan .
` if i start a sentence with the word ` women ' , do i * hafta * use a capital w ? '
that 's a typical example of the weak humour on offer here .
cohan 's original play ended with a startling piece of meta-fiction , a coup de theatre in which we learn that the events we 've just witnessed are actually the contents of the novelist 's manuscript , which he has already written .
it would have been an improvement if this 1935 film version had attempted something like that , instead of the flat obvious ending which this movie has .
i 'll rate it 3 out of 10 , mostly for its fine cast of supporting actors .

-1
when you think of musicals , you would never think of pat o'brien .
he never demonstrated any musical aptitude in films and here he looks totally out of place as a guy trying to promote a high-brow singer ( james melton ) .
what 's more out of place , other than melton 's operatic warbling , are the terrible amateur-hour acts that are interspersed throughout the film .
the worst is probably the god-awful gospel group that did more to encourage atheism than any other act in film history ! !
in addition to the o'brien is frank mchugh -- who is more pushy and loud than normal ( not that he ever played subtle ) .
it 's easy to hate him in this film -- which is a shame , as he 's generally a likable sort of sidekick .
the film has a thin story , some crazy production numbers ( choreographed by busby berkeley ) , a lot of annoying singing and , well , that 's really about all .
i love pat o'brien but somehow he got lost amidst the cacophony .
as you might guess , i am not a huge fan of musicals -- but if i do see one , i 'd prefer it be a lot better than this one ( such as `` 42nd street `` or any of the astaire-rogers films ) .
pretty dull and hard on the ears .

-1
betty is happily baking something in her kitchen at home when a pesky fly interrupts things .
it wo n't let her or her little dog alone , tormenting both - especially the dog .
i found this to be a very un-entertaining boop cartoon because ( 1 ) it was n't funny ; ( 2 ) the fly was so irritating - going in little pudgy 's ear twice and torturing him ; ( 3 ) it was frustrating as nothing could be done about it .
sorry , i just did n't see any humor in this one .
i was almost as aggravated as betty and her dog !
this was not the usual fun betty boop cartoon .

-1
i 'm a cary grant fan , and a hepburn fan , and this film was a chore of 95 minutes to get through .
maybe the worst picture grant and hepburn have on their filmographies .
contrived , fake , talky , addled , unfocused , unbelievable , and annoying pretty much sum it up .
grant was of course born and raised in england until his early teens but his cockney accent here drops in and out worse than kevin costner 's in robin hood prince of thieves .
and he plays an unlikable cad too which just does n't work for cary grant .
none of the characters in this are likable in the least .
and the film deviates badly between comedy and tragic melodrama .
and some of the scenes are just unbelievable .
grant and hepburn find edmund gwenn dead on the rocks , and after a moment of mournful reflection just leave him there and go about their business ?
then moments later brian aherne 's girlfriend is drowning in the surf and is rescued by hepburn and edmund gwenn 's body is not seen or mentioned again .
but none are more unbelievable than hepburn playing a boy .
she 's not convincing whatsoever and so often physically gives you a creepy michael jackson vibe .
this is one of the very worst films of the 30 's .

-1
a rich woman wants to adopt a sweet , young street performer , but things are complicated by the latter 's thieving grandfather .
shirley gets to dance and act cute .
she also gets to display her dramatic side in an enactment of `` uncle tom 's cabin `` that brings tears to one 's eyes , not because it is moving , but because it is painful to watch .
morgan made some fine films , but this is not one of them .
he does the best he can as shirley 's greedy grandfather , who considers selling shirley for $ 5000 .
there is an uninteresting romantic subplot involving the rich woman 's nephew .
the best thing to be said about this film is that it is only 79 minutes long , limiting the audience 's pain and suffering .

-1
hoot gibson was admittedly one of the top screen cowboys of the silent era , perhaps second only to the legendary tom mix .
so to see him in 1936 's `` frontier justice `` is probably a terrible injustice to his legacy ; the picture is a veritable chore to sit through .
well past his prime as a matinã©e idol , gibson comes across almost as a caricature , a practical joker who more closely resembles a comedic sidekick than a western hero .
in fact , one of the film 's heavies refers to him as ` that ' , a goofy enough line by itself , but one that describes the picture and it 's hero pretty well .
as for the story , it 's one that 's been done time and again in the genre , that of feuding cattle men against sheep herders , with land and water rights hanging in the balance between the warring factions .
brent halston 's ( gibson ) father has been committed to an insane asylum , and the man who sent him there , gilbert ware ( richard cramer ) , is in league with james wilton ( roger williams ) , who conveniently frames brent for a murder to give the edge to the sheep men .
halston works it all out of course , but watching how he gets there proves to be something of a stretch .
like the old ` drying rawhide trick ' that he uses to get ware to confess his involvement in a land swindle against the elder halston .
you really have to suspend your disbelief to accept that a band of rawhide would crumple a hard gourd in a matter of seconds the way it did on screen .
i ca n't even imagine that theater goers of the thirties might have bought it , much less someone watching today .
or how about the film 's use of the black character snowflake , portrayed by fred toones .
probably intended as comic relief , the cook 's role was embarrassingly underplayed and dull , to the point of being insipid .
the few minutes it would have cut from the film , already under an hour , would have been worth it .
say , keep your eye on that scene near the end of the picture when a group of men congregate to inspect the thirty thousand dollar note that villain wilton is looking to foreclose on .
ethel gordon ( jane barnes ) simply vanishes from the screen ! ! !
she does n't walk away or wind up missing during a scene change , she just disappears !
i replayed it a number of times to be sure i had it right , and sure enough , as in the best tradition of david copperfield , she 's just gone - amazing !
one scene that did get my attention though had to do with a rampaging buckboard that breaks apart to the point where all that 's left is a chariot like remnant with a lone rider standing to guide the horses pulling it .
the scenario had me looking for yakima canutt 's name in the uncredited cast list and i could n't find it , but boy , it sure looked like something he would come up with .
i guess if you 're a hoot gibson fan , what i 've reviewed is n't good news , but i guess every actor is entitled to a clunker .
that 's not to say that all of his later pictures were poor - check out his 1936 film `` lucky terror `` .
it will probably surprise you , as it did me , with elements you probably have n't seen in a western before , including some incredible riding and stunt work by gibson , showing some of the form that made him a star a couple of decades earlier .

-1
yeah , as you can probably guess , this is not that good a film at all .
talk about the oscars on the right track for 2 years straight only to take a huge step back in quality .
the second oscar drought would last for another 3 years , the first 2 of which are musicals .
so what are the problems ?
well , for starters , it 's based on a true story , and about as loosely as a certain recipient of 11 oscars i 'll be covering in 1997 , centering on a famous music professor 's life and death by the name of florenz ziegfeld ( played by william powell ) .
and by loosely , i mean completely disregarding historical events up until the end in exchange for lavish musical numbers .
the plot is simply that he wants to glorify women with music .
how does he do that ?
with the ziegfeld follies , and who knows how many glamorized musical numbers .
that 's it .
this is where i take issue with the film ; the idea sounds good on paper , but it attempts , and attempts pretty badly , on getting our attention with nothing but splash .
there 's no depth in any of the performances , we have no reason to care for ziegfeld hence why the film fails automatically as a character study , nothing about the film is accurate with real events outside of the stock market crash , and it tries to hold our attention for 3 hours .
3 hours !
just let that sink in , because all this film offers you is glamor and music ( which , to be fair , starts off good , but grows stale over time and quickly runs my patience thin ) with nothing else backing it up .
there is a reason why it is regarded as one of the worst best picture winners of all time , and also a good reason why musicals became less and less popular with the academy over the succeeding years ( well , this and the next one ) ; it does n't give us much other than how tedious the thing is to sit through .
i would easily give this film a 3 out of 10 .
not as bad as cavalcade , but i 'd definitely skip this one .

-1
i rather wonder what the audience would have made of this went it was originally that the main audience of these type of films would be children how would they have dealt with the confused and almost unintelligible plot , the lack of action , the funereal pace and the downbeat ending.i am grateful for the other review to confirm that i was not going mad and that the story was totally mccoy was clearly a big name at one time but by the time this film was made , one of 8 in that year , he was clearly showing his age.the last 20 minutes with the lynching , the vengeance of the brother and his virtual suicide in the gun fight at the finale are more reminiscent of `` the ox bow incident `` than a standard b movie.also i would mention that the brother appears to be badly wounded in the 3rd killing but the only problem it seems is the hole it made in his a film worth viewing .

-1
`` mary of scotland `` ( 1936 ) is presently not in print save for used copies ( which are of good quality ) .
the film stars a luminous katharine hepburn and a powerful frederick march , a combination that ought to guarantee a good film .
yeah .
well -- -- -- the fact is , `` mary of scotland `` is in many ways not a good film .
considered as pure storytelling , it 's fairly ok .
as a biography of mary stuart , in the words of jay sherman ( `` the critic `` ) , it stinks .
the actual life of mary stuart is all but lost in a melodramatic plot , over-ripe dialogue , and inexplicable gaps .
the film opens with mary 's ( hepburn ) return from her long stay in france -- with nary a trace of a french accent .
well , be that as it may .
opening at this point makes sense , one of the few good choices made by its writer and director .
mary arrives in scotland despite the intention of queen elizabeth i of england ( florence eldridge ) to prevent her .
a niece of henry vii , mary 's claim to the throne of england is even better than elizabeth 's ( whose legitimacy has always been a matter of debate ) .
mary 's assertion ( in the film ) that she `` did it all for love `` would , if she actually said it , have been a self-serving lie .
mary may have liked love , but she loved power .
eldridge as elizabeth : there may have been less effective portrayals of the virgin queen , but this one is right down there near the nadir .
aside from her tepid portrayal , she just does n't have the height .
it 's a good thing she is n't required to appear in scenes with ( or against ) hepburn , as the comparison would be too awful to contemplate .
they appear together only once , in a phony that reduces the motivations of both queens to petty spleen .
droll , but the meeting never took place .
by the time of this alleged interview was in a deep state of denial , believing that although she had signed an order of execution her people would know she did n't want it carried out .
the film follows mary 's attempt to establish her rule in fractious century scotland .
the scots , generally , are half and half irish , so was the leading personality characteristic .
in her efforts she 's supported by the earl of bothwell ( march ) .
he loves her and she loves him , but the marriage of queens is way more complicated than that mary instead marries lord darnley , an english lord whose claim to the english throne is at least as good as hers .
this marriage is part of mary 's hope to replace elizabeth as queen of england .
it also results in the birth of the future james vi of scotland and later james i of england .
darnley is played with earnest foppishness by douglas walton .
walton had a lot of minor roles in almost 60 films , oddly uncredited in many of them .
he does pretty well in this one .
the film , however , ignores most of the complex machinations that lay behind mary 's decision to marry darnley .
mary 's attempt to rule as well as reign is opposed by a number of scottish -- particularly her half-brother james stuart , earl of moray , the former regent of scotland .
moray is played staunchly by ian keith , a broadway fixture who also played a large number of `` b `` roles in major and minor pictures .
mary was also opposed by john knox , the voice of calvinism in scotland , a pompous bigot with a big mouth and a very narrow intellect .
he is played here very effectively by moroni olsen , a talented actor who did well playing self-important idiots of that sort .
mary 's mainstay early on was david rizzio , an italian troubadour with a talent for politics and intrigue .
although he has a reputation as rather a pretty boy , he 's played here by the great john carradine -- an excellent shakespearean on the stage whose stentorian voice eventually landed him in a lot of `` b `` ( and worse ) horror films .
rizzio 's assassination marks the beginning of mary 's fall from the scottish throne .
mary 's final defiant marriage to bothwell leads to her final defeat .
soon after , she flees to england to seek elizabeth 's protection .
the latter is too wily to let mary run loose in england , and quickly converts refute into house arrest .
the film then cuts immediately to mary 's trial for treason , skipping over years of her plots and machinations to escape her prison , overthrow elizabeth , and make herself queen of england .
in fact , the implication of the film is that mary was innocent .
fat chance .
the important ( nay , central ) character of sir anthony is barely mentioned .
the film ends at the scene of mary 's execution , which is not shown .
she is finally shown mounting the scaffold .
this whole scene is the most laughably stupid in the film .
although the photography is in black/white , it seems clear that mary is n't wearing the red dress she is known to have worn .
hepburn 's mary is still young and radiantly beautiful ... although mary at the time was old and worn and reduced to wearing a wig .
the dog is missing .
before mounting the scaffold , mary removes her ruff ( as would be necessary ) , but retains a high collar .
had she worn such a thing , it would have taken more than 2 or 3 strokes of the axe to take her head .
of course , in fact , her neck had to have been laid bare .
( yep , mary gets beheaded .
if anyone is stupid enough to consider that a `` spoiler `` , i checked the little `` spoiler `` box .
) as a biographical study of mary stuart , this film is wholly unsatisfactory .
it says damn little in reality about mary and even less about her great rival , elizabeth .
the final scenes in the film present events in such an inaccurate and fragmentary manner as to amount to a complete fiction .
all that we are left with is a fine performance by hepburn in an expensive -- yet cheap -- melodrama .

-1
wow , was the dialog for this film bad -- bad especially since this is considered a prestige picture -- a costume drama in which rko had a lavish budget and a nice cast .
all too often , the characters tend to talk through exposition -- in an effort to explains things to the audience by having the characters stating things that they should have known .
as a result , what they say often just sounds dumb .
for example , mary does n't just greet her brother but announces his full name and calls him her brother !
no one talks like this !
and , occasionally the characters do little explanations about what has happened in the past -- but again , who talks that way ? !
part of the problem was that to understand the movie and the chess-like maneuvers , you either needed a very lengthy prologue , some exposition ( but not this much ) or you should be a history teacher -- as i am .
now let 's talk about the film historically .
the film makers had an obvious bent in that they portrayed mary stuart in a very , very favorable fashion -- even if history shows her as a bit of an idiot and conniver ... and probably an accomplice to the murder of her first husband as well as having involvement in various plots to kill her cousin , queen elizabeth of england !
i have never understood the notion of portraying mary in any manner that is favorable -- though films often have !
however , one thing they did get right in this film are the divisions within scotland -- many loved her because she was their rightful queen ( even if she was raised in france ) but many hated her because she was catholic and the country was rapidly converting to .
she and john knox ( head of this church ) truly did have an acrimonious relationship as her as her reign progressed .
as far as actors go , the choice of the very proper katharine hepburn to play a woman raised in france is odd to say the least .
and , frederic march with his very , very accent is cast as a scot !
such happenings were pretty common in hollywood , but it sure makes it hard to believe these actors are playing real-life characters .
still , despite the bad casting , this might have worked -- had the dialog been better .
i already talked about it some , but found it laughable that mary always seemed to talk as if she was angry and speechifying -- and rarely seemed like a human being .
throughout the film , you also see elizabeth and her manner is oddly unlike this -- and she seems a bit weak and willing to allow her advisers to talk about her illegitimate birth .
considering that elizabeth had a nasty habit of killing nobles with the slightest provocation , this sort of characterization seemed odd .
so what you have are some nice costumes and pageantry but bad history and dialog .
the film must have done pretty well at the box office , as more films about the stuarts and especially the tudors proliferated during the subsequent decade .
despite this , i ca n't see these films working at all today -- they 're just too stilted and unreal to be of much interest .
i guess my problem with this movie and most other of this era is that they seldom tried very hard to get the facts straight .
and , as a historical purist , i find myself unable to enjoy the films very much because there are so many flaws .
you probably wo n't notice this , but you undoubtedly will notice how dull the film is !

-1
`` a message to garcia `` has the sort of insane casting that was not very uncommon during hollywood 's golden age .
think about it -- barbara stanwyck plays a cuban woman !
and , wallace beery plays an american living in cuba for ten years ... which sounds plausible except that he knows almost no spanish at all ! ! !
what was the studio thinking ? !
surely they could have gotten some folks more suited to these roles !
and , surely stanwyck could have at least tried to put on some sort of non-american accent ! !
this film is set in the period just before the spanish-american war in 1898 .
the president of the us has sent an emissary ( john boles ) to cuba on a secret mission to deliver a message to the leader of the cuban rebel army led by general garcia .
the problem is locating the guy .
after all , it 's not like garcia wants anyone to find him -- otherwise the spanish army would have quickly captured him !
once in cuba , boles is assisted both by stanwyck and beery during a long trek through the jungle .
oddly , folks seem to die several times during this journey -- only to amazingly appear later in the movie !
pretty weird !
overall , this is a dopey movie .
surprisingly , its best aspect is beery 's broad acting because he does bring some energy and humor to the film -- two things otherwise lacking in the movie .
a rather limp film in most ways -- surely the studio could have done better .
by the way , after writing this review i listened to robert osborne ( of turner classic movies ) talk about this film .
apparently it was a bomb at the box office -- reviewers and the public just would n't accept stanwyck in such a ridiculous role !
i would rank this one up there with john wayne as genghis khan and clark gable as the irish leader , charles stewart parnell , or katharine hepburn as a chinese woman in `` dragon seed `` .
it 's a film she clearly should have been ashamed of , as she was the worst thing about it .

-1
i do n't know .
maybe silent films just do n't work for me .
i found this movie quite boring .
the scenarios just did n't interest me and i found myself falling asleep .
the exaggerated and extreme acting by the main character only seemed to annoy me .
i did n't find it in the least bit funny .
the music was whatever and the plot did n't really make me think , make me laugh , or make me curious as to what would happen next .
i pretty much just continued watching this because i had started and because this movie got so much praise .
basically , i only finished it after i had started because this is on the top 250 list .
i would n't recommend this movie to my friends .

-1
it is very difficult to believe the amount of pretentious waffle that has been written about this film .
i am not a film student and so i can only guess that the film is taught to gullible undergraduates as an all-time masterpiece containing multiple levels of deep meaning concerning the loss of human identity in modern industrial society .
it is nothing of the sort .
it is a rather tedious mix of sentimentality and slapstick , and was anachronistic even when it was made in 1936 in that it pretends to be from the silent era , which had ended in 1927 .
to be fair , there are a few funny scenes , all of which take place in the factory .
the ones involving food are the best .
all the scenes outside the factory are boring and many of them are hopelessly sentimental .
the music , composed by chaplin , is horrendous .
chaplin 's wife is pretty , but ca n't act .
if the film had had a proper story developing the factory theme it could have been better .
as it is , it is a typical collection of music hall / vaudeville set pieces which are only loosely connected .
many of these scenes do not advance the plot and are n't funny .
the scene where chaplin sings is also not at all funny .
in my view chaplin was a one-trick pony with one character and a silly walk .
what he does , he does well , but there is really no range in it , and those who claim there is are deceiving themselves .
in short - there is no deep meaning to the film at all - do n't believe those who say there is .

-1
it 's true what they say - i started with `` reefer madness `` and `` the marijuana menace `` , and gradually worked up to the really hard stuff - `` the cocaine fiends `` .
but i have to tell you , if you watch this film under the influence , it will make just about as much sense .
i was generally able to follow what was going on in the story , but there were so many dropped frames and jump cuts i was n't sure if anything significant might have been left out .
the real head scratcher comes near the end of the picture when dorothy farley 's father is revealed as the top kingpin in the drug rackets at the same time that he 's trying to keep his daughter ` sweet and clean ' .
the scene exemplifies how poorly the film was in terms of building upon earlier events to tell a coherent story .
of course that probably was not the intent ; this was one of those ` educational ' films that tried to get it 's anti-drug scourge message across during a much less sophisticated era .
after seeing a handful of these flicks recently , it 's safe to say that on that level , they probably had no impact at all .
for all it 's evil connotation , the actual use of the word cocaine only occurs a few times in the story .
instead , the drug is routinely referred to as ` headache powders ' by the malevolent dope dealer as a way to hook potential victims .
by the time one becomes a ` hophead ' , he 's ready and willing to sell his soul for just one more shot .
the film does a good job at least of showing how drug victims go downhill quickly , usurping all motivation except for getting that high just one more time .
but for all that , the picture never does show anyone actually snorting the stuff , it 's all done by insinuation and after the fact .
kind of ironic if the mission was to show how unglamorous taking drugs is .
the hardest thing for me about the movie is trying to wrap my brain around the fact that it 's over 70 years old ! ! !
that , along with the perspective that 's offered relative to what value things had back in the thirties .
imagine a six dollar cover charge for the privilege of sharing two gin fizzes ( $ 1.50 ) and two ( $ 2.00 ) ; with tax , a total of $ .
on eddie 's ( dean benton ) twenty five dollar pay week , it was unnerving to see him squirm at the prospect of forking over almost half his paycheck for a few minutes of fun at the dead rat cafe .
geez , who would name their place the dead rat ? !

-1
in the 1930 's , a rash of `` youth gone wild `` films hit theatres and grindhouses across the u. s .
these `` cautionary tales `` were really no more than cheap exploitation films marketed under the guise of advisory : do n't let this happen to you or your children , and watch as they act like sex-crazed maniacs !
alluring , repulsive , campy , and downright horrible in equal measure , these films tried so hard and yet failed so spectacularly to be either entertaining to its target audience or informational , riddled as they were with sub-par talent and heinous misinformation .
while the granddaddy of all of these is the now-classic `` reefer madness `` , a few years before that came `` the pace that kills `` , marketed today under the title `` cocaine fiends . ``
jane ( lois january ) is a good country girl that helps mother out in the local cafe .
when fast-talking criminal nick ( noel madison ) hides out in her diner , jane is swept up in his life of big city crime and cocaine peddling with her first shot of nick 's special `` headache powder `` .
he convinces her to move to the city with him , where she quickly becomes a strung-out addict with no control over her life and renames herself `` lil `` .
also dragged into this of mobsters , molls , and white dust is jane 's naive brother eddie ( dean benton ) , his impressionable girlfriend , and a spoiled heiress .
crime , perversion , and youth gone `` wild `` abound !
obviously , the idea of wild was much different 70 years ago .
the most wild acts in the film -- including cocaine use , unmarried sex , and murder -- are shown off camera or only hinted at .
in fact , the main hook of the film is largely absent from most of it .
we 're supposed to believe that because of cocaine , all of these characters are doomed , yet the drug itself only comes up a handful of times in the course of the picture .
as for the `` perversion `` , girls show no skin and the romantic relations between the characters lack anything resembling passion or chemistry .
compare this to `` reefer madness `` , where several female characters were shown in states of undress and the targeted drug played a central role in the direct downfall of several of the characters .
the script is merely mediocre , and the acting is surprisingly adept , although given the context of the film , it does n't take much to impress .
lois january is actually quite convincing as , and toward the end of the film , when she gives in to her new persona , you believe the actress ' pain .
dean benton also has a few good moments , especially during a speech where eddie realizes that he is , indeed , a `` hophead . ``
where the film falters is pacing , structure , plot , and direction .
which , of course , means the foundation of the entire film is shaky at best .
the last act veers wildly off its already worn tracks , and while it mostly avoids the fatalistic ending of `` reefer madness `` , it also makes no sense in relation to the rest of the story .
a good half of the subplots of the film are never resolved or brought together , and viewers will end up feeling cheated .
and to feel cheated by `` cocaine fiends `` is a low that not even the finest `` headache powder `` will cure .
the film tries desperately to blend drama , romance , musical , action , and crime into a whole and fails to produce anything resembling any of those .
part of this may be due to the print itself .
although billed at 68 minutes here on the imdb , the alpha home video dvd print ( which bills the film as `` cocaine fiends `` in a , stand-alone dvd ) is only 60 minutes , and in at least half of the scenes , the film itself skips , leaving several lines of dialogue and explanation in a bloody heap on the cutting room floor .
the sound is also horrendous , and eddie 's girlfriend seemed to go by any number of names due to the appalling lack of clarity in the audio track ( i heard betty , fanny , sandy , and a few others ) .
in comparison , `` reefer madness `` 's print is in much better shape .
although the film does have a few redeeming moments , and it 's great for a laugh or for sampling into your latest electronica masterpiece , it 's a pale shadow of `` reefer madness `` , a standard by which it has no choice but to be judged against .
better to skip this one and go to the wild abandon to end all wild abandons .
at least for 1930 's youth .
3 out of 10 .

-1
this film , like the equally silly `` reefer madness `` , was meant to scare people into thinking that their kids could be ruined by evil drugs .
the plot is that a nice farm girl is seduced by a drug dealer into following him to the big city .
her brother searches for her , and falls into the same drug trap .
meanwhile , a policeman tries to warn his girlfriend to stay away from the `` dead rat cafe `` .
okay , now who would actually want to go to someplace called the `` dead rat cafe `` to start with ?
she is kidnapped by the drug dealer as a prize for his boss , `` mr. big `` , who turns out to be her father who has taken a bad time in the stock market .
ewww ... then we find out the cop was only dating her to get at her father , but he loves her anyway .
okay , guys , it never works out like that .

-1
of course i bought this on dvd ( in the ` gangsters ' set ) because it is a classic starring my second fave actor ( bogie , second only to the great cagney ) and leslie howard , who i always liked very much .
i have n't seen `` forest `` in many years and remembered not liking it that much .
such a classic , with such great stars , and i did n't like it that much ?
did i remember correctly ?
upon watching this again , i sure did .
`` the petrified forest `` is an over-dramatic film of a play with some great stars .
it reeks of the `` self-importance `` that so many plays convey , so much so that it just gets downright tiring to hear the silly dialogue from these lame characters ( especially howard 's and bette davis ' characters ) .
even besides all that , as far as the actual cinematography , this just sucks .
it literally is just a filmed play , as the soundstage it is filmed on could n't be more fake looking , despite some promising shots of leslie on a real desert road at the film 's start .
talk about early tim burton syndrome - i 'm shocked none of the stage equipment snuck in on screen , unless i missed it .
now of course , bogie is excellent but really , his part was n't that difficult to play , as he does n't really have much to do .
but he looks and sounds the part , and you can see a glimmer of the huge star he would become afterwards .
he 's fun to watch even if he does just sit there for most of the time .
bogie 's partner in crime with the shotgun is actually more fun to watch because he is more animated , especially when he is at odds with the football guy .
leslie howard ( his character of course ) comes across as a whiny blowhard .
he 's a scam artist too - he actually took a meal knowing full well he could n't pay for it because he had no money , so he was a liar right from the start .
but all the crap he talks , you just want him to shut his mouth .
sure a young and naive girl from some desert is going to listen and worship everything he says .
but he just never shuts up .
it never occurs to bette 's character that despite all of howard 's and experience , he 's a bum walking in the desert with nothing .
meanwile , she has a job , although not much of as future , but it still beats what he has .
but she still thinks he 's wise and intelligent .
when he gets too dramatic with the whole `` kill me `` thing , you want bogie to shoot him just to shut him up .
while it can be fun to watch leslie howard play this role occasionally , the character is just so unlikable , it 's hard not to cheer for his eventual demise .
bette davis looks nice , but she is obviously trying way too hard .
i know many think she 's this great actress , and she is good , i like watching some of her films .
but here , she 's just a bit too exhaustive and manic .
she 's acting as if she is indeed in a play , and not a movie , which is the whole mistake of virtually everything and everyone in this film .
you want to make a movie out of a play , then do that .
but movies that are simply plays with a movie camera aimed at the stage , suck .
like this .
there are some really dumb things here too , like mrs. chism asking bogie if she could go with him when he leaves .
i mean , c'mon .
play or no play , `` message `` or no message , you have to kidding me .
it 's crap like that that really makes a bad film worse .
i will say one thing , she was pretty hot , better looking than bette davis .
probably the most interesting scene in the film was when the two black characters interact after the black member of bogie 's gang asks chism 's driver if he 'd like a drink .
even though he 's still a `` lowly driver `` the gang member refers to him as `` colored brother , `` still a brother .
but then he teases him after the driver has to ask mr. chism if he can have a drink .
and of course the film is just loaded with over-dramatic scenes that reek of typical `` . ``
again , you want to make a movie out of a play , fine , but movies that are just plays shot on film suck .
so despite the great stars in this film , especially bogie and howard , really , this film sucks .

-1
i am extremely fond of old classic films , but `` the petrified forest `` was a major disappointment for me .
to be honest , i found the movie unbelievably silly .
of course , `` the petrified forest `` has an historical interest , being the first important humphrey bogart 's role .
indeed , bogie is great and ( almost ) succeeds to save his awful lines .
unfortunately , his time on the screen is rather short .
the script is really terrible : emphatic , pompous , completely out-of-place in the mouths of anybody , all the more of people living in the middle of nowhere .
bette davis as gabby is good , as always .
however , she was never famous for her beauty .
nevertheless , all the characters compete in praising gabby 's stunning beauty and gorgeous looks .
that becomes ridiculous after a short while .
the alan ( leslie howard ) is unbearable from the very beginning .
and his behavior in the finale is so absurd that it turns the film into farce .
the idea of the story could be good , but its treatment is awful .
the number of implausibilities flaws and clumsy situations is enormous .
the inn in the arizona desert is crowded as a at rush hour , mostly by useless , annoying characters .
an instance : the , gabby 's suitor .
i say : where the heck does he think to play football , remaining in the desert ?
people are hostages of the criminals , who even aim their weapons to them .
nonetheless they provoke , insult , even threaten the outlaws .
do you think it a likely behavior ?
the women get the situation very easy ... no hint that the criminals could rape them , so , just for fun ?
and then there is the final sensational hit of alan 's idea ... come on !
the script also contains a gaffe which is even tragic to our modern eyes .
clearly reflecting the author 's thought , gabby and alan keep complaining about uncivilized , rough america , and dreaming about the wonderful , peaceful europe , the land of learning , civilization , refinement ... but those were the most shameful years of the history of europe !
the nazis had got the power , started racial persecutions , and were fixing for the war .
meanwhile the communists were exterminating millions of people in the soviet union ( and preparing a war , as well ) .
and all that with the coward acquiescence of european moderate politicians .
really a great idea to go to live in europe !
another admirable intuition by the genius alan !
to crown a bad movie , we have the cardboard backdrops , very poor , although possibly par to the standards of the 1930s .
but for the possible interest of seeing bogart , i by no means recommend `` the petrified forest `` .

-1
dated dialog and the controlled confinement of a play is suicide , with no payoff for modern moviegoers .
the attraction of two superstars and one other star can not save this from being a melodramatic , melancholy , misfire not only by today 's standards but the verbiage probably started to before the patrons left the play , even in the thirties .
it is so over written and corny that even depression era dreamers could see through the silver lining in this clunky cloud .
this is as dusty as it gets and can really only be enjoyed by film and social historians as a slice of literary and cultural pop .
like today , this is what the public was offered .
an empty , pretentious , commercially driven deterrent to the woes of the day .
it was wrapped in plastic and sold , but did not cure the neurosis ( `` nature has unleashed `` ) and was a placebo at best .

-1
cecil rhodes is not an easy guy to like here in the 21st century .
while back in his day he was hailed as a hero , he was also the guy who started de beers ( the diamond monopoly ) and was the poster boy for colonialism -- having been the leader of cape colony ( south africa ) and having started rhodesia ( now zimbabwe ) -- two of the more racist nations at the time .
he also had a huge part in orchestrating the bloody boer war at the turn of the 19th century .
so , it 's not surprising that we do n't see more biographies of the man -- films died out a long time ago .
this 1936 film is not especially good .
first , it is dry as dust and often looks more like a documentary instead of a feature film -- a very dry documentary .
second , how good could such a biography be when they cast the very american walter huston in the lead ? !
sure , he was a very fine actor ... and totally wrong as the british rhodes .
third , while the film should have been beautiful an expansive , it 's obvious that the film was made in a studio -- not the lovely south african countryside .
and , the film lacks music that might have made the whole thing look and sound grand .
instead , it was just flat and dull .
by the way , rhodes was , perhaps , the strongest supporter of colonialism in history and hoped to one day have britain take control of africa , the middle east and even return the united states to its colonial empire !
now i would have loved to have heard this in the film !

-1
rogue of the range shows you that some good film ideas can come from strange places .
meaning that rogue of the range is the strange place .
the same scenario was used 13 years later for the classic james cagney film white heat .
if you remember it was fbi man edmond o'brien 's job to go into prison and get close to cagney to find out who was the guy masterminding the jobs that cagney 's gang pulled .
which is exactly what ` government ' man johnny mack brown 's mission is in rogue of the range .
brown pulls a job that the gang has earmarked which gives him his criminal credentials and later he goes to prison and busts out with george ball who is the cagney character .
of course brown fulfills his mission , but hardly with the same spectacular results that white heat 's climax had .
there 's also a little romance with lois january and the saving of little nell the gospel singer played by phyllis hume from marriage to the snidely whiplash mastermind stephen chase .
strictly for b western fans and particularly fans of johnny mack brown who is always a good cowboy hero .

-1
late 30 's independent serial that feels like poverty row feature from several years earlier .
this is a `` yellow peril `` tale of a half chinese half western woman looking to take over chinatown by destroying the chinese merchants .
bela lugosi stars as the scientific genius and main operative who uses his scientific skill to create havoc and to try and stop a detective played by herman brix from putting an end to the criminal endeavor .
i 'm of mixed emotions about this serial .
to be certain it has all of the things you associate with a serial in spades , a great villain , great traps , and plot that just keeps going .
however the serial is so poorly and evenly made and acted that you 'll be sitting staring at the screen in utter disbelief .
not to put too fine a point on it this serial is a mess .
first off the serial is constructed like one of the annoying horror mystery films from a few years earlier when sound was just coming in .
everyone talks and talks and talks as if sound was still a novelty .
more often then not when that happens the motion of the film just stops as we watch the dialog scenes .
( yes its fine when the action happens but those dialog scenes are deadly ) .
it does n't help that much of the film is poorly shot .
the sets often look cheap and as though they have been thrown together randomly , or worse as if they are just walls with nothing behind them .
the cast is awful .
lugosi gives what is more often then not a .
even in his drug addled later days he at least seemed to be connected to the action , here he seems to be in another film entirely .
its at its worst when lugosi is alone on screen and he seems to be completely lost as if waiting for the director to tell him what to do .
at times its probably his worst performance .
the rest of the cast is a mixed bag but most of them seem to be either phoning it in or incapable of acting on screen .
( the reporter comes off as an annoying chipmunk ) when i watched the version of this a few months back i stated that the only thing worse then that was the full version .
seeing the serial again for the first time in maybe two decades i have to revise that , the feature is worse .
granted this is n't a four star winner by an stretch of the imagination and maybe is only a 3 out of 10 .
however this scores over the feature simply because it has more chapter endings and serial like adventures then the feature .
for lugosi fanatics and serial nuts only

-1
the version i just saw was almost unwatchable .
it came as part of a pack of 50 sci-fi movies .
i suspected , but did not know , it had been a serial until reading the reviews here .
pacing was terrible , jumps were made that made no sense , and the overall quality of acting and sets was deplorable .
also , the copy of the print i saw was in terrible shape .
but considering it 's vintage , better may not be possible .
the high-point for me was luana walters .
wow , was she beautiful !
it 's a shame she did n't play the bad part up more instead of having a conscious .
oh well .
bela lugosi was such an enjoyable all-in-all , an almost passable and interesting time-waster on a sunday night .

-1
as i often say , i enjoy watching the master , lugosi , in just about anything .
the problem with this is he does n't have much to do .
in order to create a serial , it 's necessary for the bad guy to continue to goof up , leaving his adversaries alive to continue the pursuit .
the episodes are an endless of zombie like lackeys and air headed reporters .
there 's enough sexism to go around for a long time .
the conclusion will make some gag .
chinatown businesses are the target of lugosi who is `` eurasian `` and very angry about something , i guess being eurasian .
he tries to destroy the town just for spite .
it 's an endless parade of pratfalls and silly hypnotism .
the one young asian woman is very beautiful .
she is the honorable one in the film , but has been used by lugosi and he has a hypnotic control over her .
it all comes out in the wash , as if we cared .

-1
`` emery motors `` cars are being tested by race-car driver james stewart ( as terry martin ) .
although he should be wounded in the opening crash , mr. stewart emerges from a car unscathed .
he must be invulnerable .
`` woman drivers `` make stewart nervous , so he takes the driver 's seat to show arriving publicist wendy barrie ( as jane mitchell ) how cars are created on an assembly line .
`` a whole lot of man and a while lot of machine make a whole lot of automobile , `` stewart explains ... from the engineering department , weldon heyburn ( as frank lawson ) also likes showing ms. barrie around the factory .
he does n't seem to notice the loving glances being thrown around by una merkel ( as `` jo `` sanderson ) .
stewart gets his new carburetor in shape for the `` indianapolis 500 `` with help from comic sidekick ted healy ( as `` gadget `` haggerty ) .
`` speed `` amounts to little more than stock footage and juvenile romance .
in the end , stewart learns `` a girl can have horse sense too . ``
*** speed ( ) edwin l. marin ~ james stewart , wendy barrie , weldon heyburn , una merkel

-1
i 've always been curious about this since someone never got the bright idea to release it on video to capitalize on the success of keanu reeve 's film with the same title .
after viewing it , i think it was to save james stewart 's reputation .
this speed is a modest b picture actioner about a test car who is a bit of a .
for reasons not explained in the film , he has a problem with design engineers who have an education .
but he 's got an eye for wendy barrie from the publicity department and so does weldon heyburn the engineer who has roused jimmy stewart 's ire .
that thin romantic plot is fattened out with newsreel scenes from the automobile plant and from racetracks .
stewart is involved with a nasty crash that almost kills his pal ted healy who as the sidekick has the best part in this film .
since it did n't cost much and played the bottom half of , i 'm sure speed recouped its cost for mgm .
but today it would n't make the made for tv grade .

-1
although some have tried to argue that he was an actual person , it seems likely that the story of a throat-cutting barber sweeney todd arose first as a bit of urban myth that was developed into an 1846 story titled the string of pearls by writer thomas .
a year later the story was adapted to the stage as sweeney todd , the demon barber of fleet street .
the story has remained popular into the 21st century and is today best known as a musical by stephen sondheim .
the 1936 english film came about due to english laws which required film studios to produce a certain number of films for every film imported .
george king was among the who specialized in `` quota quickies `` and tod slaughter was his `` star . ``
born in 1885 , slaughter was never among the great actors of his day -- but he was a stage favorite with provincial audiences , most especially when he played villains , and most especially when he played sweeney todd .
this particular version of the story differs a great deal from later versions , but the basic story remains the same .
todd is a london barber who occasionally cuts a throat ; mrs. lovatt ( stella rho ) is his partner in crime , who bakes the victims up into pies .
now , make no mistake about it : this version of sweeney todd is essentially one made by a pack of hacks , so you 'll find no art here .
it really is a `` quota quickie , `` badly written , badly filmed , with a cast that goes from adequate to inept .
even so , slaughter and rho are quite entertaining , playing so broadly and with melodramatic glee that offers a window onto the playing styles of a by-gone era .
the whole thing is so over-the-top , , that it really can be quite a bit of fun if approached in the right spirit .
it would , however , be quite a bit more fun if the dvd prints available today were good quality .
they are not .
indeed they are so poor that the film is barely watchable , and it goes without saying that there are no bonuses of any kind .
recommended , but really only for those who are interested in tracing the history of sweeney tod in his various incarnations .
gft , amazon reviewer

-1
plan 9 from outer space was n't made as a work of art .
it was n't even made to be good .
it was made for one reason and one reason only .
to make money .
and , being as bad ( and laughable ) as it was , it has become a cult classic as a result .
i mention that by way of comparison .
`` reefer madness `` falls into the same category , even though the production of it was somewhat better , with an added bonus for the folks involved with the making of it ... it was also meant to be used as a `` teaching `` tool .
teaching in this instance being synonymous with propaganda .
calling this flick `` highly exaggerated `` or `` over the top `` is putting it mildly .
which is exactly why , given the very pronounced change in society 's view of marijuana , it is so much fun and rightly deserves the title `` cult classic `` .
well done ?
hardly .
fun ?
oh yes .
so ... i think everyone ought to see this at least once just for the fun of it .
parents , tell your children .

-1
i 've just seen `` reefer madness `` for the first time , and i must say that it was hilarious .
one scene that was memorable for me was when mary got shot .
how could that happen when bill and jack ( please correct me if i got the names wrong ) were struggling on the floor and she was on the couch ?
as far fetched as some of this movie was , i found it very amusing ( and no , i 'm not high as i type this !
) this movie appears to be a public service vehicle to keep kids from `` marihuana `` .
marijuana ( the producers of this film would probably pronounce the proper spelling `` ) is a dangerous drug , but not nearly as dangerous as crack , cocaine and many other drugs .
i 've never heard of a case of anyone that has smoked weed starting to dance as badly as these characters were .
i was born in 1974 , so i guess i had to be there .
overall , a pretty entertaining film , if nothing else .
it wo n't go down in film history as the greatest film of all time , but it did make me laugh !

-1
i doubt that anyone still takes this movie seriously these days but it 's funny seeing how people went paranoid about pot in the 30 's .
there are lots of wildly exaggerated or plain wrong comments and accusations in it .
best among them are that pot is more dangerous than heroin , it will make you violent and eventually incurably insane .
the film details how smoking pot changes the lives of a couple of all-american teenagers .
in fact , they 're so clean cut , nice to their parents and just plain perfect that you 're actually happy when their lives turn bad .
on the way there we see some really funny overacting and the way that middle america thought people behaved after smoking pot .
a single puff immediately has you in hysterics , after a couple of minutes it 's down to pre-marital sex ( hey , that 's enough to get me hooked !
) , followed by a violent paranoia and finally of course , insanity .
the film is fairly standard propaganda stuff and follows the three important propaganda ingredients to a t. it 's badly acted , exaggerated in hammering home a couple of points and frightening the uninformed about the fact that no one is safe from this great danger .
it is however fairly lengthy for a propaganda movie and it 's not as ridiculous as i expected .
although there are some really funny scenes that rightly make this a classic .

-1
sure i was laughing !
i laughed about the bad , baaaad acting ; the absurd premise and the horrible directing , convincing me that the crew must have been stoned .
i laughed at the piano being played too fast , the maniacally laughing and the accidental shooting .
i cracked up at lines like `` one puff and you 're hooked `` , the ludicrous supposition that marihuana ( apparently pronounced `` `` in those parts of the world ) is a narcotic and the assumption that thc , similar to , will drive you psychotic .
and sure , i had just smoked a huge joint , having watched this during a holiday in amsterdam and was high like a kite ( though i have to admit : i did n't feel like playing the piano too fast , nor did it inspire me to gun anybody down ) .
but then i began to reflect : this movie is almost old and there were still people who believed the hackneyed nonsense it propagated .
i thought about all the ruined lives of those who had been caught with a few joints .
i thought about aids , cancer and multiple patients who are denied alternative medication and about all the lives that have been lost in the so-called `` war on drugs `` that keeps the mafia and alive and prosperous .
that 's when i stopped laughing .

-1
i learned a lot watching reefer madness ( aka teach your children ... hey did you know that the song `` teach your children `` is also also known as `` reefer madness ? ``
small world , huh ?
) .
amongst the points i learned , marijuana is a dangerous narcotic ( actually narcotics are specific type of drug that includes opiates ... oh well ) .
also , it can produce fits of horrible violence , and near incurable insanity .
it 's a good thing i do n't do drugs , but even if i did this movie would have scared me straight .
i hear conflicting reports whether this movie was made as propaganda , or simply as a piece of trash meant to cash in on 1930s drug paranoia .
either way , it 's a pretty inaccurate and humourous look at the effects of marijuana on some rather dumb teenagers .
besides the rather loose and fast rules about drugs ( calling marijuana more dangerous than heroin for example ) , the producers also tend to have difficulty with things like suspense and continuity .
perhaps the film was actually presenting that of an alternate reality , one in which marijuana really can drive a person nuts , not to the refrigerator .
that would explain a few of the gaffes in the film , like the time when the car runs over the human at top speed , leaving neither the car nor the human with any visible physical injury .
or the time when a character is shot from across the room ( in the back ) by two men struggling on the ground with the gun .
even the warren would n't have bought that trajectory .
and my very favorite moment of the film , when a woman leaps out of a high window , the old woman she 's walking with has to run to the window and look down before reacting in horror .
cause , you know , she might have landed on a flag pole or something .
then again , maybe this was n't an alternate reality .
maybe the filmmakers were the ones all hopped up and they decided to goof around with the camera for 70 odd minutes .
in any event , `` reefer madness `` will definitely teach your children that it is made by people who clearly had very little information on their subject , or how to make a good movie .

-1
i have tried to watch this film twice with the identical outcome : i turned it off before it ended .
i should add i am a devoted fan of irene dunne and slightly less so of melvyn douglas but i ca n't see how these two professionals could have stomached this drivel .
it 's supposed to be a comedy but there 's really nothing funny about it and nobody comes off well .
the lynnfield residents are portrayed as provincial and small-minded while the new yorkers are portrayed as pushy and inconsiderate alcoholics .
melvyn douglas is at his most annoying here .
there 's nothing to redeem him .
his character throws himself at irene dunne 's character and when she flees in terror his reaction is to grin , no leer , as he watches her flight .
the only character i found likable was thomas mitchell 's newspaperman whose attempt to open his fellow citizens ' minds is the departure point for this exercise in aggravation .
watch at your own risk .

-1
act one : in the town of lynnfield , connecticut , publisher jed waterbury ( thomas mitchell ) causes a scandal when his newspaper publishes a serialization of `` the sinner , `` a risquã© best-seller by caroline adams .
the local lynnfield literary society , a group of catty , gossiping ladies led by rebecca perry ( spring byington ) , threatens to cancel their subscriptions unless the paper stops printing the novel .
waterbury is forced to concede .
the uproar is especially troubling for theodora lynn ( irene dunne ) , a member of the town 's founding family , who lives with her two uptight maiden aunts ( elisabeth ; margaret mcwade ) .
in fact , theodora is caroline adams , author of `` the sinner , `` a secret she keeps from her aunts , and from the town .
act ii : while in new york to meet with her publisher , theodora meets michael grant ( melvyn douglas ) , an obnoxious artist who designed her book 's cover .
intrigued by the fact that `` caroline adams `` wants to keep her personal life a secret , grant follows theodora back to lynnfield .
he then woos her with that time-honored movie technique of behaving like an a -- hole , a ploy that seems to work only in the movies .
grant tells theodora he 's going to `` help her break out of her circumstances , `` even though she repeatedly tells him she prefers to keep things as they are .
grant gets theodora to hire him as a `` family gardener `` by blackmailing her , threatening to tell her aunts that she is caroline adams .
he takes up residence in the family 's guest cottage , and drives the lynn family ( and the people watching the movie ) crazy by his constant annoying whistling , and by setting his dog after the lynn family 's cat .
the second act of this movie was one of the most things i 've watched in movies in a long time .
the filmmakers treat the cat with nothing short of animal cruelty .
they would be arrested today for what they do on film to the cat !
and we 're supposed to think this is funny ?
but of course , theodora falls in love with grant .
but when she finally stands up to her aunts and their gossipy , self-righteous lady friends , grant leaves theodora and flees back to new york .
act iii : for some reason , theodora follows grant back to new york .
there , she learns he has a wife ( leona ) whom he does not love .
but he ca n't divorce her because grant 's father ( henry kolker ) is lt. governor of new york , and it would cause a scandal .
determined to `` break michael grant out of his circumstances `` ( as he did for her , even though she did n't want him to ) , theodora orders her publisher to publicize her as the scandalous author caroline adams ( something she would n't let him do until now ) .
theodora becomes a celebrity author .
she moves in to michael grant 's apartment , and entertains reporters there , hoping to cause a scandal that will force grant 's wife to sue for divorce , even though grant himself moves out of the apartment when theodora moves in .
( side note : the filmmakers had no respect for asians .
i really hated toki , grant 's stereotypical japanese manservant character , who is always going on about his `` lemon pie . ``
) of course , theodora 's actions scandalize the town of lynnfield , and cause a lot of trouble for her aunts .
but eventually theodora is welcomed home by the town , despite the efforts of the hypocritical gossip rebecca perry to make her an outcast .
the third act of this movie almost makes up for the horrible second act , because theodora turns the tables on grant , and drives him crazy by causing a scandal about him in the press , just as he did about her in her home town .
it 's a very sweet payback , and irene dunne has fun turning from a shy hometown girl into a wild celebrity author .
but theodora just does n't realize that michael grant is n't worth it .
do they end up together at the end ?
do they `` live happily ever after , `` even though he 's the most obnoxious guy she 's ever met ?
this is a hollywood movie .
what do you think ?

-1
director siegmund lubin , who was born in today 's poland , is one of the earliest eastern-european filmmakers .
while he has produced considerably over 3,000 silent films between 1896 and 1916 , he only directed four of them .
one of these is his take on the famous western classic the great train robbery .
remakes were pretty common these days , so no surprise here .
the final outcome does n't differ much in quality from the original , only lubin was n't the creative head behind the story .
basically , it has all you 'd expect from the genre : horses , country dances , cowboy hats and shootouts .
one of the central characters is played by lubin 's daughter here .
it 's one to watch for silent film enthusiasts or in order to analyze difference and similarities compared to the original , but the rest can very well do without it .

-1
in a peaceful indian ( aka native american ) village , owen moore ( he 's silver eagle ) courts squaw lottie pickford ( she 's ) .
inevitably , white conquerors arrive ; at gunpoint , they force the indian tribe to abandon their land .
for nefarious reasons , the conquerors keep lovely lottie for themselves , sadly separating her from departing sweetheart moore .
must the indian sweethearts remain forever apart ?
( mary 's sister ) lottie pickford is a beguiling indian squaw .
director d.w. griffith 's `` the red man 's view `` scores points for its point-of-view ; however , it remains a relatively weak and unimaginative drama .
**** the red man 's view ( ) d.w. griffith ~ owen moore , lottie pickford , james kirkwood

-1
this biograph short from 1911 has a rather annoying story : blanche sweet rejects charles west for joseph and , through a baking accident , goes blind ; , appalled at the thought , now rejects her .
meanwhile , west goes blind through too much office work .
both at the eye doctor 's office at the same time , he recognizes her by her voice and gives her father the money to pay for her surgery .
later , when she can see again and he is making his slow way up the street , she fetches him in for , one presumes , a happy ending .
even by griffith 's often sentimental standards , this one is overly sentimental .
nor , unhappily , are the actors up to making the conditions very interesting .
blanche sweet keeps her eyes closed when she is blind .
charles west acts arthritic .
at times while watching this i thought it might actually be an early mack sennett picture , given that fred mace has the role of west 's employer , but , , no , apparently everyone is dead serious about this one .

-1
the version of this film i saw was a lot shorter than how long this film was supposed to be .
some of this could be due to differing cranking speeds -- silent films greatly varied on their length due to how fast the camera and projector are hand-cranked .
in addition , a lot of very early films exist in several versions -- some times because the film was cut apart by movie theaters or distributors and some times simply because the print is so old , only portions remain .
whichever might be the case with this film , something definitely was missing .
that 's because i found i really needed to read the summary on imdb to understand what was occurring in the film -- it really is n't evident in the film and there are no inter-title cards in the film to clue you in to what is occurring .
based on what i saw and the summary , the film itself is pretty silly and old fashioned -- with an interesting plot that is almost impossible to believe .
compared to other movies of the time , this one is slightly worse than average and does n't especially play well almost 100 years later .

-1
bangville police supposedly marked the debut of the keystone kops , named after the studio they worked for .
in this one , however , they do n't dress in the silly cop costumes or drive the fast-paced car that 's their trademark .
anyway , mabel normand is a farm girl here who 's begged her dad for a calf .
she later sees some strange men in the barn and quickly calls the police .
one answers and the chase is on .
next , mabel slams her door just as someone is coming in .
turns out it 's her mother who jumps to the conclusion robbers are in there !
so while mabel blocks her door with furniture , the mother and father try to fight their way in !
this was perhaps the most amusing part of the short along with some explosions of the cop car .
this was a short 7 minutes that went by so fast it 's over before it 's begun .
the only real characterization that 's developed is mabel 's who exudes charm with just her face and big eyes and seems so optimistically cheery here except , of course , when she 's frightened .
it 's easy to see why she became a star .
it 's largely because of her that i 'd recommended seeing this at least once and why i 'm giving this a 4 .

-1
wladyslaw starewicz ( ladislas in france ) was a genius of early stop-motion puppet animation .
his humorous tales involving toys , replicas of insects , frogs and such remain delightful to this day ; `` the cameraman 's revenge `` is especially amazing for 1912 .
this , `` christmas eve `` , is a live-action film , though .
there is some animation and mild special effects .
it 's amusing in parts , but , overall , it 's unremarkable .
the camera-work and film-making are mostly straightforward : a stationary camera without much scene dissection or close shots .
scenes become rather dull as a result .
the exceptions are two brief forward , shaking camera movements involving the devil flying .
that 's innovative film-making ; if only he 'd built upon it , this film might have went somewhere .
it reminds one of the startling camera movements he accomplished in `` the mascot `` ( 1934 ) , which also involved a devil .
additionally , ivan ( ivan mosjoukine in france ) , a star in his day and unrecognizable in the costume , seems to relish his role as the devil .
the gogol story of connected stories is promising material , but this adaptation does n't appear to be on the right scale for starewicz .
as a film made in 1913 , it 's okay and has its moments ; however , as a film by starewicz , it 's unsatisfactory .
`` the cameraman 's revenge `` is nearly unbelievable as a film made in the early 1910s ; `` christmas eve `` , however , is clearly such .

-1
this is a very weird and contrived comedy short .
a rather ugly guy ( ford sterling in a lot of makeup ) is on his way to marry a goofy looking lady .
however , as he walks to the wedding , some knuckleheads think it 's funny to sprinkle red pepper on his bouquet .
when the wedding begins , the bride to be and the preacher are caught up in sneezing fits ... and it only gets weirder from here .
soon , a jealous boyfriend thinks sterling is making time with his girl and pays some roughnecks to beat him up !
eventually , however , sterling escapes and the wedding continues .
the plot here is weird and contrived -- and you 'd never see or think of anything like this happening in real life .
and , on top of that , it really is n't very funny .

-1
mr. blackheart ( frank ) has been appointed guardian of a rich young lady .
he plans to have his son ( chester conklin ) marry the woman and steal her fortune -- though he is already married !
blackheart jr. soon begins pouring it one strong and tries to make love to the unsuspecting lady .
as for the lady , she just seems creeped out by the guy -- and you really can not blame her .
when her actual boyfriend arrives , the blackhearts drive him off and do everything they can to keep them apart .
can the two young lovers make a go of it or will the blackhearts swindle the poor lass ?
this is such a prototypical ` snidely whiplash ' sort of slapstick comedy -- with mustachioed villains trying to hurt the sweet lady .
however , it 's also not all that funny .
worth seeing if you are a silent addict , otherwise mack sennett made better stuff .

-1
the poem of the same name that this film was based on was very popular and much better known at the time than it is now , and the film benefits from having read it ; as with most parodies of specific works , there is at least a layer of enjoyment that depends upon knowledge of the original work , so one can appreciate what has remained intact and what has been changed - and how .
because of this , this is n't as much a stand-alone piece of work as most of the other keystone chaplins .
one gag i have n't seen mentioned in other reviews , that still works if one remembers how risquã© and erotically charged it would have been in historical context , is when we see artist charlie in flashback apparently draw a model 's curvy backside .
the copy i saw was missing the numerous `` lengthy titles `` ( apparently altered versions of extracts of the poem ) referred to in david robinson 's book .
but i must mention that charlie 's pants in this film are spectacularly baggy !
this is n't one of his funniest films by a long shot , but familiarity with the poem does make it funnier .

-1
this film , directed and edited by chaplin moves quickly like most of his self-involved films do .
chaplin is a painter whose girl is wooed away by a man with more means .
he bemoans this by scolding the portrait he had apparently painted of the man earlier on and then getting drunk and angry in a bar , tossing out patrons .
then he supposedly runs into his girl later on , unrecognized by her , with her and her growing family .
this film is notable for a couple of reasons .
the first is it 's one of chaplin 's first films where he plays a relatively straight role throughout the film , and the second reason is it contains perhaps his first real attempt at pathos in his films : he draws a smiley face on the bar room floor of the girl who left him .
however , the print i saw had the scene of chaplin bumping into his girl 's family reversed with his scene in the bar .
this is the second chaplin film i 've seen where restoration has failed by changing the editing , like this , or reversing the images .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
mabel normand again teams up with chaplin in another slapstick comedy .
mack sennett is on hand as a fellow suitor with chaplin .
the film starts immediately with violent brick throwing between chaplin , mabel normand and her beau .
pretty soon there are three men after mabel , trying to best each other or bop each other in the head .
charlie and mack swain end up all wet and mack sennett ends up with mabel , surprise surprise .
many familiar slapstick moments are in this film , and the violent is a bit jarring and unnecessary .
however , in silent comedy there was a need to provoke reactions in the audience rather then having to employ over-exaggerated mannerisms to get points across .
i saw two versions of this film with reverse camera angles in each film , and i 'm wondering if this was a mistake on the restoration part of it .
one version appeared to be restored , although they both could have been .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
considering the fact that this was chaplin 's last film for keystone , i wonder if there 's any significance in the title and plot regarding how chaplin really felt about keystone .
it 's no secret chaplin felt constrained by the slapdash slapstick and improvisation of keystone comedies .
is it possible chaplin was referring to keystone in the title : his prehistoric past ?
chaplin plays a caveman with mack swain who is the leader of the cavemen apparently .
chaplin and swain get into it about , one of swain 's 1000 wives !
chaplin saves her from drowning , and swain becomes jealous .
the final scene seems to comment on the dreamlike year chaplin had in 1914 making over thirty films for keystone and becoming famous .
chaplin edited , wrote , and directed the film , which once again shies away from the familiar slapstick of keystone for the most part .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
there has been quite a bit of debate through the years among silent film fans as to whether kid auto races at venice should or should not be considered the birth of chaplin 's tramp .
on the one hand , much suggests that mabel 's strange predicament was filmed a bit earlier ; the most significant evidence being chaplin 's own recollection in his autobiography .
however , kid auto races at venice was definitely the first of the two films to be released and hence introduce the character to audiences ( if only by a mere two days -- films were made more rapidly back then ) .
perhaps it does n't really matter that much , in the end .
this improvised little film does in any case provide one of chaplin 's very , very first performances as the tramp .
as swedish poet and critic lars has pointed out , the film has received retrospective interest more or less similar to that given the earliest paintings of pablo picasso .
what is certain is that chaplin appears to be more comfortable and playful with this new-found outfit of his , than in his very first film making a living ( where he 'd appeared with a more typical of costume ) .
he 'd still spend a few months or even years developing the character into the immortal personality we all remember so well , but also if one ignores our own knowledge of what would come later , i believe the potential is very evident even at this point .
the plot is perhaps even simpler than the average : charlie attends the races one afternoon and causes frustration for a cameraman , played by the actual director of this film henry lehrman .
many a commentator of the film has remarked that the constant kicking between performer and director in this film may not have been all acting .
lehrman and chaplin constantly argued , as the director felt this newcomer from england took too many liberties as a performer .
the entire film , which was shot on location , lasts for seven minutes , and does n't really go anywhere .
city lights is a far way ahead , no doubt about it .
however , there 's something about this little fellow , even here .
his way of turning up again in front of the camera , as lehrman is apparently trying to shoot some footage of the actual races , is still funny .
i can hardly think of any other performer , at keystone or anywhere else , who could 've done so well with so little material , especially when one considers that few of his colleagues at the company had much faith in him at this early point .
his peculiar grimaces and agility make one interested in this little pest of a fellow .
had chaplin not been in kid auto races at venice , and marked the film with the tramp 's oddly unforgettable presence as well as historical interest in retrospect , it would probably have been one of keystone 's least memorable efforts , in their history .
however , one other notable feature in the film is the fact that it was filmed during an authentic 1914 `` kid auto race , `` with an authentic audience not prepared for a film crew .
some bystanders seem to be uncertain about chaplin 's role ; is he part of the crew , or an actual pest ?
soon enough , of course , few were to wonder who charlie chaplin was .
( this review has since been somewhat updated and revised , jan. 2013 )

-1
mabel at the wheel is one of those movies with a behind-the-scenes story that 's more interesting than the movie itself .
this was chaplin 's tenth comedy for keystone during his year of apprenticeship , and his first two-reeler .
here he played one of his last out-and-out villain roles ( although the feature-length tillie 's punctured romance was yet to come ) , and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself .
in fact , chaplin 's conflicts with director and co-star mabel normand almost got him fired from the studio .
chaplin had n't gotten along with his earlier directors , henry lehrman and george nichols , but according to his autobiography having to take direction from a mere `` girl `` was the last straw .
charlie and mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film .
chaplin was still a newcomer at keystone and his colleagues did n't know what to make of him , but everyone loved mabel .
producer mack sennett was on the verge of firing chaplin when he learned that the newcomer 's films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them a.s.a.p . , so chaplin was promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this movie the way mabel wanted it .
in light of all this it 's appropriate that charlie and mabel are at odds during much of mabel at the wheel .
in the opening sequence charlie is courting mabel and offers her a ride on his bike , but she tumbles off into a and , soon afterward , charlie reveals his villainous nature .
we notice right away that chaplin looks odd here , sporting a goat-like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat from his very first film appearance , making a living .
the outfit suits the over-sized , ford villainy he displays .
he 's certainly no gentleman .
when mabel strikes him across the face he promptly hits her back , and during the course of the film he sticks a pin in almost everyone 's derriã¨re .
what a mean guy !
the central plot concerns an auto race in which mabel 's beau ( harry mccoy ) is scheduled to compete , but wicked charlie and his henchmen abduct the lad , and mabel must take the wheel in his place .
for all the racing around , brick hurling and the film is frankly short on laughs , but there are some points of interest .
there 's good cinematography and editing in the race sequence , though there are n't really any gags , just lots of frantic activity .
visible in the stands at the race track are several keystone stalwarts such as chester conklin , edgar kennedy in a strangely dandified get-up , and a more characteristic mack sennett , hawking up spit and doing his usual mindless rube routine .
as a performer sennett was about as subtle as the movies he produced , but you have to give him credit : he knew what people liked .
these films were hugely popular in their day .
mack 's performance does n't add much to mabel at the wheel , but he probably had to be on hand for the filming just to make sure his stars did n't murder each other .

-1
this slight chaplin film has charlie playing another troublemaker , which really did not suit him .
watching these films close together , one wonders whether or not anyone noticed .
however , most of these early chaplin films were experimental in terms of technique but rather bland in terms of plot .
many plots were repetitive it seems .
this film concerns mabel normand having some trouble with selling what looks like hamburgers ; however , one of the alternate titles for the film suggests she 's selling hot dogs .
you be the judge .
everyone seems to want to take poor mabel 's wares until chaplin arrives on the scene and appears to defend her at first .
chaplin expects certain gratuities for standing up for her , and when none are forthcoming , he too absconds with her goods .
look for keystone producer mack sennett and future silent comedian charley chase in small roles .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
this film is another one of chaplin 's park comedies .
chaplin 's rival this time is chester conklin of bushy mustache fame .
the girls are of questionable repute , which must have been part of the joke when first released .
there 's plenty of nice physical comedy and the usual slapstick in this film , but for the most part , it 's more of the same from chaplin during his keystone period .
for the third film in a row , chaplin finds a unique way of lighting a cigarette .
the film degenerates into a brawl inside a theater at the end , as chaplin finds everything cozy next to both a blonde and a brunette .
both are soon replaced by chester conklin and another guy ; a brawl ensues , and chaplin is thrust through the theater canvas by the seat of his pants .
not one of the better early chaplin films .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
i saw ` the typhoon ' in october 2006 at the cinema muto film festival in sacile , italy .
the festival screened a print from eastman house , restored via funding from the ( u.s. ) national endowment for the arts .
the film 's title is mostly symbolic , referring either to tempestuous emotions or to the implacable torrent of destiny .
as he did so many times during his hollywood career , japanese actor sessue hayakawa portrays here a japanese character intended for occidental audiences : a yellow man whose penchant for white women combines with a bizarre code of honour unlike our western ethos .
spoilers throughout .
this time round , hayakawa portrays tokorama ( is that an authentic japanese name ?
) , a diplomatic staff officer at the japanese embassy in paris .
tokorama is having an affair with an american woman ... white , of course .
other japanese staffers at the embassy deem this relationship improper and they try to intercede , but they succeed only in setting up an ( ?
) situation , provoking tokorama into murdering the woman .
allegedly , tokorama 's diplomatic work is so essential to relations between japan and france , the japanese government can not afford to have him prosecuted .
a younger japanese man , named , is persuaded to take the blame for tokorama 's crime ... for the honour of japan , of course .
is tried and executed , but then tokorama conveniently dies anyway .
rather than revealing the truth after tokorama 's death , his colleagues decide that -- for the honour of japan -- the truth must never be revealed .
all of tokorama 's diaries and papers are deliberately destroyed .
ah , so !
ah , so much of this movie seems so very pointless .
after contriving a plot line in which the innocent is executed for tokorama 's act -- really a crime of passion more than a murder -- the film-makers make sure that tokorama dies anyway , probably to satisfy american and european audiences ' sense of justice .
in some of his other hollywood films , hayakawa managed to portray dignified and heroic figures with a true sense of honour .
here , all the evasions which are set up for his benefit -- allegedly a matter of ` honour ' -- only manage to help hayakawa 's character escape responsibility for his own actions .
if this were the only sessue hayakawa movie i 'd ever seen , i would n't have a high opinion of him as an actor .
` the typhoon ' does have a few merits , but it 's not a good introduction to hayakawa 's film career .
i was intrigued to see frank borzage in this film , in a supporting role : borzage became one of the most important hollywood directors of the late silent era and the 1930s .
his acting performance in this film proves that he was wise to become a director .
i 'll rate ` the typhoon ' just 4 points out of 10 .

-1
in this short , under an hour feature , all we have is the narrative , which , although risque in 1915 , seems tame today .
there are no production values , directorial technique or performances that are in any way above the merely adequate .
what is most interesting is the ending where the racial intolerance of the age manifests itself with a courtroom rising to lynch the asian who has branded the white woman for failing to keep up her end of their bargain .
society may tolerate him as a plaything , but he must never think he is one of them .
do n't bother seeking this out unless the racial bigotry theme interests you .

-1
considering the fact that this was chaplin 's last film for keystone , i wonder if there 's any significance in the title and plot regarding how chaplin really felt about keystone .
it 's no secret chaplin felt constrained by the slapdash slapstick and improvisation of keystone comedies .
is it possible chaplin was referring to keystone in the title : his prehistoric past ?
chaplin plays a caveman with mack swain who is the leader of the cavemen apparently .
chaplin and swain get into it about , one of swain 's 1000 wives !
chaplin saves her from drowning , and swain becomes jealous .
the final scene seems to comment on the dreamlike year chaplin had in 1914 making over thirty films for keystone and becoming famous .
chaplin edited , wrote , and directed the film , which once again shies away from the familiar slapstick of keystone for the most part .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
`` hearts in exile `` is a dated , convoluted melodrama , but it 's not all bad for what it is .
such flawed melodramas were typical back then , and i 've seen better and worse than this .
my main interest in anticipation of viewing , besides being part of my search to see a lot of old silent movies , was that it stars clara kimball young .
she was a rather big star in the silent era , and i found her role in another 1915 film , `` trilby `` , to be interesting .
set in russia , `` hearts in exile `` begins with a peaceful love triangle among charity workers , which becomes a tragic love rectangle with the addition of police chief nickolai .
he arranges for young 's husband to be unjustly imprisoned in a siberian work camp .
all of this happens because everyone is in love with clara kimball young .
the painful situation of our three leads begins to be relieved only after the play briefly becomes a love pentagon , as a woman becomes jealous over nickolai 's desire for young .
this narrative is sensationalism with convoluted turns common of old-fashioned soap operas .
there are too many lurking .
the acting is broad and theatrical , including young , and her role here is n't as interesting as hers was in `` trilby `` .
but , the acting does n't matter much when the camera is stationary , with few close-ups and lacking varied camera perspectives .
on the other hand , the film achieves a decent pacing cutting back and forth between the various plots .
there 's a couple near match cuts on the action between nickolai and serge , the husband , smoking .
additionally , there are so many melodramatics going on that it 's admittedly somewhat intriguing -- at least for those familiar with the genre .
( note : this is the first feature-length film i 've watched via download from the internet , and it 's an undesirable means of viewing a film due to the loss of picture quality .
unfortunately , the video from which the film was uploaded onto the web seems to be out-of-print .
i certainly prefer and recommend theatrical and home video viewing , but such options are n't always accessible .
)

-1
in czarist russia , attractive clara kimball young ( as hope aka anna ivanovna ) has `` consecrated her life to work among russia 's persecuted poor . ``
she dispenses food , medicine , and funds to the needy , from a busy charity headquarters .
poor doctor vernon steele ( as paul ) helps as much as he can , and wealthy merchant claude fleming ( as serge ) donates money .
both men are in love with ms. kimball young .
in fact , her `` pretty face `` attracts most men in russia .
another significant suitor is married count montagu love ( as nicolai ) , who does n't know how to take `` ! ``
for an answer ... although mr. fleming is a nice guy , kimball young loves mr. steele .
however , to help with her work for the poor , she marries the wealthier fleming .
unfortunately , both men are jailed as the revolution picks up steam .
as married fleming is sentenced to serve more time , steele decided to trade identities with his friend , to help kimball young and fleming remain together .
but , as fate would have it , a mix-up puts kimball young with steele in siberia .
since she 's still married to fleming , the two must resist their sexual urges .
then , one day they learn fleming has died .
as she is free from holy matrimony , the lovers call upon jesus christ to preside over a hasty wedding ceremony .
the couple is happy until `` you-know-who `` shows up alive ... the story concludes conveniently , as you might expect from seeing this plot play out both before and after this 1915 feature , with various settings .
`` hearts in exile `` was one of the last in the series of films kimball young made with actor-director and husband james young .
like much of what she did around the time , it was a success .
kimball young was , at this time , one of the most popular stars in hollywood .
`` hearts in exile `` was # 22 in motion picture magazine 's poll for the year ; kimball young emotes well , but readers preferred her performances in `` my official wife `` ( 1914 ) and `` trilby `` ( 1915 ) .
**** hearts in exile ( ) james young ~ clara kimball young , vernon steele , claude fleming , montagu love

-1
mabel normand and fatty arbuckle play one married couple , minta durfee and harry gribbon play the other in which both husbands are caught `` fooling `` with the maid .
the reason i put the word `` fooling `` in parentheses is because the husbands are basically just sitting close to their servants and talking and playing with each other though that 's enough for the wives to get suspicious .
as both couples later go to the park to relax on benches where `` no spooning `` signs pop up , fatty goes to harry 's wife and walks with her while harry goes to mabel where she 's is sitting .
police up on trees with binoculars catch arbuckle and durfee and arrest them .
mabel and harry later pick their spouses up and go their separate ways before any more trouble stirs up ... there must have been some morals law if the police are arresting adulterous couples in this short film !
some amusing slapstick pieces and facial reactions abound but it 's not that funny to me .
worth a look for silent comedy buffs who are fans of arbuckle , normand , or both .

-1
a night in the show starts off with a stunt that is less than characteristic for a chaplin film , because it 's just not very imaginative .
charlie cuts in line to get into a show , and is told by the guard to get to the end of the line and wait his turn .
so he calmly agrees to do it , but then he goes out and stands behind a statue while everyone else files away .
why did he do this ?
is he supposed to be drunk or something ?
his antics within the auditorium seem to indicate that he is , as he staggeringly wiggles his way down a couple of crowded aisles , lights a match off of a bald man 's head , and throws his match into a nearby tuba , and claps at all the wrong times .
these are the kinds of things that chaplin is so well-known for , these situations where he seems to upset everyone around him without even really realizing that he 's doing anything wrong .
of course , it 's not always his fault , as in this case , he is led to the wrong seat , causing him to make his way down these crowded aisles repeatedly , upsetting more people every time .
the film begins to delve into simplistic but hilarious violence as charlie ultimately proceeds to belligerently punch everyone in sight with his characteristic roundhouse punches , bringing the whole house to their feet and having to be forcefully removed .
he is seated in another section while the conductor of the band in the show ( the first person he attacked ) puts himself and his equipment back together in an effort to begin the rest of the show .
there is an element of foreshadowing in the film as we witness another person who is not unruly , but who is a little unstable on his feet and who resembles the tramp far too much to be anything but a person who is going to cause some trouble at some point in the film , with the expected result that everyone will take him as the tramp and charlie will take the blame for whatever he does .
this guy turns out to be a mildly amusing character as he cheerfully dumps a beer from the balcony onto the audience below , where the tramp , fresh from shoving a fat lady into a tub of water , is flirting with a flapper girl who he caught eyeing him from across the room .
not exactly the best stuff from chaplin , but one of the funniest scenes in the film is the one in which the tramp goes to hold the girl 's hand and winds up holding the hand of her beefy date , fluttering his eyelids at her all the while , completely oblivious .
he moves again when he discovers his plunder , only to begin getting himself in trouble yet again .
he ultimately manages to get himself into a fight right on the stage where the show is taking place , only to be moved yet again .
charlie seems to be more vexed than usual with people in general in this film , which is understandable near the end when he gets seated next to a horribly aggravating fat kid , as the movie is reduced to a food fight , and the show gets the biggest applause after charlie has gone on stage to put a pie in the face of the guy singing .
it 's pretty clear that charlie is making a comment with this film about the quality of the average stage production in 1915 , because all of the acts in the film are pretty bad .
no wonder the tramp 's upset for so much of the film .
as is pretty traditional with these early chaplin short films , a night in the show does not end with much of a conclusion , but rather with another comedy skit , the grand finale , if you will .
this is by far the funniest scene in the film , in which the tramp look-alike in the balcony takes a fire hose and proceeds to hose down everyone in the auditorium .
what a great scene !
there are some truly great laughs in that scene , although i remain unsure about why there was a fire hose in the middle of an auditorium .
i 'm sure i just do n't know enough about the fire standards of 1915 , but regardless of why it 's there , it makes a great prop for the film .
a night in the show is definitely not one of the best or most memorable of chaplin 's early films , but the quality is there and it is , as they all are , a cinematic curiosity piece in that it was made by one of the greatest filmmakers in the history of the medium .

-1
`` stick around `` is one of the brief series of films that paired bobby ray with oliver ` babe ' hardy before hardy 's immortal teaming with stan laurel .
several critics have suggested that ray and hardy -- the gormless little man and the overbearing big man -- were a prototype for laurel and hardy , but that simply is n't true .
ray and hardy play off each other well , but really are n't a team ; in each of these films , ray has more footage and is clearly meant to be the hero , while hardy bullies him in a manner very much unlike his later `` ollie `` character 's treatment of `` stanley `` .
it 's very clear that the relationship between little bobby and big babe was inspired by earlier chaplin films , in which the little tramp was bullied by huge mack swain or burly eric campbell .
however , in `` stick around `` , hardy sports a bowler hat that 's identical to his later `` ollie `` ( although with a fuller moustache ) , and he and bobby -- after spending most of this movie as adversaries -- end up as drunken comrades .
bobby is a for the firm of and blatz , with hardy as his boss .
when the tardy bobby tries to pretend he showed up promptly , there 's some clever physical business between the two men that reminds me of a routine performed by roscoe arbuckle and buster keaton in ` the garage ' .
a bit later , bobby ray -- whose brief acting career never firmly developed a screen persona -- performs an `` impossible `` gag that would have been inappropriate for stan laurel , when he pulls a long stepladder out of a much smaller .
the go to work in a sanitarium , and there are the usual unrealistic depictions of mental illness : one resident insists on sitting on a piece of toast because he thinks he 's a poached egg !
there are also some howlingly racist ( and tastelessly unfunny ) gags involving a black man who obligingly lets the inmates crack open walnuts on top of his head .
when he sees a * picture * of a lion -- not even a photograph , mind you -- he goes all cowardly as if it were an actual wild animal .
`` stick around `` is fairly dire .
most of the pantomime and acting is much broader than it needs to be for a slapstick comedy ; even hardy , already a very subtle actor by 1925 , badly with his over-acting here .
there are several bad examples of .
i was impressed with one unusual camera set-up , when a fat pedestrian 's face is dirtied and we see a close-up of his reflection in a hand mirror , rather than his actual face .
spoilers coming .
during their brief pairing , hardy typically played ray 's boss or adversary or both ; here , for once , they end up as pals .
it 's a nice ending , but it does n't make up for what 's really a poor film .
my rating for this one is only 4 out of 10 .

-1
the specs for this film in the imdb credits state that there are 24 and 12 minute versions , and one of the reviewers here comments on scenes i did n't see , so i have to limit my remarks to the shorter of the two .
i 've seen bobby ray in another short with ` babe ' hardy , and his resemblance to stan laurel is rather uncanny .
however the chemistry just is n't there between ray and hardy and one need n't wonder why this particular duo did n't go very far .
however the picture itself crams a lot of slapstick into it 's brief run time , and though i 'm not that much of an early film short buff , this one has to be one of the first , if not the first to make effective use of all those ladder and paint bucket pratfalls that comedy teams from laurel and hardy on down would get so much mileage out of .
even though many of these films are n't very good from a story telling or cinematic perspective , they 're still worth catching for brief insights into the early days of film making and how early comedians came to develop their craft .

-1
this is carl laemmle 's color tinted two hour and twenty minute universal production of jules verne 's classic .
if you thought laemmle 's versions of ` dracula ' ( 1931 ) and ` frankenstein ' ( 1921 ) did n't follow the novels they came from , you 'll throw up your hands here .
however , it is the first film to show extensive real underwater photography ( shot in the bahamas ) , with the actually battling live sharks .
for these sequences alone , it is a must see .
how they must have amazed movie patrons back in 1916 !
( they still amaze .
) the story of captain nemo 's tortured sorrowful soul , saddened by mankind 's cruelty , and verne 's masterful prose visualization of the wonders of the oceans have been mostly thrown out in favor of a jungle girl 's island rescue story , with her as nemo 's long lost daughter , and he himself an indian prince !
talk about rewriting the book , before this last revelation there is an intertitle , `` captain nemo reveals the tragic secret of his life , which jules verne never told . ``
there are many intertitles referring to the `` mysterious island , `` but it 's doubtful that all of this jungle story material is from verne 's book of the same name .
of course , this is not the worst revision of a classic story .
though dozens have been made , the worst has to be disney 's ` the little mermaid ' ( 1989 ) who does n't die at the end , but marries the prince and lives happily ever after instead .
nemo , with his square beard and santa claus outfit looks like those old early twentieth drawings of ` father christmas . '
professor and ned land are cast to the side as peripheral characters .
although there is often some quick cutting , the camera hardly ever moves , as if a play is being photographed , and there are almost no close ups or medium shots .
the acting is little more than the clichã©d , broad , exaggerated gesturing so common to the earliest era of film making ( .
) griffith began toning it down with ` intolerance ' in 1916 , but mae marsh in ` the battle of elderbush gulch ' ( 1914 ) is the equal of jane gail here for flighty , jumping and prancing around .
there were films that had more creative camera-work during this decade than the deadly , static cinematography here by eugene gaudio ; besides the work of d.w. griffith in ` the birth of a nation ' ( 1915 ) and ` intolerance ' ( 1916 ) there was the italian film ` cabiria ' ( 1915 ) and some of the chaplin shorts .
the real high point of the film , of course , is the spectacular underwater photography by and ernest williamson , who are not only given specific mention in the opening credits , but also are shown in live action tipping their hats to the audience .
all their scenes are the highlights of the film .
at last a moving camera !
finally , this expanded new print ( others were as short as 81 minutes ) has a wonderful musical score by brian benison done in 1991 .
he wrote new scores for stan laurel 's great ` oranges and lemons ' ( 1925 ) as well as douglas fairbanks ' ` the three musketeers ' ( 1921 ) .
the underwater photography gets a 10 , but the rest is too , so i have to give the movie a four and half .

-1
the print i saw of this film in italian states duse was 60 when she made it but in truth she was 56 .
she resembles peggy wood 's character of mama in the televised i remember mama - that is , what we can see of her face - there are no close-ups and only a few medium shots .
she registers only suffering in this very spare and taut film .
see the summary for the story line .
there seems to be resentment in the young man that his mother gave him up and indeed that she grew old in the interim .
motivations for his character seem muddled at best .
she was the rival of sarah bernhardt - sarah with her grand , dramatic and romantic gesturing and duse with her spare , tight controlled use of body and modulated voice .
she is very controlled here - her movements are slow and deliberate , her expressions natural , her use of her hands and arms very expressive .
it is a brief shadow but it is all the record we have of one of the great actresses of all time .

-1
only a fragment is available on dvd - 9 minutes worth of a badly decomposing reel .
this features norma as the wife of an artist , who when frustrated , resorts to heroin to calm her nerves .
she recommends it for her uptight husband , played by tully marshall .
soon he is addicted , hallucinating and forcing himself upon her with the needle to induce a mutual experience ( she protests as it is only a recreational drug for her ) .
he runs off in a state of madness .
a complete print exists at the library of congress - 35 mm - 5 reels .
original running time is 59 minutes .
more information about this and all films of norma talmadge , both extant and lost , can be found online at stanford university 's greta web site , devoted to norma .

-1
henry king ( as bob daley ) and marguerite nichols ( as sylvia sanford ) are engaged ; to celebrate , mr. king goes out drinking with the boys .
meanwhile , `` baby `` marie osborne ( as `` little `` mary ) sits with her ailing ( or abused ) mother mollie mcconnell .
she gets ms. mcconnell a drink , and plays with her doll .
king continues to drink ; so much so , he is late for a theater date with ms. nichols .
then , mary 's father stumbles home , obviously drunk , and fights with his wife .
king finally arrives for his date , stumbling drunk ; furious , nichols ends their engagement , and throws him out .
elsewhere , osborne runs away from home ; her mother has died .
so that she can get to heaven faster , and see her mother again , `` little mary `` stows away in a fast car ; there , she meets the despondent king .
has providence provided king 's life with meaning ?
this `` sunbeam `` was a cute draw for viewers ; so , king starred in several more films with `` baby `` marie osborne .
king was more renown as a director ; and , marguerite nichols was , arguably , more renown as mrs. hal roach .
the early 1900s cars are very cool .
the adults are more interesting viewing than the little girl -- her antics with a live bear are unsettling .
still , `` mr. bear `` always appears gentle on screen , even when chasing `` baby `` marie , after she gives him a bath , thanks to providence , no doubt .
**** little mary sunshine ( ) henry king ~ marie osborne , henry king , marguerite nichols

-1
douglas fairbanks ( as coke ennyday ) is the world 's greatest scientific detective .
a comic `` sherlock holmes `` , mr. fairbanks regulates his day with a special clock - with hands for `` sleep , `` `` eat , `` `` dope , `` and `` drink . ``
obviously , given the name `` coke ennyday `` , doping is his preferred activity , and cocaine his drug of choice .
police chief tom wilson ( as i.m . keene ) implores fairbanks to investigate suspected opium smuggler a.d. sears .
along the way , he meets bessie love ( her real name ) .
alma rubens and charles stevens lend their support .
all this , and written by d.w. griffith and tod browning !
due to its subject matter , `` the mystery of the leaping fish `` has been elevated far above its worth .
it is , nevertheless , fun .
as the dope fiendish detective , douglas fairbanks hits the spot .
**** the mystery of the leaping fish ( ) john emerson ~ douglas fairbanks , bessie love , allan sears

-1
as the title says .
to a , it 's difficult to decide whether one should loathe or embrace triple trouble ; not only so due to the film 's inconsistent qualities , but because its very right to exist in the first place can be debated , if not legally then at least from an ethical standpoint .
when the essanay film company released this two-reeler in the summer of 1918 , being on the verge of bankruptcy , chaplin had in fact abandoned the company two years ago .
in the meantime , he had developed remarkably as a film-maker through his twelve short films for the mutual company , and had behind him his first effort at first national , a dog 's life .
the somewhat crude humor that had coined several of his were now tuned down for the sake of a more character-driven , human and slightly poetic approach .
it can be assumed that chaplin , possibly even more so than his audiences , was very conscious of this development and felt little need to be associated with his earlier work .
however , the was still very much an active phenomenon by the end of the first world war , and essanay would not let a chance to make an additional buck of it pass them by , even though chaplin on his part considered them a closed chapter .
they churned out triple trouble , a two-reel film assembled partly from outtakes that had been left by chaplin at the studio while he was still working there , as well as footage by leo white , who once had played the frequent `` role `` in chaplin 's films .
the result is by and large a mess , and was received unfavorably by critics even at the time .
whereas chaplin had always , even in his earliest and crudest films , gone for simple and relatively down-to-earth plots , triple trouble serves a story more reminiscent of the crazy antics of contemporary comedy team ham and bud .
inventor colonel nutt has invented a new brand of explosives , which a foreign agent is eager to get his hands on ; unsuccessful in his request for the formula , he puts some bandits on the case .
a rather incoherent chase develops , and that 's your story ; somewhere in the middle of this , charlie is thrown in as a janitor , and appears in a few scenes with hard-working woman edna purviance and at a flop-house .
so we do n't have much of a good film , that 's for sure , and chaplin had every right to be infuriated .
still fresh on his mind was essanay 's contamination of his burlesque on carmen upon his departure , and now they had even hired another director to fill in the gaps of a film that was supposed to be his but which he never approved of in the first place !
there was nothing he could do about the situation , as he did not yet legally own his films while working at the company .
still , i must admit , as a die-hard fan of chaplin , that i somehow , somewhere in a forbidden spot in my heart , am grateful that the film saw the light of day .
essanay closed shop shortly after the film 's release , and as chaplin is unlikely to have been interested in any outtakes he 'd made years before , the few scenes with him in triple trouble would in all probability have been lost forever without this project .
i suppose one would have survived anyhow , but surely there are some memorable moments to be found ; i love it , for instance , when the tramp first forces an ' fellow to sleep by brutally knocking him down with a hammer , only to finally kiss him gently on the head .
the origin of the in triple trouble has been subject to much debate in itself .
it seems to be widely accepted that the material was shot by chaplin as part of an intended full-length film entitled life , which was abandoned due to the constant demand for new .
however , personally i believe this theory has been granted more acceptance than it is probably worthy of .
it seems to be correct that essanay announced at one point that chaplin did intend to make a full-length film by said title , but as far as i know there is no evidence to be found whatsoever that he actually shot anything .
yet another theory speculates that the footage used in triple trouble consists of outtakes from chaplin 's last `` official `` police , but again , there is little if any concrete proof to be found that may back this up .

-1
chaplin 's final two shorts for essanay before leaving for mutual in 1916 were fraught with problems .
the previous year 's `` burlesque on carmen `` was given an extra two reels with extraneous footage , while chaplin 's likable `` police `` ( a reworking of the story from `` his regeneration `` ) was heavily edited by the company .
unused footage from `` police `` was then later combined with discarded scenes from `` work `` and the uncompleted `` life `` to make this final short for essanay - without chaplin 's consent or involvement - and released in 1918 .
as might be expected from such a patchwork genesis , then it is n't terribly good and chaplin 's appearances in the film only amount to around half the runtime .
while the clips involving chaplin are often quite appealing , there 's little or no narrative cohesion linking them , and later restorations of `` police `` and `` work `` restoring scenes used in this short make a further nonsense of its plot framework .
chaplin himself slated this extension , observing in his autobiography that it `` prostrated me and sent me to bed for two days . ``
this said , the quality of the essanay output is such that differences between triple trouble and the rest of the 1915 output is n't often that marked .
yet with clearly different actors reprising the roles from the scenes with chaplin , and chaplin 's character being one of his most dislikeable takes ( including flicking ash into a man 's mouth and smashing a bottle over his head ) then it is n't one with a great deal of appeal .
like much of the period , worthwhile for historical interest only .

-1
there are some impressive names involved in this 1917 lasky production that so distorts the early history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints that you would think that it was one of author zane grey 's early western tales that depicted the mormons as villains .
come to think of it there were a couple of grey 's anti-mormon novels made into movies around this time : riders of the purple sage and its sequel , the rainbow trail ( by william fox in 1918 ) .
the male lead of a morman maid is played by future academy award director frank borzage ( he won the first year of the oscars for 7th heaven and a second oscar for his directing of the sound bad girl four years later ) .
borzage was born and raised in salt lake city among the mormons -- he plays the role of a mormon boy who is not aware of the evil practices of his faith until he has to rescue his girl from the clutches of a forced marriage .
and this film was photographed by the great cinematographer charles rosher ( oscar winner for sunrise -lsb- 1927 -rsb- and the yearling -lsb- 1946 -rsb- ) .
as to the supposed star of the film , mae murray , she gives a terrible impression of a mary pickford !
interesting today only as an example of how motion pictures are often used to present fabrication as being the truth !
like the later british film trapped by the mormons ( 1922 ) , a mormon maid is fascinating today as one of the few anti-mormon films to survive .

-1
this film , a world war i propaganda film , was filmed at the world ( brady ) studios in fort lee , new jersey .
an american doctor ( carlyle blackwell ) is visiting germany when the germany army conscripts all soldiers to go to war .
he travels to belgium , a country the germany has invaded .
there he meets a belgian girl ( gail kane ) who poses as his wife .
she is a belgian spy and has stolen the german attack plans .
they are captured bye the german army , but try to make a harrowing escape .
the first ridiculous plot point was that the german 's knew that their plans had been compromised by the woman spy , yet it was still vitally important that she get them to the allied army anyway , even though it took her several days to sneak them out of the country .
the germans could have easily changed their plans in the days after their theft .
an even more stupid plot device had a german officer letting the woman spy go after he discovers that she is the supposed wife of the doctor , who is shown saving the officer from drowning in a flashback .
at least the huns were not shown killing babies or raping belgian women , like in some propaganda films .

-1
considering that this film was directed by the famed german director , ernst lubitsch , starred the great emil jannings and it 's title talks about mummies , i was certain that i would love this film -- especially since i love silent films .
however , in this dreary film , you see none of the famed `` lubitsch touch `` , jannings is just okay , the film is not about mummies at all and the print from alpha video was so fuzzy that it was a chore to watch the thing !
the film is set in egypt , though you really do n't see any mummies .
instead , it 's an odd tale about a weirdo ( jannings ) who has kidnapped a lady ( pola negri ) and has kept her locked inside a temple .
when she 's rescued by a brit , he 's smitten with her and takes her back to the uk to live with him .
she is worried , though , that the crazed jannings will follow her and exact revenge .
no mummies , no curse and not a whole lot of action or excitement .
i wonder .
with a different title and different people responsible for the film , i would have had lower expectations and therefore liked the movie more .
but , as it was , it was a huge disappointment in practically every way .
ps -- i 've seen quite a few films from alpha video .
while some of their offerings are rare and hard to find , their dvds are rather consistently of dubious quality and are rarely , if ever , restored .
they are inexpensive , but they 're also no bargain thanks to fuzzy or scratchy prints .
if you can find other brands , you may want to try them first .

-1
norma talmadge deserved credit just for attempting her difficult part in this film , `` the forbidden city `` .
in it , she plays dual roles : a chinese woman san san and , then , her own biracial daughter , toy .
near the end , she even plays the daughter dressing and pretending to be her mother !
the earlier part as san san is certainly the more challenging , as talmadge is required to attempt to look chinese ; for the half-chinese daughter , they forgo trying to disguise any of her caucasian appearance .
acting a character of another race is always problematic and potentially offensive ( and was n't the only one to do so in this film ) , but , perhaps , has been appealing to actors for the challenge .
unfortunately , i think talmadge as san san does n't fair well in comparison to better similar trials , such as richard barthelmess 's sensitive chinaman in `` broken blossoms `` ( 1919 ) .
moreover , much of the film is offensive yellow peril tripe .
in `` the forbidden city `` , china is an exotic land full of pleasure gardens and evil men , with the exception of the one who rescues the daughter , i guess .
as with so many other similar movies , miscegenation is treated as a curiosity .
there are goofy intertitles such as `` oh , buddha , please send here to give me million sweet kisses . ``
why this film 's writers imitate chinese people speaking broken english while in their native country is beyond me .
additionally , this picture is otherwise a rather unappealingly sensational melodrama with a dragging pace despite lasting little more than an hour .
the baby daughter almost appears out of nowhere , as a surprise , since sex and pregnancy are until that scene not fully acknowledged .
from there , the picture contains a few more such sensational shocks .
on the other hand , `` the forbidden city `` displays good production values , with opulent set designs and , even , titling that 's more artsy than usual for before the 1920s .
talmadge may not be as well known today as other silent film stars , but she was a major star during the silent era , as this expensive production indicates .
hopefully , with the upcoming kino release , that situation will change .
for me , having now seen five of talmadge 's early features , i have an appetite for more of her work , despite this part having been too much of a stretch and the film , overall , unsatisfactory .
to view talmadge , as of now , i recommend the more comedic `` the social secretary `` ( 1916 ) or , for melodrama , `` the safety curtain `` ( 1918 ) .

-1
gloria swanson ( as marcia grey ) is a struggling artist who paints due more to `` youthful unrest than from the call of talent . ``
not surprisingly , she is unable to make ends meet .
when landlord harvey clark ( as von holt or henry holt ) comes for the rent , ms. swanson pleads for a few more days .
mr. clark makes an alternative offer ; he wants sex for rent , but swanson refuses .
during a struggle , clark drops his wallet .
later , clark returns with the police , and frames swanson .
years later , swanson has happily married wealthy joe king ( as john stanford ) , who has secretly loved her since her tenement dwelling days .
then , clark returns in a different guise , and threatens to reveal swanson 's notorious past .
swanson , in her `` triangle `` period , shows the star quality which would make her one of the biggest stars of the 1920s ; she is definitely ready for director cecil b. demille .
`` shifting sands `` has , over the years , been on some shifting sands of its own .
it was reissued as swanson 's star took off , but with new intertitles .
a change from flashback framing to linear storytelling makes sense , given the photoplay available .
swanson 's character was sent to jail for prostitution , rather than theft , originally .
this would make the blackmail attempt more believable , albeit spoiled by the ending .
harvey clark 's roles are unclear .
probably improved upon , but confusing in any case .
**** shifting sands ( ) albert parker ~ gloria swanson , joseph king , harvey clark

-1
i admit this is a slow movie but it is extremly interesting to people that enjoy gloria swanson movies .
it 's interesting to see her `` `` and see her acting varies little from her latter work .
i.e . queen kelly , of anatol , sunset blvd . .
also , it 's intersting to note that people enjoyed gloria appeal in this movie it 's .
sort of mary without the little girl get ups that rocketed her to fame .
admittedly i agree with other reviewers , this is a film for die hard swanson fans .

-1
* spoilers * i found the cabinet of dr caligari extremely interesting but virtually void of any entertainment value .
i love watching movies that were made before world war 2 because i like seeing how they made films back then and also the acting .
this did n't disappoint in that area but i found it really boring at times and hard to watch .
it took all my powers of staying awake to erm ah er stay awake !
thank god it was only on for 51 minutes even though it seemed like 2 hours !
the story is about a guy telling this other guy about why his girlfriend walks around like a ghost or something like that .
he tells this guy about this other guy called dr caligari who has a sideshow with this other guy called cesare with black eye make-up who sleeps a lot and can tell the future .
he tells people they 're going to die and then goes and kills them .
uh huh genius stuff going on here .
i 'll skip to the end .
this guy telling the story is a patient at a mental institution and so is the guy listening and so is the doped up woman .
if i interpret it right the story he was telling was all in his mind and took characters from real life and incorporated them in to his fantasy .
and dr caligari is the head of this institution .
it was kind of clever but at the end the dr says `` i know how to cure him now `` and then it just ends .
i was thinking `` well i 'm glad it 's finished but how does he know how to cure the guy ? ``
.
the ending is the best thing about this movie even though it was quite abrupt and it was still very interesting to watch .
4/10

-1
well , well ... even if you 're a fervent admirer of lang 's silent films , this early one - the first part of a two-part unfinished four-part serial ( !
) - will leave you in doubt about fritz 's narrative skills .
( his directorial skills are n't that evident either , but here and there one senses his talent for building up atmosphere .
) the pic 's just pure juvenile nonsense , which would n't be half as bad , were it not for the long ponderous stretches in between the childish action scenes .
but the whole affair almost gets by on its amiable innocence .
4 out of 10 inca treasures

-1
carl theodor dreyer is the greatest filmmaker to come out of denmark , but not here .
this was early in his career , so i suppose it 's excusable .
dreyer connects four stories from christ to modern times just as d.w. griffith did in `` intolerance `` ( 1916 ) , which obviously was the inspiration for this film .
story-wise , the four periods are more connected in this film , with satan binding them ; there 's only the theme of intolerance throughout the ages and all that for `` intolerance `` .
it 's the radical editing in `` intolerance `` , however , that links its periods on much higher levels , ending in an exciting , emotional and astonishing climax .
dreyer does n't get enough sympathy out of satan to make up for that .
the cinematography and film-making here are what one might expect from the era -- prosaic , indeed .
there are a few close-ups and some panning for practical purposes .
a few shots were okay ( a shot a la leonardo da vinci 's the last supper , a silhouette of a guillotine , pov shots out a window , some of the dolly movements inside ) , but most of it 's basic -- boring by today 's standards .
there 's lots of masking , which griffith and bitzer are well known for , with opening iris shots and such , but there 's probably too much of that here , and it 's certainly not enough to make the film visually appealing .
satan doomed to continue his evil deeds during the life of christ , the spanish inquisition , the french revolution and the russian occupation of finland just is n't interesting enough of a story by itself to make the two hours worth it .

-1
as melodrama the saphead is competent .
it 's surprising that keaton was cast in it as he gets hardly any opportunity for inserting gags .
it 's almost a case of miscasting .
this metro 78 minute feature contains only a few inspired moments : the cast appearing before the film in cameo silhouettes which come to life ; buster meeting the wrong train ; buster failing to get arrested despite many attempts during a gambling raid ; and his final acrobatic leaps , slides , runs on the floor of the new york stock exchange .
the kino video print is in pristine condition - sharp and without flaws .
it is tinted and features a full orchestral score .
the only value the film has is for die hard keaton fans - and kino 's copy features two of his best shorts to guarantee the sale - the high sign and one week .

-1
i expected this buster keaton short be very funny , just imagining his comedy and a haunted house scenario .
however , it really is n't a haunted house story and the fun does n't really start until about halfway through this film .
until them , we get a long gag scene with buster as a bank teller and getting glue all over many of the dollar bills .
it 's so-so humor and not what we are waiting for - some haunted house fun .
the real fun part of the film is only the last five minutes and , frankly , i 've seen funnier spooky stuff from the three stooges .
the best `` bit `` of the entire movie might be the dream sequence in the final minute where buster climbs his `` stairway to heaven . ``

-1
douglas fairbanks so embodied the ideal young american male of his day : honest , gallant , athletic , charming , and perhaps anti-intellectual .
ideas did n't propel him in the movies ( though he 's a clever inventor in this one ) , action did .
in this transitional silent feature , he still has the identity that made him a star in the 1910s , but he 's doing more stunts and working his way toward the action-hero persona that propelled him through the 1920s .
the trouble here is , in the title role , he really is a nut -- callous and deceptive toward his girlfriend , impractical in all things , and incapable of learning anything .
the villain , william lowery , is a good one , a handsome charmer whose perfidy is convincing , and there are also glimpses of united artists allies charlie chaplin and mary pickford in a party sequence .
but , as another poster notes , it 's never certain whether it 's an actioner or a comedy , and fairbanks does n't even look his best .
and i know we have to suspend a lot of disbelief with these silent comedies , but i 'm surprised to learn from this film that 1 ) wax dummies can persuasively impersonate real human beings for extended periods , 2 ) cops can arrest you with no evidence , and 3 ) all it takes to be married is a judge , never mind the license or blood test .

-1
what is a sky pilot ?
that 's a nickname for a preacher .
john bowers stars as a missionary to a rural area filled with rough cowboys who mock religion .
he has trouble converting the area , aside from one friend and a beautiful girl ( colleen moore ) that he falls in love with .
for the most part , nothing much happens in this film .
it is short , but hardly sweet .
there is a lot of time spent waiting for the characters to do something .
the romantic relationship is hardly developed , and the real attraction to this movie , moore , is barely in the movie .
if you like westerns or early , somewhat primitive films , this one is for you .
if you 're a moore collector , grab this one , but do n't stress over it .
it probably will never be a favorite .

-1
heavy-handed but well-mounted , this early king vidor film would have us believe that all that is needed to bring christianity to cattle rustlers is to win their respect .
vidor mixes sentimentality and excitement a little ham-handedly , as when colleen moore regains the use of her legs so she can drag the unconscious john bowers from the burning church .
on the other hand , some of the scenes -- as when john bowers stands off a herd of stampeding cattle so they wo n't trample the obvious dummy standing in for colleen moore stand up very well .
david butler , later to be a major director of musical comedies , has the second lead and miss moore never looked lovelier .

-1
this starts out with sherlock holmes ( john barrymore ) and dr. watson ( roland young ) as very old looking college students .
they help prince alexis ( reginald denny ) foil a plot against him by the sinister dr. moriarty ( gustav von seyffertitz ) .
they cut to years later when holmes is a world famous detective and watson is married and a successful doctor .
moriarty again comes into holmes ' life when he threatens prince alexis with incriminating love letters !
that 's right -- holmes on a case to get some stupid love letters !
arthur conan doyle must have been spinning in his grave when this came out !
there are so many things wrong with this it 's unbelievable .
first off barrymore is terrible as holmes .
he walks through the role and shows none of the deductive powers that basil rathbone did so effortlessly .
also he was 40 when he did this -- and looks it .
watson is barely in this one -- he adds almost nothing to the story line .
moriarty looks hysterically evil .
he looks like something out of a charles dickens ' novel !
not even close to the suave moriarty we all know and hate .
the case here is , as stated before , so ridiculous it 's insulting .
even worse holmes is given a love interest ! ! !
that 's totally against any of the books or the character !
historically this is important as ( i believe ) the first full length holmes picture and i 'm glad it 's available .
sadly , as is sometimes the case , it does n't live up to its reputation .
if you 're a holmes fan like me stay far far away from this one !

-1
specks of white and various shapes , a beautiful nude , random images .
that is what this little experimental short film is .
it 's kind of interesting to think how in the early days of film such images could be transferred onto film , but despite my love of a lot of surreal images and films , and a fascination with the bizarre , this film just did n't do it for me .
i 'm not sorry i watched it , but if there is any underlying meaning in it , i do n't get it .
visually , it is not that outstanding , in my humble opinion .
as an example of dadaism , i suppose it would fit in quite well , since it seems to reject any semblance of logic or reason , though i would have preferred that it do it in a more visually interesting way .
but to each his own .

-1
when i reviewed `` the ten commandments `` ( 1956 ) , i received a lot of ` not helpful ' ratings .
i assume this is because , unlike the average review , i did not particularly like the film and said so .
once again , i buck the crowd as i definitely did not like this previous version as well .
in the case of both films , i seriously wonder whether or not the movies actually were a boon to atheists because the films were so incredibly bad -- even with the incredible egyptian sets .
unlike the more famous 1956 version , only the first 56 minutes of the film are about the jews and the creation of the commandments .
the biggest differences you 'll notice is that moses is a very superficial character -- and has very little to do in most of the film .
in addition , the children of israel actually leave egypt about 20-25 minutes into the film -- and it 's a 136 minute film .
the rest of the film is actually set in the present day ( 1923 ) and is a very , very heavy-handed morality tale with absolutely no hint of subtlety -- none .
it comes on so strong and heavy-handed that i am sure many will laugh at its histrionics and silly plot .
so what is to like about this film .
well , first and foremost , the dvd copy is perhaps the most pristine i have ever seen in a silent film -- it 's very , very crisp and clean .
and , the egyptian sets ( as i mentioned above ) are very nice .
apart from that , the rest is just pretty silly .
the famed parting of the red sea looked like melty jello .
and , imagine my surprise when i later read on imdb that 's really all it was ! ! !
and , as for the story it was bad in two serious ways .
first , the creation of the commandments section was just too superficial and dispassionate -- like the folks are acting out some half-baked passion play -- where they really are n't too concerned with quality -- just getting the stupid thing done !
second , the modern portion is much worse with it 's message that comes across with all the subtlety of a 2x4 upside your skull ! !
as a result , unless you are a die-hard silent film fan or an atheist who hates god , do n't bother with this silly film .
why cecil b. demille has somehow been considered a genius for his ( anti- ) religious epics , i have no idea !
by the way a few final thoughts .
first , despite both of demille 's films saying to the contrary , archaeological evidence and written accounts of the day indicate the jews did not build the pyramids but professional builders .
second , why did the godly mother die in the film ? !
did n't this seem to reinforce the notion that god is not real ? !
talk about an illogically constructed religious message ! !
though , now that i think about it , illogic was demille 's forte -- with nudity and bestiality in his other ` religious ' epic `` sign of the cross `` ! !
and , though it was not a demille film , think about the original `` ben hur `` -- as in the end , jesus stayed dead ! ! !
what a whacked out message !
all very pre-code in their sensibilities and all claiming to be family religious entertainment !

-1
a selfish businessman has been consumed with the sins that will throw him to hell .
he allows his tenants in his ramshackle tenement houses suffer in unsafe living conditions with no remorse .
when a demon shows him what hell is like and offers him a chance to save his soul , the businessman is faced with a choice , but old habits die hard .
although dante 's inferno has some great visuals , the story lacks , and therefore makes this curiosity quite disappointing .
this was one of the most exciting names on the list for cinevent 41 , and i was underwhelmed by it .
the red tinting and the writhing bodies are powerful at first sight , but the narration dwells too much on the details of each level of hell .
maybe this is uninteresting to modern audiences who have been saturated with so many different varieties of what hell might be like that we 're numb to the older renditions .
whatever the reason , it is not effective .
it is worthwhile to note that the black characters are played by white men in black-face .
this choice is more startling today than it must have been when the film was originally released , but it serves as a reminder of the change in the times .
this film intertwines the imagery from dante 's famous story and a modern morality tale that plays off of the depictions of hell .
cecil b. demille perfected this combination in the ten commandments a year earlier .
in comparison , dante 's inferno falls flat .

-1
renoir this picture may be , but it 's no masterpiece ; indeed , it 's not particularly good .
the story gives the impression of having been cut down from a sprawling melodrama and crammed into too small a space , with events occurring in implausible and ultimately tedious sequence : the film is only about seven reels , but felt considerably longer to sit through by the end .
there is no character development to speak of , the various individuals concerned being one-dimensional cardboard figures who pop in and out of the plot as convenient , and the leading lady is neither convincing as an adolescent nor , apparently , much of an actress .
the male roles are fairly well-played within the limitations and stereotyping of the script , but catherine hessling all too often gives the impression of simply striking poses and painting on expressions to order .
the dislocated and arbitrary nature of the calamities that befall her verges at times on the bathetic , since practically no prefiguring takes place .
if a man falls overboard , or a quarry opens up suddenly underneath her , or a family abruptly up sticks and move abroad lock , stock and barrel , then it is purely for the convenience of the plot .
as others have commented , the most memorable sequence is that of the nightmare where she finds herself surreally beset by villains from earlier episodes ; this experimentation was presumably where the director 's heart lay .
a little of this , however , goes a long way .
all in all , the film is n't even bad enough to be good .
an actress of mary pickford 's calibre might perhaps have pulled some successful emotional impact out of the plot , but failing any particular interest or sympathy for the central character ( it 's hard not to share la 's impatience as she proves such a shrinking liability in her first poaching lesson ) i felt this picture had little to offer .
it tries for low humour ; it tries for high drama ; it tries for romance .
it does n't achieve a terribly impressive level in any of them .

-1
spitfire mae murray ( as renã©e ) troubles her father by following in the ways of her ancestral feminine side - she 's a reckless spirit who must be constrained .
despite being kept under close watch , ms. murray manages time for bull-fighting with kindred spirit cousin johnny arthur ( as carlos ) , and sneaks out to dance wildly at a fiesta .
while out partying , murray attracts the attention of monte blue ( as jerry aka owen ) .
meanwhile , fearsome robert ( as joao aka manuel ) tries to get control of murray 's ranch , by shooting her father .
then , revolutionary forces conspire to commit murray to an asylum , and steal her estate .
this silent film could be confusing to many modern viewers .
it 's an historical epic fashioned for star mae murray , by her director husband robert z. leonard and their `` tiffany `` production company .
those who labeled it a `` `` were probably bewildered by the opening segments ( with abraham lincoln and napoleon ) , and lost interest after murray 's comic bull-fighting and fiesta segments .
to make matters worse , there are different versions of `` mademoiselle midnight `` - with `` renã©e `` sporting last names `` `` , `` `` , and `` `` - depending on the print you see , translation and editing could be a problem .
and , it 's only a fair film .
**** mademoiselle midnight ( ) robert z. leonard ~ mae murray , monte blue , johnny arthur , robert

-1
sadly , i found that this film seriously outstayed its interest ; it starts off well with an intriguing concept , that of the lone survivor in a mysteriously abandoned city , and develops this into a commentary on the worthlessness of money and valuables in unlimited supply , compared to the real necessities of life .
the handful of survivors who find each other become bored of their effortless scroungers ' existence and start quarrelling among themselves -- saved only by the arrival of the long-awaited signal from the outside world .
thus far , thus john wyndham ( there are strong parallels here with the novel `` the day of the triffids `` ) .
this silent film is somewhat heavy on its use of intertitles ( which do inevitably suffer in translation ) , is not especially distinguished in its acting and as a comedy not particularly funny .
but , having explained away preceding events by invoking a mad professor and then wound up his story by an ` and then they all went back to their previous lives ' scene , the film-maker then commits the cardinal error of pressing the reset button -- or in this case , throwing the switch yet again .
and again .
we get a whole new segment of story driven by the financial travails of only two of the previous five characters , who ca n't face being poor after having had the whole city to glean from and decide to freeze everybody again so that they can rob them .
only the professor notices , so he reverses the switch yet again ... demonstrates to his disbelieving colleague , jerking everybody on and off ... the world ` compensates ' by being cranked extra fast , ... and the whole thing descends into slapdash tedium of a fairly primitive kind , which has ceased some time earlier to be entertaining .
more or less the entirety of the second half of the film could have been cut ( from the young couple parting outside the eiffel tower straight to the finding of the ring ) , and only to its improvement .
this film was shown in a double-bill with buster keaton 's `` three ages `` , a film shot in the same year and similarly using camera trickery ( what must be one of the earliest animated cartoon sequences featuring a live actor ) .
the comparison was not at all to the favour of `` paris qui dort `` , alas , which dragged terribly and came across as much more wordy and primitive ; it 's not entirely fair to judge it against an action comedy , but it is in the frenetic action sequences that this film is the weakest .
one gets the impression that the director had just run out of ideas .
by the ending of the film i was seriously bored ; the keaton , despite a poor print , woke up the audience ( in at least one case , literally ) like a shot .

-1
`` sherlock jr. `` is buster keaton 's film about a movie theater employee who aspires to be a detective .
keaton handles his role well and the supporting cast is solid as well .
the film has impressive cinematography , but a generic score .
the film has amusing moments : the very close shadowing of the villain by keaton as a detective , keaton walking through the safe door and keaton taking cues from a film to guide his romantic actions .
some of the stunts were entertaining , particularly keaton 's escapes through a window and a stomach .
the famous scene where keaton enters a movie scene was cleverly made , but i found it only moderately entertaining .
however , i found most of the film 's jokes basic and not very amusing .
a lot of the stunt sequences , while well-shot , were overlong .
while `` sherlock jr. `` had some funny moments and is a meticulously constructed film , i was disappointed by how few times i was amused by it .

-1
this is one of many shorts that are included in `` harry langdon : lost and found disk 1 `` .
this is a three disk set and it 's odd that it 's been so hard to find langdon shorts up until this set was released in 2007 .
the film begins with harry as a combination sheriff and photographer ( ?
) .
he 's trying to snatch a lady away from another man .
the lady , however , is n't impressed .
but when harry shows that he 's a hero , she succumbs to his charms and they are married .
then , abruptly , the film changes pace .
instead of the faster pace during the first reel , it 's like an entirely different film .
most of the `` action `` consists of harry trying to take a picture of his wife with her very obnoxious and unlikable family .
her little brother is an awful brat and he is so nasty and cruel towards harry that the film simply is n't funny .
in front of his parents , the child does horrible things such as smashing a baby bottle over harry 's head and destroying his camera .
had the kid secretly done horrible things , then this might have seemed funny .
instead , the kid seems like a sociopath and worse , his parents seem to condone anything the kid did to hurt harry .
what 's funny about this ?
later , and this comes completely out of the blue , the suitor from the beginning of the film returns and starts lighting everything on fire -- burning down harry 's studio .
harry saves the girl and is a hero , but you also get the strong feeling that the film makers had no idea what to do and simply decided to start lighting fires because they did n't have a good idea where to go next with this film .
in the 1910s , sennett ( the old keystone studios ) often shot without a script -- just vague story ideas .
by the 1920s , this was no longer the case and as a result , comedies improved .
however , this film looks like one of these earlier films -- as it seems to lack direction or cohesion .

-1
the slight parody potential of this feverish , dreamy , _ tale , one of the masterpieces of the last great gothic writer ( i mean , skip poor stoker ) , was put to some use in a funny laurel lampoon ; laurel was not a very likable actor , and here we get him , fortunately , a bit covered in makeup .
the sketch is , indeed , lighthearted , but this annuls the whole point of the tale .
yet on the other hand , hey , it 's just a silly short .
the cards , or inserts , i believe , they were called , are definitely ( one of the words that get spelled not so easy , as a perusal of imdb comments and threads might prove -- on a par with spielberg and scorsese ) better than the movie .
hyde -- i mean , what 's his name in the movie -- is a prankster and a fool . '
-- oh doctor , please let me in ! '
-- ' -- no , you let me in ! '
.
that 's not actually in the movie , but it might have been a good couple of lines .

-1
i watched the 4 hr reconstruction version and i could n't wait for this film to finally be over .
i awaited the words ` the end ' the way many cineastes await the discovery of the long lost original cut of this silent film .
despite all its acclaim , the version i saw reveals greed as an overly-long , ham-fisted melodrama ` epic ' with cartoonish characters and situations , clumsy heavy-handed symbolism and the overacting typical of its era .
mcteague 's wife , trina , is a pale imitation when compared alongside ebenezer scrooge and seems to have a level of depth closer approximating disney 's later character scrooge mcduck .
the film reminds me in some respects to the current trend of ` serious ' ` prestige ' oscar-bait movies released every year just in time to receive nominations and wins during award season .
it makes capra 's films seem subtle by comparison .
i ca n't help but wonder if the voters in various film polls who have acclaimed this film are voting on the extant 2.5 hour version or the 4 hr reconstruction ( which often relies on a la slide show of old on-set photographs in an attempt to replace 1.5 hours of the missing footage ) or if they 're voting for the alleged greatness of the mythic 9.5 hour version seen by a handful of people before it was cut to ribbons by the studio .
it seems like people feel so sorry for von stroheim 's loss , that placing his film in the pantheon of ` great films ' is an attempt at a consolation prize .
greed ca n't compare to achievements like murnau 's sunrise , which also took a simplistic story , but through vision and artistry turned it into something much more .
unfortunately , greed does n't succeed similarly imo .
i wish a copy of the original version would be magically discovered in storage somewhere , either so we could see the greatness of this legendary film , or so we could at least debunk the myth of its legendary ` greatness ' .
the story : hot-headed miner turned unlicensed dentist mcteague proposes to his friend 's girlfriend trina , after which she wins a $ 5,000 lottery .
his friend with a misplaced sense of entitlement is jealous over the loss of the girl and the fortune , not knowing what a , penny-pinching trina will become and how much she 'll make mcteague 's life miserable , making them live like paupers while she stashes away her interest on the business investment she makes with her uncle , not to mention the money she scrapes out of her husbands earnings .
she 'd be content for them to live in filth if she could hold onto her dream of someday swimming in a pile of gold .
there are also parallel stories of a thieving maid woman who marries a junk dealer after her elaborate lie to him about a fantasized million $ gold set of dishes that she claims to have once buried away somewhere and a story of a couple of elderly boarders who live next door to one another and fall in love .
it 's astounding that the telling of this story required even 4 hours , let alone 9.5 hours .
if you want to watch a film about what greed can do to people and see an over-the-top performance ( in about half the runtime ) , i highly recommend ` the treasure of the sierra madre ' instead .
sitting through ` greed ' is only recommended to silent film enthusiasts and film historians , yet ` tis still better than vidor 's ` the crowd ' .

-1
i ca n't really say that i 'm surprised this film was a ` commercial failure ' .
i see many imdb users extolling the improvement to be made by including stills to pad out the picture with previously excised material ; i 've heard that the existing shortened edition plays much better with the orchestral carl davis soundtrack .
not having benefited by either of these experiences , all i can say is that the version i witnessed was one of the most downbeat , heavily symbolist ( and thus , ironically , despite all von stroheim 's efforts , least ` realistic ' ) and melodramatic films i 've seen to date , and most definitely not a potential crowd-pleaser .
this has to be the original ` feel-bad movie ' .
i seriously doubt that a further hour and a half , or seven hours , of footage in the same style would have made much difference .
the film does indeed show signs of missing segments , but the only real way to avoid this problem would have been to adapt the story more concisely in the first place : in editing down any work , there is a limit to how much can be achieved without summarising and reworking .
beyond a certain point , in film as in written text , simply juxtaposing snipped sections in all their original detail is n't effective .
if von stroheim had set out to create a two-hour film in the first place , he would probably have done it differently .
he probably should have .
whatever else you can say for the film , it is n't subtle .
i had the sensation after a while of being bludgeoned over the head with the repeated ` miser shots ' of trina gloating over gold , or of disembodied hands grasping at loot : as if the idea were n't already driven home by the intertitles .
the melodrama of mcteague , veins swelling , eyes whirling , being tempted by the helpless panting lips of the unconscious woman in the dentist 's chair -- with its wordy interjection about ` the fine fabric ' of his mother 's influence being tainted by the evil of his father 's apparently hereditary vileness -- is the sort of thing that belongs to film-making of an earlier period ( if , indeed , anywhere ) , and gets silent films a bad name .
none of the characters seem very pleasant , and they all seem to be caricatures , fired only and arbitrarily by lust for money ; it 's possible that the editing loses large chunks of motivation here , for none of the abrupt transformations seem to make a lot of sense .
the state of the ' marriage ( in which trina several times displays physical fear and revulsion at her husband 's anticipated advances , and never seems to find him attractive ) is highly opaque , save as an exercise in self-flagellation .
the final death valley sequence is admittedly powerful , but if that were really the aim of the movie it could have been achieved without the need for everything that went before to justify it .
the across the desert has become something of a western clichã© now , but was presumably original when this production came out ; i 'm afraid it did bring to mind the little ` flea-pit ' cinema in `` the smallest show on earth `` , where the patrons were subjected to endless desert films with the heating turned up full in order to increase the sales of cold drinks during the intermission !
and yet again , it 's unsubtle : the point is made when marcus catches up to mcteague and there is n't enough water to get them both back out of the desert .
their lust for gold condemns them ; film over .
but `` greed `` has to pile on death after death -- mcteague talks marcus into shooting his ( to all appearances ) perfectly healthy mule , thus removing any possible means of escape , presumably in order to get him to empty his gun .
then one of the bullets just happens to pierce the : oh no !
they 're doubly dead .
( or , counting the mule , is it triply ?
) and then they fight to the death over who gets to carry the gold before he dies of thirst -- more heavy-handed message .
and then marcus 's dead body ends up handcuffed to mcteague , thus making * * certain that he ca n't get out of the desert , what with his being 100 miles from water , minus transport , with an empty , and cuffed to a corpse he ca n't drag .
( i was waiting for him to start hacking marcus ' hand off at the wrist , but apparently that was a step in realism too far even for von stroheim .
) so what does he do ?
he sets his bird free ( presumably the other one , symbolising the hated wife , vanished during one of the missing sections ) .
clearly he has been carrying food and water for this delicate creature and shading it from the sun all the time he was crawling across the desert , simply in order to bring it out for one last rhetorical flourish at this point .
only the bird refuses to leave him , and perches on the empty .
more heavy meaning ... the end .
i do n't like to say this of a notorious masterpiece , but it verges on the laughable .
some of my problems with the film are , i 'm sure , down to the tone of the original ` warts-and-all ' novel .
some of them are probably caused by the editing ( which , frankly , the director would appear to have brought upon himself ) .
some of them -- namely the exaggerated acting style , the self-conscious use of arty inserts -- can only be laid at the foot of the choices made for the motion picture , and are n't ever going to meet my taste .
but the experience as a whole really does n't lead me to seek out the ` restored ' version , when i so totally fail to recognise in this version of `` greed `` the tragically butchered but sublime artwork i had seen described ...

-1
unhappily , the surviving prints of this movie have substituted the title cards ( originally written by future director tay garnett ) with clock cuckoos , chiming gongs , , the occasional slide whistle , as well as a voice-over by an unspecified narrator who insists of punctuating each joke with a comment .
`` look , `` he tells us .
`` stan 's hair stands on end ! ``
he says of one gag .
`` get it ? ``
he asks of another .
yes , we get it .
now , please be quiet .
although stan 's gags in this picture -- he plays a chinese -- are better timed than in some of the awful vehicles he was in at the time -- short kilts , for example , or scorching sands -- and he displays some good physical slapstick reminiscent of his days with the karno troupe in england -- his character remains moronic , without any redeeming features whatsoever .
avoid this .

-1
in his and hardy days , stan laurel starred in a long string of short comedies .
some were exceptional ( such as dr. pyckle and mr. pryde ) but most were average at best .
he certainly did n't give keaton , lloyd or chaplin a run for their money during this era .
well , mandarin mix-up is no exception to this pattern of general mediocrity .
while there are a few minor jokes , none are all that funny and it 's hard to get excited about this film .
the funniest bit might be in the beginning where stan plays a baby ( reminiscent of his later film , brats ) and how he came to be raised by chinese immigrants .
like in the jerk , stan seemed to have no idea that these were not his real kinfolk !
but apart from that , the rest of the film is not especially inspired and had many typical jokes of the era about tong wars .
overall , watchable but not especially memorable or funny .

-1
this silent version of `` the wizard of oz `` has become one of the bonus features frequently included on home releases of the 1939 classic .
it certainly is n't as good as the more well-known version .
it can be intriguing due to the you have with either the characters from the mgm film , or their counterparts in the l. frank baum books .
`` dorothy `` ( dwan ) is a nubile teenager lusted after by others in the cast .
`` the scarecrow `` is her real-life husband and director larry semon , a once beloved comedian who died mysteriously .
`` the tin woodsman `` is oliver hardy , before teaming up with stan laurel .
and , the actor playing `` the cowardly lion `` is identified as `` g. howe black `` to highlight his skin pigmentation .
some of the visuals and stunts are good .
but , the story is n't .
**** the wizard of oz ( ) larry semon ~ larry semon , dorothy dwan , bryant washburn , oliver hardy

-1
forgotten silent film comedian larry semon co-writes directs and stars ( scarecrow ) in this disembodied film version of the frank baum novel .
semon 's faithfulness to the book goes awry early making it more of a curiosity piece in the shadow of the 39 oz to end all but it does have a modicum of comic moments and high wire slapstick to keep itself above water some of the of the way .
a toy maker commences to tell a little girl a story about the kingdom of oz .
suffering from early signs of undetected add the child is soon bored by the structure and requests the old man to leap ahead to the meanwhile back at the farm segment where dorothy heir to the thrown of oz , living an anastasia like existence in kansas remains a disquieting presence to the farm 's male population much to the chagrin of a brutish uncle ( played by 325 pound frank alexander ) who bullies one and all .
back at the palace prime minister dispatches a team of assassins dressed in zorro outfits in a to middle to commit regicide .
before this happens however dorothy and farmhands ( no allowed ) are blown by what looks like a hurricane as much as a tornado to you guessed it , oz .
accepts dorothy as queen of oz but remains steadfast ( `` but i 'm still dictator `` ) in keeping his position and power to liquidate threats , especially the scarecrow and prince kynd .
semon 's is bizarre a ; his acting lifeless and unfunny ; his direction a free for all of sennett pratfalls and rage conveyed save for a couple of gripping swan dives and stunts .
i 'd say it 's a safe bet by the time we get around to seeing this silent version we have already seen the half a dozen times by adulthood .
in essence we have been brainwashed to accept no substitute .
this misguided interpretation strays not only from the book but from the classic re-make .
instead of wicked witches we have dissipated von stroheim royalty , exotic female impersonators ( played by the aptly named frederick ko vert ) and oliver hardy playing a treacherous tin woodsman .
but semon is more slapstick than iconoclast and oz offers up only bits and pieces of humor .
the real audacity , however , is in its treatment of one of the major players ( cowardly lion ) played by spencer bell .
a black man , bell is subjected to ugly but common wide eyed caricature of the day .
further indignity is heaped upon him by conspicuously leaving him off of the cast list and listing him in the title cards as snowball , a played by g. howe black .
ironically he saves the day more than once .
more mystifying is the moment where the mississippi born semon shakes hands with bell during a dire moment .
like i said , it 's a curiosity piece .

-1
the rich father of martha wants his daughter marry the young son of his rich friend ; that is to say , a marriage of convenience , an ordinary practice among the aristocracy for centuries .
however , martha , who has never met her intended bridegroom , rebels against her father and runs away .
at the train station , she meets a young man and the two fall in love instantly .
the young man of course is the boy her father has chosen for her but he does n't know who she is either .
naturally , they have to deal with some misunderstandings and problems before love finally triumphs .
`` crazy like a fox `` was one of the numerous short comedies starring herr charley chase and directed by herr leo mccarey , a gag writer and film director of those comedy shorts who joined the hal roach studio in 1923 .
herr chase had signed with roach two years before as an actor/director and won popularity and success with many comedies .
chase and mccarthy both worked with with the most important comedians of the silent era , people like roscoe arbuckle , charlie chaplin and laurel & hardy .
the importance of herr mccarey in relation to silent comedies is notorious , thanks to his abilities to develop funny situations out of some weak material .
in many of his oeuvres , that 's will be not a problem if the comedian is a resolute , inventive and imaginative one , characteristics that ca n't be found in this two-reel comedy .
for this teutonic count ( note that the german aristocracy have a delicate and fragile sense of humour ) the charlie chase humour displayed in this film is too simplistic and is childish in the worst sense of this word .
no doubt these simple antics are funny for longhaired youngsters but to this german count those silly gestures only emphasize , even more ... his hieratic attitude .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count must continue to be expressionless .
herr graf ferdinand von galitzien http : //ferdinandvongalitzien.blogspot.com/

-1
elisabeth bergner is probably best remembered ( in britain , at least ) for playing rosalind in ` as you like it ' , a role for which she spent most of her screen time cross-dressed as ganymede , the counterfeit boy .
she was n't convincing as a boy in that film , but the theatrical artifice of shakespeare 's verse made her imposture seem acceptable .
here , in her earlier film ` the fiddler of florence ' , bergner also spends most of her screen time in , interacting with characters who genuinely believe her to be a boy .
this is a silent film , so bergner is n't required to speak in a male voice .
even so , her impersonation of a male is frankly unbelievable ... and , because this film 's milieu is otherwise much more realistic than shakespeare 's forest of arden , bergner 's failure to pass as a boy ultimately causes the entire movie to fail .
she 's also slightly too old to pass as a boy , i 'll add .
renã©e ( bergner ) is a strong-willed german fraulein .
when her beloved mother dies , her cold father ( conrad veidt ) remarries .
veidt and his new bride are only interested in each other : accordingly , veidt packs renã©e off to a strict boarding-school in switzerland .
( i wonder if this is the girls ' school in switzerland where stallone had a job once .
) at this point in the movie , i was hoping for some ` madchen in uniform ' theatrics , but -- with a title like ` the fiddler of florence ' -- other things are clearly impending .
renã©e runs away from her swiss school and heads for the border , presumably passing julie andrews and the von trapp children going in the opposite direction .
at the italian frontier , she coaxes a peasant boy into giving her his clothes .
( leaving him to wear * hers * , i guess .
!
) bergner 's ` disguise ' as a boy is deeply unconvincing , not least because she keeps her beautiful long blonde tresses .
renã©e is now reborn ( get the french pun ?
) as rene .
as renã©e makes her boyish way across italy , she falls in with two wandering bohemians : a romantic young and his sister .
the painter is played by future character actor walter rilla , and he gives a far better performance here than this movie deserves .
neither rilla nor his sister twig that this ` boy ' is actually a girl , but rilla gradually finds himself attracted to the beautiful lad .
ach du lieber !
` the fiddler of florence ' was written and directed by paul czinner , who would later be bergner 's husband , and who at this point was already firmly established as the guiding presence of bergner 's career .
bergner spends most of this film in male disguise , yet the attempts to transform her into a ` boy ' are so perfunctory as to be downright laughable .
i suspect that czinner was unwilling to compromise bergner 's substantial female charms , and reluctant to present her to audiences as anything less than 100 % feminine .
but then why choose this particular story for her ?
on the basis of ` the fiddler of florence ' and ` as you like it ' -- another czinner effort -- i wonder if perhaps czinner was one of those men who has a predilection for women disguised as boys .
or perhaps it was bergner herself who favoured vehicles that would require her to wear male disguise .
whoever had the idea , bergner is simply more attractive ( and more believable ) as a fraulein than as a boy .
a warning to all conrad veidt fans : although that splendid actor is prominently listed in the cast of this film , he actually has only a small role with very little screen time .
impressively , he gives a fine performance anyway .
as the father , interacting with his new bride and his daughter in the same scene , veidt skilfully conveys affection and lust for the former while remaining cold towards the latter .
veidt 's brief performance belongs in a better movie .
i 'll rate ` the fiddler of florence ' 4 points , largely for some beautiful exterior photography .
give the movie an extra point if you like to watch women pretending to be boys .

-1
the story is n't much , but at a brisk 53 minutes you could do a lot worse .
some of the photography is actually quite stunning and impressive , and there 's some good stunt work too .
sad to say the comedy relief from curtis mchenry is particularly offensive to modern viewers , which may go some way to explaining this film 's obscurity .

-1
i typically do n't like silent films , but i decided to watch this one for two reasons .
first , i usually like sci-fi movies , and second , metropolis had received so many glowing reviews that i could n't pass it up .
however , my opinion of this film is below what most reviewers have been saying .
kino 's digitally remastered version on dvd is very impressive .
the sound and picture quality are both excellent .
however , i have to conclude that favorable reviews of this film are likely based on nostalgia , on the film 's influence on future films , and on the incredible visual effects , given its year of release .
film history buffs and silent film fans should see this movie .
i thought this was a good film , but not a great one .
a rating of 8.3 is much too high , and at # 93 , there are plenty of better films ranked below it .
first , the good parts of the film : 1 ) the special effects are excellent for a film .
2 ) the mindlessness of the working class is portrayed well in how they work , the decisions they make , and in how easily they are .
3 ) the main character is well developed throughout the film , and the audience can relate to him well .
4 ) the film is visually stunning and impressive .
5 ) the story of the working class , vision of the future , `` , `` etc . have had a very strong influence on many films which came later .
on the other hand , here is a list of what could have been done better : 1 ) many scenes dragged on too long and were tedious .
i ca n't imagine it being any longer than it already was .
2 ) the differences between the thinking class and the working class were not clear ; both seemed to be pretty mindless .
3 ) the themes and ideas in the film have been explored better in other productions .
4 ) the set design and special effects are not as good as they are in the 1936 film , things to come .
5 ) things to come also has a far more interesting and creative vision of the future .
6 ) joh fredersen is not well developed , and his motives and decisions seem illogical for the leader of the `` thinking `` class .
7 ) there is no explanation for how the spiritual and motivational leader of the working class became so intelligent , capable , and/or competent .
more background on maria would have helped develop her character , and improved the film .
in its defense , it could be that i was not as impressed by this film simply because so many films which came after it have copied , borrowed , stolen , or re-worked ideas that appeared here first .
metropolis certainly was a trend-setter .
like i said before , i do n't think this is a bad film .
it 's simply overrated , and i 've seen plenty of films that are better but are rated lower .

-1
i really hate it when i do n't enjoy a classic film .
i really want to enjoy it but i just ca n't .
i want to understand some people 's love for it , but i just ca n't .
metropolis falls under this category .
an unbearably slow film , ( i watched the restoration which is over 2 hours long ... that may have been a bad idea ) that starts off with interesting ideas but then seems to not really do much with them .
it is the year 2026 , the wealthy rule the city of metropolis , while the lower-class work for hours on end underground in awful conditions .
the master of metropolis is joh fredersen ( alfred abel ) and his son is freder ( gustav frohlich ) , who spends his days with other rich people in a place called the pleasure garden where he truly does nothing at all .
a woman named maria ( brigitte helm ) brings a group of working children up for a visit in pleasure garden and freder is quickly enamored by maria .
freder decides to explore the underground part of the city only to be shocked as an explosion goes off and kills multiple workers .
he reports this to his father who is disappointed his son was the first to report it over his assistant , josepha ( theodor loos ) , and his assistant is quickly fired .
this does an immediate job of showing the coldness of joh but they never do much else with his character .
in fact , very little of the characters are developed in anyway .
most of them are completely uninteresting and the setting itself is compelling at first but quickly loses anything interesting halfway through the film as the film moves at a snail pace .
anyways , the main aspect of the plot here is that the workers are led by maria to stop this feud between the rich and the poor with nonviolence and the eventual arrival of a mediator to make it happen .
my real issue is that the film starts with such a great idea and had potential to become something like 1984 ( i 'm aware it came out afterwords ( and that it 's a novel ) , but still , just an example ) but it instead becomes filled with strange religious allusions and becomes a witch hunt essentially by the end .
they never really do any decent social commentary at all .
if any at all .
this would n't matter if the film was actually entertaining , but it only is in spurts and then quickly becomes a repetitive bore .
i do think the special effects were impressive and this film is obviously important for being the first full length science fiction film ... well , ever .
that does n't mean it holds up because it does n't .
in fact , it 'd be hard for me to believe the film was entertaining in 1927 .
i still wonder if i had watched the shorter version of the film how much more i would 've enjoyed the film .
it certainly would 've have been paced better considering so much of this film is unbelievably uninteresting .
but , i do n't think that changes the fact that this movie does n't really do anything .
it is n't entertaining .
it does n't really have a message .
what is this movie ?
i guess , good special effects for 1927 ?
whatever .
i 'm glad i gave this classic a chance , but i highly doubt i 'll revisit it anytime soon .

-1
metropolis was a two and half hour long silent movie .
i was hoping to have my socks wowed off by an incredible classic movie ( because of the way our professor hyped it as the silent era 's avatar ) .
nothing could be farther from the truth .
after an hour or so i could barely stand it .
another thirty minutes go by and i begin to seriously contemplate walking out .
but i could n't just leave .
it was n't that i was interested in the movie but i had already invested too much time to leave and not get credit for being there .
the last hour was a test of my will .
i was antsy and i was jittery but i stayed and i got my damn credit .
the movie was not that awful it just did n't warrant two and a half hours of screen time .
so far the silent movies we have seen have been one hour maximum .
this was just too much .
like i said the movie was n't all awful .
if i forget the agonizing length of the silent metropolis i can see a few positive things it had going for it .
i loved the machine woman hel .
i think her name foreshadows what she does in the movie because she basically lets all hell loose on the city by inciting the workers .
the story spends a lot of time on the workers and the machines .
the time it spends up top deals almost exclusively with the mastermind behind the city joh fredersen .
the workers are basically rising up against and destroying the system he has built , but the two never come into direct contact .
it is as if such a confrontation of the lowly with the high brow is unthinkable and that is why there must be a mediator .
i would have rather seen an invasion of the upper-class lifestyle by the rioting workers .

-1
this creaky `` docu-drama `` is pretty difficult to enjoy from a 21st century vantage point .
it chronicles the efforts of one family in what in 1927 was still siam to survive in the wilds of the jungle .
but the film demonizes the natural world , and particularly the animals who live in it , to the point that the family seems to be winning some sort of moral victory every time they kill a tiger or tame an elephant .
it also does n't help that most of the film is obviously staged , undermining the seriousness of this family 's struggle with the jungle .
all these years later , with mankind raping and exploiting the natural world out of existence , it 's nearly impossible not to find this film distasteful .
and i really could have done without the twee storyline ( and especially the `` comic relief `` title cards ) involving the family 's pet monkey .
`` chang `` was nominated in the one-time only category of unique and artistic picture at the very first academy awards , but it lost , thank god , to f.w . murnau 's exquisite `` sunrise . ``
that the two films were even nominated in the same category is hard to believe .
grade : c

-1
this is the first silent film that i 've ever seen , and i enjoyed it as much as i thought i would , which is to say , not very much .
with the absence of dialogue , enjoyment of this film depends solely on whether or not you find buster keaton 's physical comedy to be funny .
and while i recognize that the man had an incredible knack for making these physical scenes , the gags were n't funny .
in fact , i did n't laugh once during this whole movie .
now , i wo n't judge all silent films by this feature , and i will actually check out more of keaton 's movies , because i certainly can recognize his talents .
but `` college `` , even with buster keaton , is a mediocre movie .

-1
i was kind of disappointed by this movie .
after watching a silent comedy in my history of american cinema class i was looking forward to viewing this for homework .
i felt like i could n't get into this movie ; being silent you really have to pay attention and i just could n't seem to grasp what was going on .
i came away from this without knowing a whole lot about the plot .
while watching i had to continually rewind and re-watch .
i do n't think that this is by any means a bad movie , i am for one inexperienced in watching silent films and though i had a hard time with the storyline this movie had that classic , back to basic kind of comedy that had me laughing all the way through .
all and all a great film for its time , i just wish i could of been a better viewer of it

-1
yes , this may be a milestone in ( comedy ) film making .
and yes , maybe this movie was indeed perceived as funny when it came out .
but looking at it now , it seems rather dull , predictive , and -- well -- not funny .
after having watched it , i am not sure anymore whether it even made me smile anywhere at all .
but i am positive i never had to ` laugh out loud ' as some other reviewers remark .
and it definitely does not represent a critical comment on war .
the civil war only serves as a background and an excuse for the ` adventure ' .
if you want a truly critical statement from that period , i 'd recommend ` all quiet on the western front ' ( 1930 ) instead .
however , if you are not expecting a hilarious or brilliant comedy , you might still enjoy watching the movie .
but you have been warned .

-1
what can say this german count about this film ?
... what can a german aristocrat say who deeply loves ( besides his fat german heiresses ) the silent cinema ?
what then can be said about a film that is well known for being the first talkie ( well ... that 's not technically true , it 's more a synchronized film ) in film history ?
as you can understand , mein , it 's very hard , very troublesome , very sad , very much , indeed , to talk about this talkie film .
german words fail this count ( that 's a perfect excuse for a silent film fan ... ) when we think about what `` the jazz singer `` meant to film history .
the film is a typical 20 's melodrama with a son of a jewish cantor who wants to be a jazz singer .
ah , and that 's a problem , indeed ! !
... the youngsters always defying traditions , having no respect for the elders ... they begin wanting to be modern singers and finally want to make talkies ! ! !
... `` the jazz singer `` was the talk of the town , it 's true .
thanks to the adventures of jakie rabinowitz and some bizarre songs , henceforth the cinema was n't the same .
the public preferred simple talkie stories and forgot the poetry , the visual beauty , the sceneries , the slapstick , the german expressionism , the frenchified films , the avant-garde movements , the pola negri whip , the brooks hairdo , metropolis , the garbo face , the sunrise of two humans , etc . .
the magnificent film narrative of the silent films that at that time was especially brilliant was at the beginning of the end of a beautiful dream ... a splendorous , unique era of the film history .
and now , if you 'll allow me , i must temporarily take my leave because this german count has talked himself out with his respect for the films of the silent era

-1
1st watched - 4 out of 10 ( , alan ) : sappy introduction to sound from warner brothers and al jolson .
the movie made a lot of money for the studio and gave people the first opportunity to see what sound could be like in the movies .
there was actually only one talking scene with sound but also a few musical performances by jolson and cantor josef rosenblatt .
these scenes in itself were monumental to film and the movie has a part in the world of cinema because of this .
as for the movie , it 's very with sappiness and schmaltz as the son of the cantor has to decide between singing for the church or taking his show on the road to broadway .
it takes a long long time for him to make a decision and the viewers ca n't help but yell back at the screen , `` come on just make up your mind one way or the other , please ! !
. ``
the religious family lays on the guilt as his father becomes ill , and the girlfriend and broadway show director lay their side of the argument on heavy as well .
as an entertainment piece , it 's nice to see jolson especially doing his classic `` `` near the end but the entire movie would have been better as a video collection .
oops , i guess we 'd have to wait another half a decade or so for that and by then both of the singers from this movie were long gone , too bad it would have at least been interesting .
.
the movie made a lot of money for the studio and gave people the first opportunity to see what sound could be like in the movies .
there was actually only one talking scene with sound but also a few musical performances by jolson and cantor josef rosenblatt .
these scenes in itself were monumental to film and the movie has a part in the world of cinema because of this .
as for the movie , it 's very with sappiness and schmaltz as the son of the cantor has to decide between singing for the church or taking his show on the road to broadway .
it takes a long long time for him to make a decision and the viewers ca n't help but yell back at the screen , `` come on just make up your mind one way or the other , please ! !
. ``
the religious family lays on the guilt as his father becomes ill , and the girlfriend and broadway show director lay their side of the argument on heavy as well .
as an entertainment piece , it 's nice to see jolson especially doing his classic `` `` near the end but the entire movie would have been better as a video collection .
oops , i guess we 'd have to wait another half a decade or so for that and by then both of the singers from this movie were long gone , too bad it would have at least been interesting .

-1
here 's a genuine oddity : a feature-length silent western produced by the hal roach studio and featuring two of the studio 's most famous comedians , oliver hardy and james finlayson , in serious roles .
actually , the top-billed star of no man 's law is rex the wonder horse ( and no , i 'm not kidding ) , for this film was made at the height of the `` animal adventure `` craze initiated by the great success of dog star rin tin tin .
rex is certainly a stallion , but he is n't our protagonist ; he turns up only occasionally at key moments to perform good deeds while the plot is driven primarily by the actions of the humans on hand .
hardy in particular has a great deal of screen time , albeit in a role that could hardly be further afield from the way we tend to remember him .
it should be noted that this is n't the kind of western that boasts cattle stampedes , large scale shoot-outs , hostile injuns or the pony express ; there is n't even a saloon .
in fact , the entire cast consists of only four people , stuck out in the middle of nowhere .
the story concerns an old miner ( played by finlayson ) and his daughter ( barbara kent ) who live in a tumbledown shack in a remote portion of a bleak and dusty desert .
here they are menaced by a pair of villains , one of whom , spider o'day ( theodore von eltz ) , turns out to be better than he seems , while the other , sharkey nye ( hardy ) , is a no-good , greedy , sadistic , cowardly sleaze-ball .
that 's right , this movie gives us a look at what happens when dear old , ollie goes bad , and it 's not a pretty sight .
hardy himself is made to appear quite ugly : his hair is buzzed short , he 's unshaven , he wears an eye-patch over one eye , and his clothes are so stained with sweat you can practically smell him .
i happened to see no man 's law at a public screening with a small audience , and perhaps it goes without saying that hardy 's initial appearance was greeted with chuckles .
and indeed , his first scene with von eltz has elements of intentional humor , as when sharkey expresses his fear of dying in the desert and winding up as food for buzzards .
ollie 's expressions and gestures are just as we remember them , and his get-up looks funny at first .
but as the movie rolled grimly along it became increasingly clear that this would be no comedy , and the laughter dwindled .
the mood of no man 's law is quite gloomy and dark , as the heart of the story concerns violent conflict between the male characters over the possession of a gold mine -- and , eventually , over the fate of the miner 's daughter .
sharkey nye proves to be an absolute rotter who attempts to kill the old man and rape the girl .
as a lifelong laurel & hardy fan it 's difficult to describe how i felt while watching ollie portray this character .
seeing him try to actually murder can only be compared to seeing elmer fudd blasting away at rabbits and ducks with real buckshot .
it 's only the fact that sharkey is such an inept and ultimately unsuccessful villain that keeps this movie from being an even more disturbing experience than it already is .
on a more pleasant note , youthful leading lady barbara kent is cute as a bug , making her entrance flouncing around the shack in a pair of over-sized pajamas and later taking a nude swim , very much like mabel normand in mickey .
( mabel 's longtime director richard jones , who helmed mickey , acted as supervisor on this film and co-authored the script , so the similarity is surely no coincidence .
) miss kent , who rather resembled paulette goddard , brings some vivacity and desperately needed perkiness to this project .
in sum , no man 's law is certainly a fascinating novelty for laurel & hardy fans -- and , of course , for any remaining fans of rex the wonder horse -- but it 's not exactly a joy ride , and i must confess i was a little relieved when it was over .
relieved , and ready to take another look at way out west or sons of the desert , to help expunge bad ollie from my thoughts and remember the guy who always makes me laugh .

-1
fall of the romanov dynasty seems to not know what it wants to be as a film .
presenting a chronological set of not uninteresting documentary footage , dynasty fails to present historical information in anything but the most barest of terms .
on the other hand , the film completely lacks in dramatization or characterization , and so apparently styles itself as a historical narrative .
the entire structure of the film is characterized by strange choices .
the opening sequences , comparing the lives of the aristocracy and the lower classes in tsarist russia , are a fine exposition , but consume a whopping third of the total screen-time without much variation .
dynasty suggests that wwi was some sort of money-making venture among the ruling classes and industrialists of europe , which leads one to believe one is watching a work of socialist propaganda .
however , when the revolution is finally reached , it is depicted almost entirely as a reactionary movement to the horrors of the war and the inabilities of the monarchy rather than an ideological battle .
the images of mobilization and war are the most exciting ones , and in that sense , fail to fulfill the apparent goal of denouncing imperial injustices .
perhaps the strangest element is the choice to relegate the bolshevik revolution to the final three minutes of the film : we see lenin denouncing the provisional government , and then a cut to credits .
it may be the case that film-goers had tired of the revolutionary story by 1927 , but this eliminates what is probably the most compelling part of russia 's role in wwi .
the film 's strengths lie in the candid footage ; we see the big names -- nicholas ii , , lenin -- in living movement , and perhaps the only view that many russians would have gotten of them .
images of imperial and religious ceremonies are well juxtaposed with shots of toiling peasants and marching protesters in a sort of a slide show of pre - and post-revolutionary norms .
on the whole , though , fall of the romanov dynasty is rather directionless , and fails to either present a compelling revolutionary ideology or a historical reflection of any depth .

-1
i did n't care for this movie .
i found myself wishing that the murderous husband would throw himself overboard !
he was clearly unhinged .
however , the movie 's effects were wonderful and there was constant movement throughout .
there were also several instances of wife telling the nanny that she wo n't be back for a while and when the dog breaks free and swims to the boat as if to save the wife .
i found the scenes in the city to be spectacular and fun , but here the plot failed me .
i did n't feel much towards the characters and did n't see how there interaction made him fall back in love with her .
it appeared she loved him all along but he betrayed her trust and apparently won her trust back , that did not seem credible .
the cinematography and the presentation were amazing as was the set .

-1
this is a beautiful movie , but i am going to be the least popular person to comment on it here , because i can not see a totally ` innocent ' femme fatale except maybe in a ballet , where the prostitution and virtual brainlessness wo n't show as they do here .
of course , a silent film , poetic like this one , is closer to ballet than films would become later , so it is a fine movie in a sense anyway .
however , louise brooks plays lulu as literally wholesome .
i was never able to see her as at all sexual , but only affectionate with any and all of the men who were her lovers and/or clients .
and the wedekind plays had more emphasis on actual sexuality than is ever given here .
louise brooks 's lulu therefore seems more or less retarded .
she is around the vice of society but does not seem to know any of the rules of that society , which is just too far-fetched to be plausible : even if she 's just a simple , lovable and loving ` animal ' , she would most likely grieve at some of the deaths that occur , but she seems to have no feeling really at all , except a kind of dumb acceptance of any and all men who favour her in any way , and perhaps an inability to remember anything .
you would think she was a transplanted tahitian or some other ` noble savage ' rather than someone german .
can lulu even read ?
one has to assume that she can not .
and if she is so low-class and ` , ' she would not know how to dress sleekly and seductively , which she does -- while still conveying nothing of the ` whore with the heart of gold , ' but rather the ` child whore ' of the sort we read about now frequently occurring in the philippines , thailand , etc . ( but those are locked up , and they are surely not all brainless anyway .
) brooks has a sexy body , but does n't convey sexiness that i can see .
she smiles beautifully , but it looks like it would be on an old cover of ` american girl ' or even ` seventeen . '
either garbo or dietrich would have , with no effort at all , even if they tried to hide it , exuded enough smoky sex to let you know what profession they were in .
with their acting technique , either would have been able to project as much innocence as was really needed .
brooks is exactly the same from beginning to end , and her portrayal is more like some alain robbe-grillet would possibly imagine among the many in his novels .
well , everyone seems to think she 's wonderful in the part , comments astonished me by saying she was the greatest actress who ever lived , beyond garbo and dietrich .
i suppose this may be true ( except that she is beyond garbo and dietrich , which is just ridiculous .
) nevertheless , i see that she plays only a waif , never a prostitute of any kind , and it is not convincing : the countess says something about ` spending your whole life in cabarets ' as means of defending lulu .
there is no prostitute who does not pick up some of the necessary hard-edged characteristics and looks of her trade , and dietrich would have shown this quite as she did shortly in ` the blue angel , ' even if it had been toned down for lulu .
prostitution does not exist without a trace ( at very least ) of earthiness or lewdness , and louise brooks never once conveys lewdness .
she plays ondine more than lulu , and this is probably how audrey hepburn would have done the part -- so that brooks 's lulu seems very much like hepburn 's rima the bird girl in ` green mansions ' , with the apparently minor detail of cultural placement .
with touches of ` the little match girl . '
it has not been my experience that it is innocence in women that ` drives men mad . '
only toward the end does pabst 's poetics really fully open , with a taste of christmas cake , with the extravagantly handsome francis lederer walking away from the scene ( he seems not to know that lulu has been killed , only that she has been with another man ) .
i had not been aware of lederer 's extraordinary career and life -- he lived to be 100 and had been the ` mayor of , ' so says his bio herein -- but i had remembered him from ` midnight ' with claudette colbert .

-1
la chute de la maison usher , or the fall of the house of usher as it 's know amongst english audiences , starts with allan ( charles lamy ) heading for the castle of his good friend sir roderick usher ( jean ) who sent him a letter saying that his wife madeleine is ill .
once there allan finds madeleine very sick & her husband roderick determined & almost obsessed to paint her portrait .
as roderick paints madeleine becomes weaker & weaker almost as if the picture is draining the life out of her , allan tries to help his friend but tragedy soon strikes ... this french production was co-written , produced & directed by jean epstein & was the second of two filmed the fall of the house of usher adaptations during 1928 , honestly i do n't know the original novel was published in 1839 , i mean you wait 89 years for a filmed adaptation & two come along at the same time !
anyway , i feel that i have a bit of a problem here as i have read plenty of positive comments about la chute de la maison usher & maybe i 'm not the right sort of person to write a comment on it but i have to say that it simply did n't do anything for me .
i did n't like it , obviously the first thing to say is that this is a silent film & therefore it relies on imagery but even so i thought the story was weak , i thought as a whole the film was boring & dull even though it only lasts for about an hour & it really did n't do anything for me at all .
la chute de la maison usher was made almost 80 years ago & that is literally a lifetime , the world , cinema & tastes have moved on a lot since then & i found no enjoyment in this film .
i feel this film has dated badly & probably was n't that good to start with anyway .
i never felt for any of the character 's , i never cared about anything that was happening & i found it all rather tedious to sit through , i 'm sorry if i 've offended any silent film fans out there but that 's the way i felt .
director epstein does an ok job , a lot of people ramble on about the imagery in la chute de la maison usher & i will freely admit it definitely has it 's moments but i thought they were few & far between .
shots of people 's mouths moving & not actually hearing what they say just seemed weird to me , i did n't like the music & the version i saw kept the original french language insert cards which were narrated by guy with the most awful sounding thick french accent which was also off putting .
based on the story by edgar allen poe i doubt this has much resemblance to it apart from one or two basic elements , stick with the fantastic roger corman house of usher starring vincent price .
technically the film was ok considering when it was made .
you simply can not tell about the acting as no one ever speaks although the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try & suggest emotions or reflect what 's happening which works to an extent but after a while just looks a bit daft .
la chute de la maison usher will appeal to those who crave a bygone era , who live in caves or who are stuck in the past , for me i like my films to have a story , not to bore me & to have sound & i 'm sorry if that last statement makes me sound like an uneducated idiot but that 's how i feel .
the world has moved on since 1928 & for the better .

-1
` ' is the interesting title of a felix the cat cartoon which is n't very funny , but which contains some interesting visual devices .
most of otto messmer 's felix toons relied on a stark palette of black and white : in ` ' there 's a subtle range of greys which i found much easier on my eyes .
felix goes to see professor , an ` astrologist ' ( that 's the word they use here ) who claims he can predict felix 's future by reading his stars .
how does he do it ?
easy !
he hits felix over the head , thus producing a standard star .
( wot , only one ?
) the professor then nabs this star , and somehow reads it .
felix has a run-in with a millionaire who has his own personal aviator .
interestingly , the aviator is drawn as a negro .
( a black ace ?
) unfortunately , he 's drawn in the usual racially stereotyped fashion .
i was intrigued that this 1928 cartoon drew the millionaire 's aircraft as a monoplane , possibly inspired by lindbergh 's flight of the previous year .
in 1928 , most of the aircraft were still biplanes .
there 's an interesting montage effect when felix receives a dinner : a roast chicken morphs into a bottle of milk , which morphs into a fish .
nicely animated !
later in the same toon , felix and another male cat have a fistfight on one of those weird jutting outcrops of stone which occur so frequently in road runner cartoons but so seldom in real life .
since felix is in many ways a surreal character -- with his detachable tail and so forth -- it 's intriguing that he tends to resolve disputes with conventional fisticuffs .
` ' is nice to look at , but not very funny and the plot is difficult to follow .
felix did better elsewhere , and i 'll rate this one only 4 out of 10 .

-1
`` show folks `` ( 1928 ) is not to be confused with `` show people `` , a much better film released the same year .
for one thing , `` show people `` is a comedy whilst `` show folks `` is a soap opera with a show-biz background .
`` show folks `` stars eddie quillan and lina , who teamed again a few months later to star in `` the godless girl `` ... which is a better and more interesting movie than `` show folks `` .
`` show folks `` has a plot very similar to `` the dance of life `` ( 1929 ) .
eddie quillan plays a vaudeville hoofer ( conceited , of course ) who teams up with young dancer rita ... played by lina , a very pretty brunette .
eddie acts as if he 's doing rita a favour , but of course she 's a much better dancer than he is .
prettier , too .
eddie quillan was an excellent actor , but i dislike watching him in his early films because his delicate features made him look unnervingly feminine .
in his later roles ( including his excellent performance in `` kid glove killer `` ) , his face had coarsened somewhat and he looks slightly more masculine .
in `` show folks `` , it looks like lina and eddie are competing to see which one gets to be the leading lady .
rita 's career takes off faster than eddie 's , and soon she leaves him behind for a chance at a big break which is sure to make her a star in musical comedy .
blatantly obvious spoiler coming .
on opening night of the show that will make her a star , rita decides to give it all up for her true love , eddie the hoofer .
i had trouble sitting through this .
the clear message is that a relationship ca n't succeed if the woman is more successful than the man , and also that a woman 's career is less important than keeping her man happy and suiting his needs .
i did n't much fancy `` show folks `` .
robert armstrong is competent in a weak role .
blonde carole lombard is young and pretty in a performance which gives no hint of her later stardom .
she 's billed here as `` carol `` , which is significant .
years later , when she was a star , carole lombard modestly claimed that her success was entirely due to the attention she had attracted with the gimmicky spelling `` carole `` .
anyway , i 'll rate `` show folks `` 4 points out of 10 .

-1
you 're darn tootin ' aspect ratio : 1.33:1 sound format : silent ( black and white - short film ) fired from an orchestra for causing havoc , stan 'n ' ollie become street musicians and spark a ... directed by comedy star edgar kennedy ( originally billed as ` e. livingston kennedy ' ) , this silent l & h short builds toward a climactic set-piece in which a large crowd of people are drawn into their personal squabble , resulting in complete anarchy ( see also hats off and perfect day for a similar scenario ) , largely because stan is unwilling to suffer ollie 's bullying behavior , a dynamic which figured heavily in many of their silent entries .
an earlier sequence , in which they ruin an orchestral presentation in the local park , sending conductor otto lederer into an apoplectic rage , is staged and executed with note-perfect precision .
originally released in the uk as the music blasters .

-1
stan laurel and oliver hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history , and deservedly so , so i am happy to see any of their films .
at a concert with a retiring conductor , stan and ollie in the band seem to be following everyone else except the conductor , who is getting constantly irritated .
the boys are forgetting their moments to play , having instruments falling apart , dropping music sheets and making all the other players screw up and fall over .
when they get home to a soup dinner , the boy at the table says that they got fired , and they are quickly chucked out .
they play their instruments on the street to earn some money ( like in their film below zero ) , and stan of course ca n't follow ollie to start .
when they move location , the are outside a building that the conductor is practising , and when they walk away they keep ending up in the open sewer holes .
ollie loses his patience and throws the instruments away , and a fight begins , with punching , ripping each other 's clothes , and soon enough one men joins in , and another , and many others are involved , ripping trousers off , and it ends with stan and ollie walking away together in a large man 's pair of trousers .
there were the tiniest moments of comedy , but it is n't a great black and white silent film .
the music added to the film does n't match all the images , and it sounds off tune at times , i ca n't see why some people think this is one of their best silent films .
stan laurel and oliver hardy were number 7 on the comedians ' comedian .
okay !

-1
these are the adventures of marines flagg and quirt which were first seen in `` what price glory `` this film really has little plot and just seems to be a combination of episodes where the two characters played by mclaglen and lowe in what can only be described as a very broad manner , continually try to get the upper hand against each other whether it be in the romantic field or in military humour is definitely pre brendel introduces his girl as `` the lay of the land `` .
the joke being that she has a map of the country in her says this film runs like slow molasses and by god he is right.i can only presume that they were so enamoured of the movietone process that they decided to make this their big you were to cut out all the exchanges where they are saying `` sez you `` `` sez me `` i think that you would loose half the running time.i know that i thought that films today are far to it seems that they have many precedents for this .

-1
the graceful camera motion , combined with the voices mismatched with mouths confirms the trivia entry to this 1929 rko talkie : this was shot as a silent and then sound was onto it .
also , arthur lake , better known for his role as dagwood in the `` blondie `` movie and tv series for twenty years , is unbearably twitchy in this love triangle set around a dance hall .
nonetheless , there are some technical issues to this movie that make it important .
there is an early example of two people doing ballroom dancing that is shot in a long take to show their movement .
most film historians indicate that this manner of shooting dancing was an innovation for the astaire-rogers films about five years after this , yet here it is .
perhaps this was a specialty number , but it points the way .
there is also some antediluvian foley work in the home shots , feet clumping along the floor , utensils clattering on dishes and doors latching and .
they are loudly annoying , but definitely added sounds .
however , unless you are afflicted with a technical curiosity in such things , you can skip this one .

-1
director frank lloyd won the academy award for directing this rather ponderous telling of the romance between admiral horatio nelson and lady emma hamilton .
we do not know what the standard was used at the time for voting , but it must have been a curious one .
i have always had the feeling for the first ten ( 10 ) years of the award that deals were cut in smoke filled .
academy awards were given less on merit , but that each studio got a share of the prizes deserving or not .
the divine lady ( 1929 ) features a strong supporting cast though its two ( 2 ) leads are rather lack luster .
griffith had a rather limited appeal and victor varconi was being groomed for a leading man a role which he was unsuited for .
later he would find success as a character actor .
ms. griffiths ' career would not outlast the silent era , but she did have her million $ as consolation .
the film does feature the battle of the nile and trafalgar .
though short they were fairly well done .
using a combination of full scale mock-ups and large miniatures .
the film was remade as that hamilton women ( 1941 ) aka lady hamilton .
a alexander korda production it featured real life lovers vivian leigh and laurence olivier .
it is a handsomely mounted film with the actors giving a skilled performance and we rate it imdb eight ******** stars .

-1
... instead it is a clash of musical styles .
it ca n't figure out if it wants to accentuate the jazz of tommy christian and his collegians and the accompanying eccentric dancing , or the operatic style of singing that is ruby 's ( as betty ) .
the plot veers wildly , opening on the celebration of a boat race being won by burdette university 's crew team due to the prowess of tommy ( tommy christian ) .
all of this seems strange for a couple of reasons - one being that sports are never mentioned again in the film , and another being that tommy christian is very slender and and does not strike me as the athletic type .
it 's a tale of love ( tommy and betty ) , an interloper that does her best to break up the romance and just cause trouble in general ( lucy ames as lulu ) , and a dean who is shocked !
... shocked i say !
... to discover that college kids like to hang out at nightclubs and drink - i mean prohibition made it illegal !
.
finally there are the police that just do n't make arrests at a speakeasy , but take the apprehended back to their `` college gang `` and give lectures and pressure those arrested to put the finger on who else was there .
i 'm sure the police would have been unable to solve murders and robberies if they had exhibited such nanny state behavior during prohibition - it would have taken up all of their time .
the famous scene of the incompetent chorines is not what it is cracked up to be and comes at the end .
i watched this scene carefully and it is typical of cinematic choreography in 1929 - with camera movement being so limited the chorus is confined to doing splits and simple routines that do not involve much movement .
i saw no `` botched splits `` in which the dancers attempt a split , get halfway to the floor , and give up , as has been reported .
instead they do a partial split and then reposition themselves so that they curl their legs underneath themselves when they reach the floor .
is there bad acting , cheap sets , and a mundane plot ?
most certainly .
is it the worst thing i 've ever seen coming out of the dawn of sound musicals ?
certainly not .
this very short film is now available from alpha video , and the public domain print they are circulating is not half bad if you want to give it a try .

-1
reversing the usual form , for the 50-minute grapevine condensation , the storyline has been cut to the bone rather than the musical numbers .
they seem reasonably complete , but what a pity the sound is so bad !
you get the impression that the track was recorded in stereo but that only one mike was working , causing the other to draw a blank that is undercutting rather than enhancing the sound .
it almost certainly did n't happen that way , but somewhere along the line the track was obviously re-recorded .
that 's a shame , because i think tommy christian and his collegians are so terrific that it 's worth putting up with all the defects on this dvd 's sound track to be able to listen to them .
admittedly tommy is a bit of a artist , but are n't they all ?
lucy ennis does manage to push tommy aside to give us a song and jack j. clark is in there with a tap dance .
other names include art barnett , ruby and lucy ames .
the director -- if such a movie can be said to have a director -- was charles j. hunt .
the film editor is wisely keeping his name under wraps .
`` howdy , broadway `` is undoubtedly the worst edited movie of all time .
during the first two reels , i counted over fifty mismatched shots .
i 'll admit the broadway sequences staged a remarkable improvement over the college scenes -- but maybe this occurred simply because director charles j. hunt wisely did n't shoot any covering angles for the broadway material .

-1
while buying a gift for his daughter , widower walter huston ( as robert rossiter ) finds french salesclerk claudette colbert ( as joyce ) to be both pretty and helpful .
soon thereafter , a chance meeting leads to an over two year affair .
apparently succumbing to his snooty massachusetts relatives , mr. huston decides not to marry below his station , and develops an `` understanding `` agreeable to ms. colbert .
it could n't be that huston is listening to his perpetually drunk pal charles ruggles ( as charlie tayler ) , who warns huston to stay away from brunettes .
colbert is considered a `` jezebel `` among huston 's friends and relations .
becoming aware of their father 's affair , teenage children tom brown ( as robert `` bob `` rossiter jr. ) and patricia deering ( as josephine `` jo `` rossiter ) decide to meet colbert , who shares a new york apartment with huston .
young mr. brown telephones colbert with dire health news .
to turn the tables on the tricky kids , colbert tells them she and huston 's upcoming trip to europe is also going to be a honeymoon .
but , it 's just a cruise .
this is how `` the lady lies `` gets its title .
the film is probably most interesting as a chance to see the then stage actress claudette colbert in an early starring appearance ( showing plenty of profile ) .
**** the lady lies ( ) hobart henley ~ walter huston , claudette colbert , tom brown , charles ruggles

-1
you 'd hardly know that a year later mgm put norma shearer in the divorcee which glows with mgm technical know how .
how far they came in one year .
cheney is a very stagey early talkie .
the camera hardly moves .
shearer is her usual charming self and rathbone does well in a romantic leading role .
they are all very careful to speak clearly and slowly into the microphone source which does mitigate against a naturally flowing dramatic scene , but the play is a sturdy and fun warhorse so one can enjoy oneself if one 's expectations are not too high .
oh , by the way , the plot involves a ring of upper class jewel thieves who infiltrate themselves into society to prey on their victims .
there are some clever twists in the script and true love conquers all .
an oscar nom for best screenplay adaptation .

-1
other comments mention some innovative camera work in this film , but what you 'll remember first is the stiff , stagy acting .
and yet , you 'll keep watching right up to the ridiculous deus-ex-machina ending because the movie is n't terrible enough to make you turn it off .
and there are some points of interest .
one , oddly enough , is the set .
devereaux 's bachelor pad has gothic architectural details worthy of dracula 's castle .
funny that as a playboy with no visible means of support ( blackmail , perhaps ) , he should be able to afford such a magnificent place .
another would be barbara stanwyck with a horrendous 1920 's hairdo , overacting like she probably never did again .
i never believed that she would be so much in love with a husband who looks twice her age and has all the passion and animation of a dead codfish .
another would be the villain of the piece , played by rod la roque as the ultimate lounge lizard with the a perfectly sleazy pencil-thin mustache and a leering , mocking manner to match .
but i believed all that far more than i believed his change of heart at the end .
and finally , standing out like a beacon among the minor players , is zazu pitts as the ditsy switchboard operator .
very funny .

-1
all great stars had to start somewhere , and for barbara stanwyck , it was on broadway .
the play `` burlesque `` made her famous and brought her to the attention of film producers .
it would take a man named frank capra to get ahold of her and teach her to love the camera and teach the camera to love her .
but between `` burlesque `` on broadway and `` ladies of leisure `` , stanwyck made several films in which she did her best to find her niche ' on screen .
`` the locked door `` and `` mexicali rose `` are the two i 've seen , and in each , i have to admit that my favorite actress of the 30 's and 40 's just had n't found her place yet .
it does n't help that the films are stagy , filmed like old theatre melodramas , and are stiff and rigid .
stanwyck has presence ; she just needed the right svengali to come along and show her the way .
`` the locked door `` is certainly better than `` mexicali rose `` ( the brooklyn gal as a latina ?
) , but not much better .
rod la rocque is the slimy villain she fights off then defends her sister-in-law from ; he is an exile of the silent movies , a character that has thankfully faded from view in films , tv and theatre except for parody ( most memorably in the broadway musical `` the drowsy chaperone `` ) .
no one else in the cast really is worth mentioning except for zasu pitts as the chatty operator who adds on some much needed laughs .
thankfully this has been rescued from obscurity by recent tcm airings , one of the last stanwyck films i needed to see to complete my viewing of all her work .
as stanwyck herself proclaimed , `` they never should have opened the damned door ! ``

-1
other than the fact that this was barbara stanwyck 's second film and talkie debut , believe me there is n't any other reason to remember the locked door .
it 's a rather turgid melodrama with some stock company heroes and villains .
it might very well have been a play on the cotton blossom , but for its urban setting .
barbara stanwyck showed something in this film though , she would n't have had the career she had if she did n't .
you can definitely spot the star quality with her .
the film is based on a broadway play by channing pollock that ran 187 performances during the season .
the subject of prohibition was new at that time , by 1929 it was old hat .
in any event it 's only part of the story .
stanwyck and snidely whiplash villain rod larocque are on a floating gambling and drinking boat when it 's raided .
they both jump bail and go their separate ways , stanwyck thanking the deity she had no further involvement with larocque .
but that 's not what fate has in store for her .
she marries william boyd , a widower with daughter betty bronson .
guess who bronson tells dear old dad and step mom who she 's involved with .
when both stanwyck and boyd go to confront larocque , but separately , that 's when the action really starts .
one thing i will say in favor of the film , the camera work reminded me a whole lot of alfred hitchcock 's famous one set films , rear window and rope , because the story takes place in the last half in larocque 's apartment .
but the hammy acting and melodramatic plot date this film terribly .
still barbara stanwyck 's personality certainly stands out .

-1
before you can get to see `` cannibal capers `` and a few other ` special ' cartoons on the `` walt disney treasures : more silly symphonies `` dvd set , you are forced to watch an introduction by leonard maltin .
he talks about the times in which they were made and how politically incorrect the films are .
i am not against this , but hate how once you view it , you must always view maltin 's speech again if you come back to any of the offensive cartoons .
the same thing happens in some of the other treasures dvds -- such as the second donald duck set .
my assumption why this was among the few ` bad ' cartoons in the set that needed a special introduction is that it uses the word dwarfs .
it could also be because they are rolling a barrel of beer .
all i know is that the dwarfs in question look more like brownies or pixies -- and i do n't think any attempt was being made to make fun of dwarfism or little people .
perhaps there 's something else about this one that offends that i am missing .
all i knew is that compared to the rest of the films on the dvd , this one is pretty dull .

-1
`` pointed heels `` is a very talkative 70 minutes - always lovely visually , it boasts excellent production values .
fay wray never looked more lovely and , as usual , she is not required to act .
william powell , in his first top-billed movie , was as dapper as he would ever be .
helen kane was defiantly a presence to be reckoned with .
hopefully , she was never again forced to appear as a platinum blonde ... even for comic effect .
it 's not funny .
a strong personality and veteran performer , she could still tend to cloy - without proper direction .
proper direction is completely foreign to `` pointed heels . ``
the story concerns the love affair between hard working showgirl , wray , and spoiled rich phillips holmes .
skeets gallagher and his wife , kane , are in the musical show , pointed heels , that wray and holmes are also working on .
william powell is the kindly producer with an eye for miss wray and almost a determination to doom the show - for no particular reason .
inexplicably wray ignores him and goes for the boring holmes .
miss kane and mr. gallagher work hard to make sense of the badly contrived musical numbers .
finally , they are thrown into the finale right after powell has gotten them `` stinko `` drunk - to try to loosen them up and make them `` less high class . ``
well , that 's one way to do it .
the embarrassing finale is sung and danced by the drunken kane and gallagher without benefit of a chorus line or any sort of backup .
the considerable number of showgirls running around in the background gives one the feeling that there were chorus numbers filmed but somehow chopped from the movie by the ( in this case ) hack editor , jane loring .
after kane and gallagher stagger through their closing number , powell proclaims pointed heels , ( the name of the show within the show ) , a `` hit , `` which signals the end of the whole odious affair .
there are two clever songs , `` ai n't cha `` and `` i have to have you , `` both nicely tailored for the adorable miss kane .
too bad she was n't allowed to do them her way .
it would appear she did them while under orders rather than under direction .
then there is holmes ' `` unfinished symphony `` - which keeps threatening to finish .
fortunately the film finishes first .
this movie is for 1 .
the initiated , 2 .
the die hard fan , and 3 .
the film student .
this reviewer recommends it to these three overlapping groups ... some of whom will probably love it .
for those who wonder if there are actually any good prints in existence the answer is `` yes . ``
this film has been on television within the last 25 years .
there is also a well founded rumor that a good nitrate print of it exists at the ucla archive .
the existence of the original color sequences is uncertain , as this reviewer only has access to a 16mm black and white print which is complete but lacks the element of color .
pointed heels was directed by a. edward sutherland .
written by florence and john v. a. weaver based on a story by charles brackett ( long before his legendary collaborations with billy wilder ) .
editing by jane loring .
shame shame on a. edward sutherland and jane loring ... the two heels most responsible for pointed heels .
it could have been so much better .
the real winners are those who did the art direction , sets and costumes ... all of which are stunning .
the best argument for the production 's existence is the rare appearance of helen kane .
anyone familiar with her knows she was capable of a far better performance .
paramount musicals are often elusive , so one should seriously think twice before passing up an opportunity to see one ... and that includes this one .

-1
after two of four straight interminably labored scenes that open this early sound primitive it becomes apparent the filmmakers are content just to capture the turgid dialog in flower potted mikes .
the racketeer is one numb clunker of poor pacing and bad acting .
sartorial resplendent racket chief mahlon keane ( robert armstrong ) is living the good life by way of prohibition and other illegal activities .
upbeat , good natured and generous he thinks nothing of putting a fifty dollar bill in a musician 's pocket to prevent him from being nailed for vagrancy .
in this particular case it will come back to haunt him both personally and professionally when he gets mixed up with the violinist 's former wife rhoda ( carole lombard ) who is struggling to get tony vaughn back on his feet and back onto the concert stage .
with a big assist from keane he gets his chance but shows his gratitude by trying to wrest his ex back from him .
as the dapper racketeer armstrong looks and carries himself convincingly but sometimes is left with nothing to say from one sluggish scene to the next .
lombard rotates between strident and flat while roland drew 's tony serves up thick slices of ham .
howard higgins direction does seem to be relegated to making sure the microphone is on but given the pedestrian audio should nevertheless be commended for trying to capture it on actual city streets , albeit poorly and unimaginatively .

-1
new york city racketeer robert armstrong ( as mahlon `` `` keane ) helps beautiful divorcã©e carole lombard ( as rhoda philbrooke ) reform boozing roland drew ( as anthony `` tony `` vaughan ) , then wants her hand in marriage .
she feels loyalty toward mr. armstrong , but ms. lombard apparently left her millionaire husband for mr. drew , who can play the violin beautifully when he 's not drinking .
this early sound film features some poor line delivery and a few good camera angles .
unfortunately , there is too much of the former and not enough of the latter .
**** the racketeer ( ) howard higgin ~ robert armstrong , carole lombard , roland drew , paul hurst

-1
this is the first sound version of alfs subsequent films being made by the crazy gang in 1937 and 1959 .
the second version is by far the version features pat and who were the danish equivalent of laurel and is the case with many films of 1929 the first half has synchronised music and after about half an hour it suddenly bursts out into is just as well because the first half is overburdened with inter titles , which are generally funnier than the action they are supposed to problem with this film is the limiting nature of a magic of the great comic effects from the crazy gang eg `` strike me pink `` and the bear eating the leading man up a tree in carpet is used to go to a middle east kingdom to rescue the ingã©nue 's told it is not particularly funny the material waiting for its finest hour to sound version lasts just under an silent version will last a lot longer as it runs at just 16 frames per minute .

-1
now our generation has become sort of accustomed to the horror caused by individuals and groups from all classes of society these days .
nonetheless , i was still repulsed watching this one .
so i can only imagine how people 85 years ago may have reacted to eye-opening sequences like the cut-off hand , the ant scenes , the rotting horse corpses , a woman being hit full-speed by a car or a man visually shot to death , all packed into only slightly more than 20 minutes .
is it art when we see an eye being cut open bleeding out .
do we need a camera move to a night sky afterward for a scene to turn from unnecessary depiction of violence into mind-blowing cinema ?
i do n't think so .
i do n't believe movies have to have plots to be considered quality .
but they do need more than the occasional symbolism packed in a cocoon of disturbing visuals .
this one 's only worth the watch if you see it from the point of view of a person born around the turn of the 20th century .
if that is even possible .

-1
famous silent film director d. w. griffiths gave us this plodding straightforward historical biopic of the sixteenth president of the united states .
as one of griffiths ' few attempts at ` talkies ' , abraham lincoln is by no means outstanding .
like other films of the period , some of the actors ( especially ian keith as j.w . booth and walter huston as lincoln ) overact their gestures and facial expressions .
while others overcompensate for the new medium and seem to play their roles too subtly ( una merkel 's ann rutledge ) .
the film tells the story of lincoln 's rise from humble roots to become one of the most accomplished american orators of all time , while retaining the plain-spoken character that endeared him to the nation .
the film uses an appreciative tone , and does not fairly represent lincoln 's considerable political acumen and the very calculated campaign strategies which put him in office .
instead , griffiths chose to present lincoln as the good , but somewhat melancholic president we know him to have been .
the story is told in a series of vignettes depicted in scenes of about equal length - probably a limitation of the film technology available at the time .
this mode of presentation does nothing to reduce the boredom factor .
most of the lines are pronounced very clearly with lengthy unnatural pauses between each line .
clearly , griffiths was a little uncomfortable in the new sound medium and did not wish to experiment a great deal with it .
the film picks up a bit as the civil war becomes its main focus .
and some of the battle scenes are classic griffiths ' near-silent cinematography .
however , even this is somewhat muted by the scenes of the president brooding over the dispatches he receives from his generals describing defeat after defeat .
recommended for early film buffs and young lincoln afficionados only

-1
this is the story of president abraham lincoln from his birth to his assassination .
we see him grow up and become a wild character and we see him fall in love only to lose her to death and then struggle for a long time trying to get over her .
we see him fall for another woman and how she helped him get to become one of the greatest presidents of our time .
we get to see the civil war start and him stand his ground to preserve the union and make this country one country truly united and to free slavery .
we see how one angry actor who stood against views took his life and destroyed a good man , but his legacy and the things he stood for as president lived on .
i knew some of the basics about abe from school , but here the way he was presented i gained much more respect for the man .
the guy playing him did such a wonderful job .
i must admit all of the actors here were so amazing .
this is an old movie but it was just a beautiful thing to set through .
d.w. griffith is one of the great directors of our time , in 1930 there was maybe only 1 other person that could compare and that was fritz lang .
griffiths work here is ace .
i loved the shots , i loved the way they were set up and shot and his editor did a fine job as well .
the sound was bad , but it was old and i have a cheap dvd version of it so it is possible a better version is available .
so from a great story , to the beautiful direction and great acting and even the aging of lincoln , i must say this was a great film ... if you like movies about history , or are a fan of films from the early days of cinema , then this is for you .
i liked it and give it 4/10 stars .
thats pretty good coming from me , im the hardest movie critic to please .

-1
1st watched - 4 out of 10 ( griffith ) : ok film about abraham lincoln 's life is definitely a good piece of history for america but not a great movie .
one of the two d.w. griffith talkies in existence is definitely grand in scale for it 's time and uplifting from an american standpoint .
the problem is that it almost comes across too much like it 's stamped with an american label .
lincoln 's faults are not really well explored and he 's portrayed as a savior to the country ( the union must be preserved ! !
was his favorite saying ) -- without question .
walter huston 's portrayal is good but the makeup is better especially in the later years .
this is a technically well made film and griffith does some good montage sequences to bring us from scene to scene but watching this movie is almost like reading a history book .
granted , lincoln is a treasured part of america , but still a human being in my book .
this was made during a time when we wanted our heroes unlike today where we like to see all sides of individuals .
therefore , the movie does n't age well .
sure this is a good bit of history that can be viewed in a classroom but not enjoyed in a movie house .
again , maybe our enlightened age just the viewing , but i have to say it how i see it .

-1
it refuses to fly .
the whole thing constitutes 90 minutes of parasitic drag .
general maclellan might have directed this .
it has `` a case of the slows . ``
it begins with abraham lincoln 's birth .
there are extensive scenes of lincoln ( walter huston ) tentatively courting ann rutledge ( una merkel ) .
they both move and speak slowly .
the flirtation drags along .
merkel gets sick and dies with huston by her side .
she has long slow last words -- many long slow last words .
nine years later , john ford zipped through all this in a few minutes .
we did n't even see ann rutledge die , just a half frozen river accompanied by a few tragic chords in al newman 's score .
i understand that d. w. griffith practically invented the grammar of the moving picture -- the cross-cutting , the invisible editing , the close up -- but he could n't do a thing with this steven vincent benet script , nor with the images we see on the screen .
the close ups are an embarrassment .
the actors are made up so emphatically that their lips and eyes might be seen from the most distant row of the balcony .
one wonders whether griffith really believed that abraham lincoln was such a great president .
after all , from the director 's point of view , lincoln was on the wrong side of the civil war .
but maybe griffith did admire lincoln .
maybe he thought , `` well , at least lincoln gave us thanksgiving . ``
but nothing can excuse a film that seems to have been shot in a vast tank of molasses .
there 's something to be said for quitting while you 're ahead .

-1
i can understand how this film would have been so well-received back when it first came out , but quite simply , time has not been kind to this movie .
in my opinion , this film is far too slow-moving and simplistic to be considered a masterpiece , much like most of the early films that are considered classics today .
this film was far too tame to have an impact on me , and i must confess that i found it to be frequently boring as well .
i can certainly appreciate the effort that was put forth , and i can recognize that a great deal of talent worked on this film , but by today 's standards , this movie just does n't measure up .

-1
... but for the rest of you out there seeking pure entertainment i 'd pass on this one .
every single star of the four i give it are for the chance to observe in one 50 minute film almost everything that went wrong with early talking pictures - that is , when things did go wrong .
you ca n't learn this stuff by watching `` singin in the rain `` folks .
the film opens in an interesting fashion with ms. griffith singing a nifty little ballad entitled `` they 'll never believe me `` wearing a dress and head gear with so many bows she looks like a christmas present , but it 's downhill from there .
the story is that of your basic fallen woman ( corinne griffith as hester ) and how she fell and why she chooses to remain fallen and if and why she is ever redeemed .
hester is a clerk in a small town department store in demopolis , virginia who is loved by gerald ( grant withers ) , the department store bookkeeper .
she is apparently subject to ridicule by the other members of the town and she lives on the wrong side of the tracks - literally .
she goes home to her aunt 's boarding house one day , sees her aunt in her dingy kimono entertaining some man whom she calls `` the boss `` - who this guy is exactly is one of many things never explained - looks at the kitchen full of dirty dishes and walls splattered with food and sees her future , and she does not like the view .
she it out of town with nothing but her hat and the clothes on her back accompanied by a splashy traveling salesman who takes her to new york .
she immediately trades up from the salesman to being the mistress of wealthy charles wheeler ( montagu love ) , and from there i 'll let you watch and see what happens .
everyone reviewing here is very hard on ms. griffith , but to be honest every single player in this production is acting like they are reciting lines from a high school play .
everyone , that is , with the exception of louise beavers who is the only performer in the film who acts like they have a pulse and an idea of who their character is supposed to be .
then there is grant withers who i actually liked in a couple of the early wb with his snappy delivery , but here he is saddled with a ridiculous blonde wig and gee whiz dialogue that makes him seem like a twelve year old in a grown man 's body .
as for the art design , forget about it .
the movie opens in the year 1913 or 1914 - not exactly sure which - yet everybody is dressed like it is 1930 through the whole film , including the women wearing dresses that partially show their knees which would have gotten you arrested at the time .
when the film opens everyone is driving horse drawn carriages , but by four years later - 1917 - when hester revisits her hometown of demopolis with her new york gang , they are driving model a 's , which were n't ' even produced until 1927 .
and yes , i freeze-framed the film and looked it up .
the title cards would have you believe hester is living a most debauched life with hammy sentences like `` while some lay down their lives others laid down their honor `` but other than her being the mistress of a rich man and partaking of some light prohibition era drinking , i ca n't see anything wild going on here .
believe me , the so called `` party scenes `` would put that master of cinematic orgies , cecil b. demille , fast to sleep .
i 'd like to lay this entire mess at the feet of the director , but , alas , there is no director to blame !
there is no director listed in the credits of the film and this database has william seiter listed as only the uncredited director .
i do n't blame him .
i would n't want my name associated with this either .
if you like film history , then you know that there is no such thing as bad film history , and i advise you watch this film for all the reasons i 've given .
i 'd certainly like to know what jack warner thought when he saw it .

-1
this boy friends short begins oddly -- just like a few other of hal roach 's early talking shorts .
the same set of twins introduces the movie and reads off the credits -- then the actual story begins .
like the other boy friends films , this one has mickey daniels ( originally from roach 's our gang series ) and grady sutton -- along with several other cast members you 'll see later ( whose composition changed a lot in the following films ) .
sutton and daniels are on a train -- the widest train i 've ever seen on a film !
they annoy a young lady and their friend dave ( david sharpe ) arrives and tells them he 's going to work for grady 's uncle ed ( edgar kennedy ) .
when grady stops by to see uncle ed , he and mickey are told by the uncle that both of them are also going to work for him -- and he 's already talked to their parents about this .
apparently , during this summer vacation the lazy college students will not be having fun !
grady gives in -- but mickey is determined to do whatever job is easiest and asks to become a store detective .
and , naturally , mickey makes a mess of everything .
while this film is n't bad , it is n't that great either .
part of the problem is mickey daniels ' trademark laugh .
some people thought it was funny -- i felt it was truly horrific .
i did , however , like seeing sharpe 's .
while there really was no reason for his backflips , they were pretty remarkable .
too bad this might just be the best part of the film !
passable entertainment and nothing more .

-1
for a long time , during the 30s and 40s , there were a lot of low-budget films based on life during the 19th century , that we now call black-and-white b-westerns .
they are known for their bad acting , very quiet gunshot sound effects , and fairly routine story lines and plots .
this film , a fictionalized screen version of the classic story of billy the kid and the lawman pat garrett , is another one of them .
and it , unfortunately , is one of the weaker out of them all .
that being said , it 's very slow , has weak development and uninteresting characters , and does n't have much to show for itself .
billy the kid is portrayed here by john mark brown , whose performance was ... okay for a b-western .
there were a few moments where brown 's really deep voice just made it seem like billy the kid was retarded .
such as this one scene , where he 's mad over a friend being killed , somebody mentions his name , and he goes `` what do you want ? ``
in a low , voice .
but i will say that despite this one aspect , brown 's expression in his acting was very good and he did pull off a good job as looking as if he was skilled with a six-gun .
wallace beery was perhaps the best actor on the set .
but despite two good performances , the movie is still very slow and a bore .
it lacks a lot of action and because the gunshot sound effects are so quiet , the few moments of action are n't that impressive .
and sometimes , they go by too fast .
a moment where a character gets blasted by a shotgun , it seems as if the filmmakers shot it in a shot , but when it was edited , the film jumped from the gun about to fire , to the gun having already been fired .
that or my memory just serves by poorly .
but i do well remember a part where the sound effects were so quiet , we were wondering just what a character was doing as he stood around , staggering fakely .
and what was also majorly disappointing was the ending .
not only was it totally fictional , but it ended in a totally undramatic way .
wallace beery just smiles and we cut to the `` the end `` title card .
no music , nothing .
if i remember right , there was no music in the entire movie from start to finish .
i think it could have at least had some music , for it would have boosted it up in quality and entertainment ... a little bit .

-1
a little bit of research on the broadway database website confirms that the play captain applejack ran for 195 performances in the .
it 's the kind of fluff that people went to the theater to see back in the day , but would n't have any great audience today .
watching it this morning two things struck me .
it reminded a whole lot of george m. cohan 's seven keys to baldpate which also takes place on a windswept stormy night with a group of strange characters intruding on someone 's privacy .
further research shows that the producer on broadway was sam harris , cohan 's producing partner who probably thought he had another similar show on his hands .
i also thought how perfect leslie howard or ronald colman would have been for the part .
the film would be more well known today had either of them done it , though john halliday does a fine job in the lead .
he plays a comfortable squire with an estate in cornwall who yearns for a more exciting life and expresses same to ward mary brian .
before long he 's besieged by visitors who are giving him all kinds of stories and he discovers the family fortune may have had its foundation in stolen pirate loot .
captain applejack is a most dated item , fortunate indeed to have been preserved in both a silent and sound film .
i doubt you 'll see it revived on broadway any time soon .

-1
only big screen version of the classic radio and tv duo concerns the pairs attempt to make a go of a taxi service and getting involved in the goings on at a posh estate .
i 'm not going to get into any sort of discussion of the leads , the creators and stars of the radio show , playing their characters in black-face since it was largely on the outs when the film was made .
instead i 'll talk about the movie itself which is an okay , at best , representation of the series as a movie .
the problems here are many .
first off the script is not up to the radio show .
i 'm not a fan of the radio show but i know i laughed more at one episode of the show than i did in the entire 75 minutes of this film .
next the film , made in the early days of sound , is more than a tad archaic in its handling of many sequences which seem to play out as if on a stage .
i could go on but there is n't really a point .
the film is more a footnote to the story of amos and andy and not really a chapter .
best viewed by big fans of the characters or those inclined to see historical footnotes .

-1
just why is it that people are offended at amos and andy today ?
it ca n't be the jokes , the bad grammar , the ignorance .
i can show examples of that in a whole lot of films without a black face in them .
i do remember as a kid seeing the television version of amos and andy and later on watching such shows as sanford and son and good times , i 'd be hard pressed to see the difference in the humor .
but you have to see check and and realize that it was a pair of white who were playing these characters .
and playing them servile .
note right at the beginning of the film as the fresh air taxi was holding up traffic and a cop asks them to move along .
note the tone he takes with them and note the `` yassuh `` response that both of them give .
later on amos and andy are busy reminiscing about the good old days on the plantation back in georgia before they came to harlem .
back in georgia dealing with klan and lucky to be making enough money to exist on as sharecroppers .
of course you know they 're going to help the son of the old plantation owner .
the plot as it is check and has the son of that former plantation owner previously described looking for the deed to an old abandoned house in harlem so he can claim title , sell it , and be rich enough to marry his intended .
his path crossed that of amos and andy who are on a kind of treasure hunt for their mystic knights of the sea lodge .
the intended bride is played by sue carol who left acting to become an agent and her most famous client was her fourth and last husband alan ladd .
also in the film are duke ellington and his orchestra .
ellington made his screen debut here and he played himself in several films after this .
for that reason this film should be seen , to hear one of the great jazz bands of the last century .
the premise they bring ellington in is in itself ridiculous .
remember this film is made in 1930 and while ellington played at harlem 's cotton club he did n't get too many bookings at westchester society parties .
but that 's what this film would have you believe .
that crowd would have more likely hired leo reisman or ray noble .
and of course the band gets there via the fresh air taxi company .
singing with the band are the rhythm boys , recently detached from paul whiteman 's orchestra which included their lead singer bing crosby .
according to gary recent biography of crosby , ellington was dissatisfied with the vocal group he had and had rko hire the rhythm boys to sing offstage while three black performers .
that is one ironic twist of fate .
later on bing and his partners , al and harry barris recorded their song from this film three little words with duke ellington 's orchestra which was a mega hit back in the day .
even with a hit song coming from this film , check and created no big demand for amos and andy films .
freeman gosden and charles correll stayed on radio for another 25 years with their characters .
maybe just as well they only made one more film appearance in the all star big broadcast of 1936 .

-1
` forty winks ' is one of the very last felix the cat cartoons from his original ( otto messmer ) period , but it 's so crude that i mistook it for one of his very early efforts .
the toon is technically a talkie ; it was released with a soundtrack , but the audio consists entirely of noises and ` rhubarb ' voice-work .
also , there 's no real plot here : just a string of gags on the theme of sleep , or trying to get to sleep .
first , felix and a quartet of feline felix clones are yowling while a man is trying to sleep ; then felix encounters various obstacles in his own attempts to tryst with morpheus .
one thing which impresses me about the felix toons ( credit for this likely goes to pat sullivan , their producer ) is the extensive re-use of character cels from one cartoon to the next ... so that , for instance , when felix paces back and forth , or when he belly-laughs , cels from earlier felix toons are re-used so as to save time , labour and expense .
this actually impresses me positively , not negatively , because it 's done very well and is only discernible if one has seen several and has a good memory .
in ` forty winks ' , i was also impressed by two different examples of ` cycle ' animation , in which the same background art keeps passing the camera repeatedly -- in one case the usual horizontal cycle , in the other case a much less typical vertical cycle , as felix plummets off a wall and keeps passing the same group of bricks while he falls .
the worst ( and most overdone ) examples of cycle animation were done by hanna-barbera , who notoriously had fred flintstone passing the same tree over and over and over and bloody over .
messmer is using the same device here , but using it with far more subtlety so that it 's less noticeable ( and much less annoying ) .
in this same cartoon , i was impressed with an animation sequence of some toy soldiers marching : presumably inspired by the 1903 stage operetta ` babes in toyland ' .
all of the felix toons from the messmer period feature bizarre gags involving felix 's detachable tail , which conveniently morphs into any object he needs .
i laughed at one gag here , when felix 's tail interlocks with two exclamation marks emanating from his head to form a helicopter rotor , rendering felix airborne .
alas , that 's the only time i laughed in this below-average felix cartoon , which i 'll rate a mere 4 out of 10 .
sleep tight , felix !

-1
as the first mobster to make a big dent in cinema , rico `` little caesar `` bandello deserves respect .
but does he make for a great movie ?
i say no .
after a final gas station hold-up , rico ( edward g. robinson ) and pal joe massara ( douglas fairbanks jr. ) breeze into the big city to score with mob boss sam vettori ( stanley fields ) and his crew .
soon rico is the one running things , but will his itchy trigger finger and habitual run him afoul of police sergeant flaherty ( thomas e. jackson ) ?
`` the bigger they come , the harder the fall , `` rico boasts .
`` i ai n't doin ' bad in this business so far . ``
the problem with `` little caesar `` is obvious from the start and more so as the film progresses : rico is an idiot .
he only makes it as far as he does because all the hoods he messes with , like sam , are even dumber .
when he takes over sam 's gang , he just tells sam he 's through and that 's that .
when he wants to make a statement about running things , he throws a party and invites the papers .
when he starts shooting , he zaps the new crime commissioner and then tells everyone to mind not to say nothing about it .
maybe if the film showed this to be dumb behavior , i 'd feel a little different .
but instead this is suggested as being the typical road to hoodlum hegemony , and highly effective if not for a human foible or two that slip rico up .
robinson stands out in the flawed proceedings almost as much by default as by his considerable talent .
he 's great with his rough banter , and his flourishes with his cigar , but he is playing a snidley whiplash caricature and it shows .
it reminds me of another actor who made his big splash in movies the same year , bela lugosi in `` dracula . ``
both films are atmospheric potboilers focused on a single over-the-top villain .
both are sadly diminished by time with their formulaic conventions , weak supporting cast , and creaky early-sound production .
when `` little caesar `` wants to project menace , we see rico warn people `` my gun 's gon na speak its piece , `` only he does n't really do much with it .
fairbanks is lost as a lamb in a hurricane playing joe , especially when he hooks up with glenda farrell and tries to make his break from rico , a matter the film pushes into the background until the last 15 minutes .
watching fairbanks and farrell have their clinches reminds you of what was so wrong with early talkies : even in a clinch , the lovers always shouted at each other .
though a pre-code film , `` little caesar `` makes strange concessions to regional censors .
when someone is shot , director mervyn leroy is careful not to show rico or anyone else actually pulling the trigger .
there 's no mention of booze , or vice , or any other illegal activity .
apparently these guys make all their money holding up each other 's parties .
critics looking at the film today scrape for matters of interest such as rico 's possible homosexuality , and the matter of how mob activity might be seen as mirroring big business .
but in the end , what you get here is a thin story featuring a character who defies gravity and convention without doing very much of anything interesting .
maybe i should be more grateful to `` little caesar `` for paving the way to other , better gangster films of the 1930s .
by itself it is a curio more than anything else , testament to one big talent who left a lasting impression but would make his mark on better films to come .

-1
unbelievable and convoluted story elements make this a tough one to struggle through .
it looks like i might be in the minority on this board , but i do n't see a lot here to recommend the picture .
lowell sherman provides about the only competence the film offers in his portrayal of crime boss gene fenmore .
he has a great comeback to would be challenger rocky ( hugh trevor ) for kingpin status - ` jealousy implies equality ' .
that 's the way to put a guy in his place , and i think rocky pretty much knew it too .
as for the young couple at the heart of the story ( marian nixon and william janney ) , how clueless would you have to be to try and rob some high rollers in their own apartment ?
ok , they were trying to get their own money back , but tommy ( janney ) recognized the goon who robbed him , so why not just go to the cops ?
on second thought , that did n't always work out in these era stories either .
especially with an idiot district attorney like the one here .
with the old lights out trick used not once , but twice in the story , this one sort of muddles along until it finally peters out with fenmore 's confession .
which sort of defies credibility , because even though he was ultimately behind the jewel store robbery , a good lawyer would have gotten him off scot free with the inept rocky calling the shots .
but then again , he shot rocky with no witnesses , even if it was self defense .
like rocky said - `` you ca n't be in this racket and have a code of ethics `` .

-1
jack benny , future star one of the most successful radio and television comedy series of all time , starred in this early-talkie for the low-budget small studio tiffany at a time nobody was really sure what benny 's place in the world of the movies was .
at the time he was best-known as an emcee ( and had played that role in the film `` the hollywood revue of 1929 `` the previous year ) , so in this fictional movie he is given a part that is part emcee and part romantic lead as he plays the `` doctor `` running a traveling patent medicine show .
he plays the part well , but his emceeing duties are relegated to one somewhat extraneous scene in the middle of the film that is not terribly well-written and ruined anyway by a truly horribly realized laughter sound effect , and otherwise his talents are squandered in such a bland role as he is asked to play .
this film does n't have too much to recommend it ; the plot is a standard-issue about a girl who falls in love with the benny character instead of the man her father wants her to marry .
the acting on the part of the other actors is rather stiff and forced , with the exception of e. alyn warren , who plays his one-dimension father character to the hilt .
this father is a broad caricature of an evil , overbearing overlord , and he beats his daughter and son violently in a couple of very scenes .
when a movie introduces horrible domestic abuse and suggestions of rape ( from the father 's proposed husband ) as a plot element , does n't ever really deal with them , then expects the film to remain light , frothy , and fun it just is n't going to work .
a couple of attempts at comic relief with a strange woman following 's character from town to town and a member of the show who gives rise to the shocking discovery that sometimes people cheat at monte come off as stilted and long rather than funny .
presumably since this was both an early talkie and made at a smaller studio that might have been slower to adapt to the technology , the sound is often recorded very oddly and poorly , with people randomly getting louder or quieter and always sounding indoors , and crowd noises turning on and off sharply .
this is interesting as a historical curio documenting the traveling medicine show that was a fixture of small-town show business at the time and for its chance to see a young jack benny , but apart from these it 's a pretty stiff film that does n't really seem to know what it wants to be , and is n't a very good example of anything .

-1
when watching the medicine man with jack benny one has to keep in mind that at this stage of his career benny had not yet hit on the lovable tightwad character in which his comedy was built around .
he was just another old vaudeville performer trying to make it in hollywood at a point when studios were signing them up because of some kind of stage training .
benny 's career in film was never all that significant , his primary venue was radio and later television where the tightwad image was so ingrained in your mind , it was what you expected and knew how he would react in a given situation .
that is not the medicine man .
in this film benny is a barker for a medicine show , not a respectable profession .
but for betty bronson and young billy butts , brother and sister , he represents a way to get out from a really horrible life with a cruel and repressive father .
jack does not really cut it as a romantic figure .
but that might have not been his fault .
the inevitable complaint from performers is about typecasting in a particular role .
what was a complaint for most was something benny absolutely relied on later for his comedy to work .
it worked so well that even looking back at films before his hit radio show , he just ca n't be seen in another part .
but he 'd have preferred it that way .

-1
albert ( maurice chevalier ) is a waiter who comes into a fortune .
unfortunately , he has just been persuaded by his boss philibert ( op heggie ) to sign a binding contract which does not allow him to leave his place of employment unless he pays the owner # 400,000 .
well , albert is obviously not very happy about this and he tries to get the sack on a daily basis - this apparently will break the contract - but he does n't succeed .
at the same time he is living the at paris nightclubs .
as a womanizer , albert has a few sticky situations with a couple of women but love manages to win out in the end .
there are a few rare moments of actual funny comedy in this film - chevalier throwing water onto frances dee who plays `` yvonne `` and the scene where he tries to get the sack by making all the customers wait for ages before taking their orders , and then promptly sitting down at a spare table to play cards by himself .
that 's it .
nothing else is funny .
in fact , the film is pretty tedious with a boring duel scene at the end .
the story just peters out and ends with an extremely improbable conclusion .
the women are n't particularly attractive considering that the film is meant to take place amongst the chic set of paris .
i would have thought that chevalier could have chosen a more attractive bunch to hang out with !
and the attraction that frances dee has for chevalier appears out of nowhere - it is very phony stuff .
the music is crap in this film but chevalier is ok in his role .
unlike stupid stuart erwin who plays `` paul `` .
this is a forgettable film .

-1
in alaska , handsome fisherman joel mccrea ( as boyd emerson ) finds a place to stay with gun-wielding saloon girl evelyn brent ( as cherry malotte ) .
she falls in love with him , but he seems more interested in business , where she begins to help .
a lot .
`` the silver horde `` refers a big netting of silvery salmon .
thousands of them .
this story is very rough going , with only a film buff 's cast to keep you interested .
a memorable future co-star for mr. mccrea , young jean arthur ( as mildred wayland ) plays the home girl ... former `` silent `` film star blanche sweet ( as queenie ) appears in the second half .
this was the last feature for ms. sweet , until a 1950s comeback attempt ; perhaps surprisingly , she looks and sounds fine .
mccrea 's nemesis is well-played by gavin gordon ( as frederick marsh ) , who had just made `` romance `` ( 1930 ) with greta garbo .
you can also enjoy a couple of the era 's more appreciated character actors , louis wolheim ( as george ) and raymond hatton ( as fraser ) , mugging it up as a comic relief team .
**** the silver horde ( ) george ~ joel mccrea , evelyn brent , gavin gordon , blanche sweet

-1
six-foot charlotte greenwood is brash , just on the edge of being irritating ; but she is also likeable .
dominating the scenes with amazing energy , she leaps and strides and races through the film .
yet , the movie is hardly up to her vigor .
the plot is quite flimsy and improbable with a scene at the beginning that seems totally out of place .
the film is obviously a vehicle for greenwood , showcasing her talents .
grant withers is good in his role as a husband who does n't wish to be too domesticated .
it 's interesting to note that the men work , apparently , but one never knows at what .
the musical numbers are mediocre .

-1
the brothers folks were the foremost studio when it came to sound .
because of that , i was a bit confused when i watched `` sunny `` as the sound was really , really bad .
it seriously sounded as if the sound was recorded in a telephone booth -- and you were outside trying to listen !
fortunately , the version shown on turner classic movies is captioned and i strongly advise you to turn on your television 's captioning for this film .
you 'll need it !
`` sunny `` stars marilyn miller -- a very talented broadway star who only made three early sound films before dying at age 37 !
the film begins with miller feeling fed up with life in the circus and she disappears dressed as a man .
she then stows away on a ship bound for america -- not realizing her father is in pursuit .
he is determined that she should marry a rich but dreadfully dull brit -- who marilyn keeps referring to as ` the fish ' .
can she manage to make it to america or is it an unhappy marriage to a weenie instead ?
while this film is a bit antiquated , you can clearly see the formula that would become the norm in future musicals of its type .
the film features a few songs ( actually not that many for a musical ) and several dance numbers from miller .
and , true to the formula , a bit of comic relief to keep the overall mood very light .
if it were n't for the bad sound , i 'd strongly encourage you to see it .
in its present form , however , it 's one you might just want to skip .
by the way , in the wedding scene on the ship , how did they get a bridal gown for miller and all the bridesmaids ?
after all , they were in the middle of the ocean and the wedding was unplanned ! !

-1
i have only recently been able to catch up with the films of marilyn miller since they are not shown on tcm in the have been much intrigued over the years because this was one of the superstars of the 20s .
what was she really some stars of this era like jolson some of the magic still shines through , but alas not for dancing seems awkward and poorly choreographed , her singing somewhat limited and as an actress she makes ruby keeler seem like worse in this film as the public had grown tired of musicals virtually all of the musical numbers have been we are left with a comedy of that period with little real was being paid $ for i have only two she was poorly served by the cinema or she had no talent at all.i think that the truth is nearer the later than the former .

-1
seafaring john gilbert ( as jack ) enjoys the rollicking `` love 'em and leave 'em `` lifestyle shared with merchant marine buddies like wallace beery ( as tripod ) and brawling jim tully ( as ginger ) .
the trio of womanizers look for saloons and girls in every port .
but , when mr. gilbert meets blonde leila hyams ( as joan ) , the sailor must choose between manning restless ocean waves , or settling down with ms. hyams ' curves ... the delayed , poorly-edited `` way for a sailor `` was the first of several attempts to restore gilbert 's damaged movie stardom ... beery essays a typically hammy performance ; though second-billed , he was , by now , the bigger box office star .
undoubtedly beery was present to attract more cinema patrons , who would hopefully give gilbert a second look .
unfortunately , most viewers had their misgivings about gilbert reinforced .
the picture simply does not serve him well .
in their scenes together , re-takes seem to have been inserted to enhance ms. hyams ' performance , while gilbert is left looking .
**** way for a sailor ( ) sam wood ~ john gilbert , wallace beery , leila hyams , jim tully

-1
in its day , this must have been a fine picture and i 'm sure it made sam goldwyn a lot of money .
but , after 76 years , this film has not aged well .
in fact , much of the humor seems pretty unfunny nowadays -- especially since some of it is so offensive towards indians and blacks .
cantor in black face and natives who continually say `` ugggh `` were considered funny stereotypes when whoopee was playing on stage and film , but this just provides uncomfortable today .
in fact , considering that so many jokes are based on this , it may be very hard viewing for many , though i also believe you ca n't totally focus on this or else you 'll be throwing out so much of our history .
now i am sure in 1930 they may have meant no harm by these scenes -- nevertheless , this does n't mean they are okay .
apart from these aspects of the film , the jokes seem old and the busby berkeley dance numbers also seem pretty out of date -- though both are pretty risquã© for the time -- with a lot of sexual innuendos !
apart from the bizarre song and dance numbers in flying down to rio , the indian dance from this movie might just be one of the weirdest and most ridiculous numbers of the era .
but the movie still gets a score of 4 because it was very competently made and the two-color technicolor is pretty good for the era ( though of course , nowhere near as nice as the later full color films ) .
plus , it is important historically .
even as a flawed film , it 's good we still have an excellent copy -- this is n't true of a lot of the films from 1930 !
by the way , before you assume i am a confirmed eddie cantor hater , understand that i have given excellent reviews to some of his later films .
but just not this one .

-1
if you ignore the fact that this movie bears only a sketchy resemblance to the excellent novel by sinclair lewis ( the first half of the book is boiled down to about the first 10 minutes of the movie ) and that the title character seems like a jerk , then this movie will probably please you .
otherwise , there are certainly better ronald coleman movies out there .
ronald is a hard-drinking ( though you never see this in the movie ) country doctor that longs to be a researcher looking for cures for a variety of medical problems .
unfortunately , he is 100 % business in the movie and when his wife dies , it seems completely due to his neglect .
this is n't the message lewis wanted us to get from his novel and there are many sub-par moments in this film -- despite being multi-oscar nominated .
this just has n't aged well and the subtlety of the lewis novel is missing .
john ford directs this sub-par flick .

-1
i do n't hate this film , but i 'd certainly never take the time to watch it again , either .
i realize that this is a 1931 film , but it really appears very amateurish in many respects .
first of all is the acting , especially the first 10 minutes or so .
the actors/actresses were horrible - completely unnatural , uncomfortable , and not believable .
second , where are the subtitles for warner oland , bela lugosi , and the actor that played the part of blondie 's ex-husband ?
i seriously could n't understand half of what they said - horrid accents , plus bad mic technique , bad equipment ... all of the above ?
( my copy of this film is great quality , so i think the problem lies in the production .
) this is one of my main beefs with this flick .
third , warner oland did n't seem to portray the warm , lovable chan of later years .
this chan is kind of a nasty , smart-ass .
actually , not too many of the characters here are very likable .
also , who are all the people in blondie 's house when she gets killed ?
why are they there ?
did i miss something ?
we were never ( or not clearly ) introduced to them .
last , who the hell is the that maniac that is chan 's assistant ?
he 's like the rain man on speed .
i kind of hate him and kind of like him at the same time .
i just wanted someone to punch him .
i was very disappointed with this film , and i was shocked to see all the high votes that it received .
i 'm not a big fan of the monogram chan 's , but most were better than this .
only hardcore chan lovers could appreciate this movie .

-1
the charlie chan series has been constantly aired on local tv & cable channels over the last 30 years , but this entry is rarely screened , perhaps due to a mild epithet or several ethnic slurs contained in the dialogue .
in any event , it is one of the most amateurish productions of the entire series , which says a lot considering over half of the episodes were produced by poverty-stricken monogram studios ; this one 's a fox production .
chan ( warner oland ) gets to stay in his in hawaii instead of venturing to the mainland and is involved with an investigation of an actress slain in the midst of a film being made on the island .
turns out that this crime has ties to an unsolved murder in hollywood three years earlier .
suffice it to say that chan solves both crimes in pedestrian fashion , with little of the charm and wit prevalent in other entries .
chief reason for tuning in is the presence of bela lugosi as tarneverro , a phony fortune teller who fancies himself as a detective of sorts .
bela had few opportunities to play straight roles & it 's interesting to watch him attempt something other than a wacked out mad doctor .
lugosi 's `` dracula `` co-star , dwight frye , also pops up , as a butler for the slain actress .
even robert young ( `` marcus welby `` ) has a small part .
poorly staged and exceedingly awkward in places , `` the black camel `` survives as a curio , at best .
for chan completists only !

-1
sylvia sidney was a fine actress who did a whole lot of good films in her career as a leading lady and then in her later years as a portrayer of old jewish .
but i 'm sure she 'd like to forget this one of a young jazz age college girl who gets pregnant with the foreseeable consequences given the mores of 1931 .
however this affords an opportunity to see a young bing crosby with the trio that he was a member of with the paul whiteman orchestra , the rhythm boys .
the other members of the trio are harry barris and al .
they play at a fraternity house party in the first 10 minutes of the film .
shortly after this , bing went out on his own and the rest they say , is history .

-1
i ca n't think of many films that are synonymous with their genre .
dracula is possibly the most iconic horror film of all time .
it had amazing line delivery by bela lugosi , the sets were grandiose and gloomy , and it single-handedly brought about the beginning of the universal monster movie .
when you think of a vampire movie , or dracula in general , you think of the 1931 movie , with lugosi 's thick hungarian accent , long , flowing cap , and dark hair with a prominent widow 's peak .
it 's really too bad that this movie is so terribly boring .
the introduction of the characters renfield and dracula are probably the highlight of the film .
besides the climax of the film , the pace is dismal .
it seems that a lot of these horror films are plagued by this problem and this movie is certainly no exception .

-1
tod browning 's dracula ( 1931 ) is another visually arresting universal monster picture with very little story and character depth .
like frankenstein ( 1931 ) the lighting and the settings of dracula ( 1931 ) create a great tone and mood but the story , the characters and the performances do n't live up to the quality of the images .
again , i can certainly understand why dracula ( 1931 ) was a commercially successful film in the early days of sound films but commercial success does not equate to quality .
the countless cutaways to dracula 's creepy eyes and the image of a the huge stationary bat flapping it 's wings in the window became quite comical after a while as it became quite obvious that the filmmakers had zero trust in the audiences ability to infer anything about the story and needed to be told over and over again the the monster was scary and that he liked to watch people from windows .
the scariest of scary movies tap into real human fears and emotions and a film like dracula ( 1931 ) is so other-worldly and unrealistic that it seems impossible to me that audiences could be genuinely scared or frightened by this film .

-1
shot in 1931 by tod browning ( `` mark of the vampire `` , `` freaks `` ) for universal , this is the first official adaptation of bram stoker 's tale of count dracula ( bela lugosi ) , a vampire leaving his native for england , looking for new young ( and usually female ) victims .
there is no denying the landmark status of `` dracula `` in movie history .
this was the first supernatural thriller produced by an american studio and its success spawned the whole universal horror series ( frankenstein , the wolf-man , ... ) and in some way , the whole horror genre in american cinema .
it crystallized the character of count dracula ( the elegant gentleman dressed in a black cape , nowhere as it looks like in stoker 's novel ) into popular culture and set the standard for all vampire films to come .
it jump-started the career of bela lugosi .
his interpretation of the count , with his and hesitant english , remains iconic .
yet `` dracula `` is not a good movie , even by 1931 standard ( compare it for instance , to james whales ' `` frankenstein `` , released the same year ) .
the first 20 minutes , set in castle dracula , are simply wonderful : the atmospheric gothic set serves as a perfect backdrop to lugosi 's performance .
the scene where dracula and his brides emerge from their coffins remains powerful even today .
but once the action moves to england , the movie becomes am unimaginative bore .
the gothic sets are replaced by mundane well-lit rooms without any atmosphere , a context where lugosi 's performance suddenly appears quite goofy .
i also always found edward von sloan 's overacted performance as dracula 's nemesis van helsing , extremely annoying with his fake german accent .
inspired more by the play than the original novel , the script is too talky .
moreover , universal considered that a movie about a walking corpse was already extremely risquã© and do not dare going to far with the script , hence most of the action seems to happens off screen .
for instance , when van helsing and jonathan harker kills one of dracula 's victim who has turned into a vampire , we know it only because we see them exiting from the cemetery where she was buried .
the movie is barely directed .
apart from a few scenes ( like the one mentioned above with dracula and his brides and attributed usually to cinematographer karl freund ) , browning usually puts his camera at the least imaginative play , never moving it , adding to the feeling that we 're not watching a movie but a filmed stage play .
browning 's lack of interest in the project is also clear by the many goofs and mistakes that can be spotted through the film .
the example of that is renfield 's meeting with dracula at 's pass at the beginning of the movie .
dracula is driving the coach that will carry renfield to the castle and , according to the script , a scarf around his head is hide his face , explaining when renfield meets the count in the castle , he does n't recognize him as the driver of the coach .
dracula wears such a scarf in the spanish version shot at the same time but not in the english speaking version : yet , despite this obvious goof , nobody bothered to reshoot the scene .
browning 's later movie `` mark of the vampire `` , with a much superior performance by lugosi in a dracula-like character , seems almost like an attempt to make-out for `` dracula `` : `` mark of the vampire `` has all the atmosphere and gothic imagery that `` dracula `` lacks past the 20-minute mark .
it remains influential but is , in the end , an extremely disappointing film .

-1
i know it is considered film blasphemy to say that you do n't like this classic , but i do n't .
let me preface my opinion with the fact that i adore old horror movies , bela lugosi , and the dracula story itself .
however , i can think of many many examples utilizing each of those three qualities that are light years ahead of this comedic mess .
there are so many things wrong with the film - dwight frye 's annoying performance , the convoluted mish-mash of a story , the comic segments .
really , other than the iconic images , of which most people are familiar , there really is n't much to champion about this rendition .
bela lugosi is excellent and intense , which only adds to the frustration of everything around him being sloppy and farcical .
`` the vampire bat `` , a poverty-row production also from 1931 and featuring frye , is known for its minuscule budget and even with its many flaws , i found it to be much more enjoyable than `` dracula `` .
for a truly creepy and entertaining story of the count , i recommend hammer 's `` horror of dracula `` - which perfectly captures the gothic mood and style while channeling it through a far superior story and cast .

-1
i know this is `` the classic `` version of dracula .
i know it was made decades ago .
i 'm well aware i 'm gon na be accursed of blasphemy for this .
i know people were easier to scare then .
oh well , might as well get on with it .
the bela lugosi version of dracula was so inaccurate to the book that i actually had trouble following the story .
the francis ford coppola version was much closer to the book .
book ; first few chapters are about johnathan harker 's travels to and stay in transylvania .
renfield already in madhouse by start of movie .
movie ; harker never leaves england , renfield goes instead .
book ; madness seems to fluctuate .
sometimes he seems normal , sometimes he 's even a philosopher , but once he bit dr. stewart 's arm , screaming , `` blood is the life !
blood is the life ! ``
but most of the time , either eating life things or catching flies , spiders and birds so that he can feed them to each other and later eat them .
movie ; you do n't see him acting sane much .
( in an odd way , although it never happened in the book , the scene in the mel brooks version with stewart and renfield in the garden gives a much better example of 's frequent fluctuation between sanity and insanity .
) book ; dracula is described as an old man with werewolf-like features , glowing red eyes and a mustache , and gets younger as he drinks blood .
movie ; not even close .
and , although fangs are alluded to , you never see them .
book ; dracula only ever converses directly with harker .
( although he also yells something at van helsing ) preys on lucy only when asleep and/or sleepwalking .
main characters spend most of their time hunting down dracula and lucy .
movie ; dracula meets and converse with main characters at opera and later at lucy 's house .
( in fact , this seems to mostly be all that happens in the movie .
) book ; if you 've seen any version of dracula you 'll be well aware of the scene with harker and dracula 's three brides .
as well as a child in a sack .
( note to matrix fans ; watch `` bram stoker 's dracula again , you may find it interesting that neo and persephone have `` met `` ) movie ; this happens to renfield , but nothing interesting happens .
book ; dracula 's arrival in england is very similar to eddie murphy 's arrival in new in `` a vampire in brooklyn `` ; a ship with a dead crew crash-lands on the beach , with a cargo full of boxes full of clay , and a wolf jumps out .
movie ; does n't seem to happen .
and only seems to assume the form of a bat .
book ; main characters chase dracula all the way back to transylvania movie ; does n't happen .
movie ; he uses hypnosis on various servants .
book ; well , why the hell not ?
he does , possibly , have some power over lucy , she seems to sleepwalk exactly where dracula wants her to .
other problems with the movie ; - seems to be all talking , almost no action .
- never see dracula 's fangs .
- extremely limited by early censorship - armadillos ?

-1
boring and confusing to watch like many other films of its era .
`` dracula `` is considered to be a classic in the horror movie genre but it is not a good film .
i understand it is dated now a days and it was a major influence in film history at the time .
frankenstein has aged a lot better .
the camera angles and the dialog are awkward and even for a 1930 's movie .
additionally , most scenes tend to drag along becoming very uninteresting .
do n't expect to be able to follow the plot easily unless you have read the novel .
this film may have been terrifying to audiences when it was originally released , but today it lacks enough suspense or action to startle a toddler .
bela lugosi get so much praise for his role as count dracula but i think his performance sucks the whole way through and found it hard to stay awake .
i would recommend this movie to someone interested in seeing the roots of vampire/horror movies but this is definitely not a film for everyone and its not to entertaining at all .

-1
this was the first hollywood version of the celebrated stoker novel about a vampire terrorizing london .
it is regarded as a horror classic , but it has not stood the test of time .
the sets and special effects are cheesy and scenes that were once regarded as scary are now laughable .
these moments of unintentional comedy and impressive cinematography are the only reasons for watching this historical curiosity piece .
lugosi is quite hammy in the role that he is best known for .
however , he is a model of restraint compared to frye , who chews the scenery and spits it out .
the film lacks narrative flow , causing it to drag despite the short running time .

-1
i can in no way believe that there are critics out there that found this superior to the english language version .
although it 's 30 minutes longer , the spanish dracula added no new story ; just stretched out some of the scenes in the english dracula , with characters explaining things that needed no explanation .
browning 's english dracula was leaner ; the spanish version was at times , a bit on the dull side .
my biggest complaint , however , was that the acting was really over-the-top .
seriously , i thought lugosi and company were a bit hammy , but the cast of the spanish version was laughable ( especially the count himself !
) .
really , bela was spooky ; this count was cheezy .
my 4/10 is not in relation to the browning version .
i 'm rating it as a film independent of it 's english cousin .
because it was slightly dull & overacted , i ca n't really seriously recommend seeing it .
( the version would get an 8/10 .
)

-1
the spanish-language version of bram stoker 's novel was filmed at night on the same sets as its american counterpart , with what looks like universal 's unit for spanish-language comedy shorts .
we get to see what looks like the mexican versions of mabel normand , charlie chaplin , and harold lloyd go through the vampiric rituals .
contrary to rumour , it is certainly inferior in acting , tone , and pacing to tod browning 's version .
the browning version may have less plot ( probably universal 's editors had instructions to cut length to allow for extra showings and to cut out the dead weight of browning 's lethargic pace , which worked with silent gothics but not so well with sound ) , but its got much better actors putting in much better performances .
medford 's film may be a better directed film than browning 's `` dracula `` in terms of modern film tastes , but so is your average `` francis the talking horse `` movie , and they 're not true classics either .
browning 's `` dracula `` is , irrefutably , a classic .
that 's my two cents on the supposed controversy over which version is better ( i guess i disagree with most of the posters on imdb ) , which to me is as obvious as it could possibly be .
the nice gothic set pieces distinguish this film from other cheapie horror films , but these are entirely borrowed from the english language production .
interestingly , no actual is shown in this version of dracula .

-1
i did n't know what to expect of the spanish-language version of `` dracula `` .
but it was on my `` dracula `` dvd so i decided to watch it .
i must admit that i found the language tedious and i fell asleep after the first 20 minutes .
another day , i decided to watch it again and i psyched myself into staying awake .
i realized the second time , that the sleep-inducing effect that the film had on me was not just the language .
it was also the casting of people in anglo-saxon roles .
it was extremely dull and offbeat to see spanish-speaking people acting in a story that takes place in london .
it just does n't work .
it winds up being a huge detriment to both story and film .
it just is n't british !
carlos villar was n't really a bad actor , but i can see why he never made it in american films .
thankfully , bela lugosi 's career flourished with his version of `` dracula `` and we have many classic lugosi films as a result .
as the heroine , lupita tovar adds nothing to the film .
she 's not a great beauty and she 's on the stocky side .
it was jarring to see her in the role because i kept comparing her to the elegant 1930 's vogue helen chandler .
miss chandler was a striking woman !
her hair , beautifully chiselled features and tall , leggy body made her the personification of the vogue magazine covers of the early 1930 's .
she looks great in the gown that she wore in the scene where she attempts to bite david manners .
she could n't act her way out of a paper bag , but neither could lupita tovar !
as the hero of the spanish-language version , barry norton is vapid like david manners was in the english-language version .
manners was more believable in his role though .
pablo alverez rubio has nothing on dwight frye 's madman renfield , although alverez is obviously trying hard .
to sum up , this version of `` dracula `` is interesting as a curio only .
it 's never going to be considered a classic like lugosi 's well-loved version .
it 's too little , too late !

-1
... and i really enjoyed `` the sun also rises `` .
this film is scripted as though the writer ate a heavy dinner and fell asleep while reading hemmingway , with the resulting nightmares being this film .
the story is about a group of four pilots released by the service at the end of world war i that , instead of going home , hang around in europe drinking heavily and wasting their time with a woman even more annoying than the overall experience of watching this movie - nikki ( helen chandler ) .
ms. chandler seems to be doing a bad imitation of billie burke here .
while ms. burke was always interesting and whimsical in her roles , nikki is just a simple and rather flippant ditz whose act gets old in a hurry .
just knowing the background of the film i know where this story is trying to go , but there is no context to let you know these guys are numbing themselves to forget the war and anything that might matter .
instead , you are left with man-child behavior and dialogue that would make judd apatow blush .
every time i think any two of the characters are going to finally connect in a meaningful way and have a real conversation , there 's a knock on the door - i cringe - and , sure enough , in come those darned wingmen , prattling on and on about nothing .
only at the end is there anything close to a successful attempt to tie everything together in a touching scene between ex-pilot cary ( richard barthelmess ) and nikki .
my recommendation is to steer clear of this one .

-1
mgm at its most intolerable , with louis b. mayer imposing his hypocritical morality on a dime-novel romance .
bad girl joan crawford is cavorting with the supremely unattractive traveling salesman neil hamilton , but is redeemed by -- how 's this for casting against type -- salvation army major clark gable .
together the photogenic twosome wander off to host salvation army luncheons , dance around the , and sing `` london bridge `` to underprivileged tots .
designed to show off crawford 's versatility -- she sings , dances , and almost acts -- it instead reveals how deficient she is at this point in her career in most of these endeavors , and gable looks bored .
anyway , it 's short , and hamilton at least gets to rub elbows with a fine crew of fellow salesmen , including roscoe karns , guy kibbee , and cliff edwards .

-1
what boob at mgm thought it would be a good idea to place the studly clark gable in the role of a salvation army worker ? ?
ironically enough , another handsome future star , cary grant , also played a salvation army guy just two years later in the highly overrated she done him wrong .
i guess in hindsight it 's pretty easy to see the folly of these roles , but i still wonder who thought that salvation army guys are `` hot `` and who could look at these dashing men and see them as realistic representations of the parts they played .
a long time ago , i used to work for a sister organization of the salvation army ( the volunteers of america ) and i never saw any studly guys working there ( and that includes me , unfortunately ) .
maybe i should have gotten a job with the salvation army instead !
so , for the extremely curious , this is a good film to look out for , but for everyone else , it 's poor writing , sloppy dialog and annoying moralizing make for a very slow film .

-1
since this seems to have been largely unnoticed by most of the previous commentators , i will just add a paragraph here to point out that this movie is an adaptation , of sorts , of one of the major hits of the viennese musical stage during the first decade of the 20th century , oscar straus ' ein .
the characters ' names and some of the situations are kept , as are a few of the original numbers , mostly used as background music .
( most of the actual songs are new , and not from the operetta .
) you might say `` so what ? ``
, especially if you have no interest in viennese operetta .
but this factoid is of interest in that , 3 years later , paramount would try the same thing , once again with m chevalier directed by ernst lubitsch , on another of the major hits of the viennese musical stage during the first decade of the 20th century , and that time the result would be a smash success : the merry widow .
( replacing miriam hopkins with jeannette mcdonald helped a lot , as did lehar 's music , which is a lot better that straus 's .
) this movie did n't do much for me - neither does a , frankly - but it 's interesting to see a first attempt at something paramount , lubitsch , and chevalier would soon do so much better .

-1
do you like to watch men riding horses ?
if so , this mascot serial has a lot of it , but not much else .
mostly filmed outdoors , it is a western ` mystery man ' serial in which the hero , alan scott ( george brent ) is among those trying to discover the identity of ` the wolfman , ' who is leading a band of indians attempting to drive all the settlers out of a mining town .
the ` mystery man ' theme was used countless times in serials from the twenties to the late thirties , and was often found in occasional b westerns , such as the wonderful ken maynard 's ` tombstone canyon ' ( 1932 ) .
the high points include : seeing george brent as a young , thin , virile western hero .
he should have done more westerns instead of being packaged and sold the way he was throughout the rest of his career .
you can see him in ' 42nd street ' ( 1933 ) and as the professor in ` the spiral staircase ' ( 1945 ) ; lafe mckee , veteran character actor in over 400 films , has what must have been his biggest role ever , since he 's in all 12 chapters ; georgia hale , as ` the girl , ' feisty against the villains when she appears , was chaplin 's dance hall love in ` the gold rush ' ( 1925 ) and had the lead in the silent ` the great gatsby ' ( 1926 ) .
since she was deemed ` unsuitable for talkies , ' this was her last movie .
more high points : theodore lorch , as pierre , best remembered as the high priest in ` flash gordon ' ( 1936 ) , appears in almost all the chapters ; frankie darro as jimmy shows off his great teenage physical versatility and fine acting ability , though he is n't featured nearly enough .
frankie is at his best after the great ` the phantom empire ' ( 1935 ) in the many ` buddy ' flicks he made with mantan moreland , see , for example , ` up in the air ' ( 1940 ) .
then there 's rin-tin-tin the putative star of the serial who shows a broader acting range than in his previous mascot serial ` the lone defender ' ( 1930 ) , though here much of the stunt work must be his double .
he died the next year .
over all , it 's a much better serial than ` the lone defender ' because of so many outdoor action sequences .
there 's a fine cliffhanger with frankie and ` rinty ' hanging from a bucket suspended over a canyon .
there are also lots of good shots from inside the bronson caves .
we get the sure hand of wyndham as the supervising editor and one of the writers .
he was responsible for many of the better 1930s serials including ` tim tyler 's luck ' ( 1937 ) and ` flash gordon 's trip to mars ' ( 1938 ) as well as the dozen or so he did for mascot .
he gives us lots of red herrings regarding the identity of the ` mystery man ' finally revealed with all details explained , in the final chapter , which includes the not surprising revelation that the warpath indians were really white men , a clichã© since ` the iron horse ' ( 1925 ) and hey !
ever since the boston tea party !
unfortunately , there 's so much chasing around on horse back to fill in the chapters , that not much really happens .
better would be to have condensed it into an exciting feature the way that 's ` the lost jungle ' ( 1934 ) was converted into a feature that was better , and amazingly , more interesting , than the serial it came from !
note : the ` mill creek entertainment ' dvd is awful -- booming hissing sounds and blurred visuals .
much better quality are its ` the law of the wild ' ( 1934 ) , and ` the adventures of rex and rinty ' ( 1935 ) both with rin-tin-tin jr. , and rex ` the wonder horse . '
of the four rin-tin-tin sound serials , the others being ` the lone defender ' ( 1930 ) , ` the law of the wild ' ( 1934 ) , and ` the adventures of rex and rinty ' ( 1935 ) , this is the best one .
it has the most interesting group of characters , a ` mystery man ' guessing game story and the best cliff hangers .
still , there 's too much riding around , so i 'll only give it a four and half .

-1
coming off of some pretty good comedic films such as the cameraman this ones a big letdown .
it 's too bad buster was given such weak material to start his career in ` talkies ' .
in films like this buster just looked like an idiot instead of an innovator .
a pity .
charlie chaplin excelled at this point while poor buster languished .
the real genius now deservedly stood in the spotlight .
einstein would attend the premiere of a film like city lights but can you imagine him seeing this garbage .
this is like a marx brothers film made by someone who has just come off fresh from a lobotomy .
skip it .
save your money and time .
harold lloyd looks like a genius next to crap like this .

-1
on average , this is perhaps the lowest-rated of all hitchcock 's films among professional critics , but while i can not call it good , in my opinion it is not even in hitchcock 's bottom 10 .
like his worst , `` juno and the paycock `` from the previous year , it is essentially a filmed play , but it is somewhat less stage-bound and certainly more interesting , if not very .
at least one scene ( the auction ) is distinctly hitchcockian in style , and phyllis konstam is wonderful .

-1
being an all-talking motion picture play , with only a minimum of location film , this movie was exactly what early 1930s audiences wanted .
it 's better than the crudest film from the era , but still technically difficult to watch .
the story of feuding clans , written by john galsworthy ( `` the forsythe saga `` ) , is a good one ; and features characters teeming with soap opera possibilities .
the battling families are led by edmund gwenn ( as hornblower ) and c.v. france ( as hillcrist ) .
interloping mr. gwenn is buying up , and , land .
this does not sit well with mr. france , who has lived in the area for generations .
helen haye ( mrs. hillcrist ) goes to bat for her side , against gwenn ; she discovers a shocking secret about phyllis konstam ( as chloe ) , wife of john longden ( as charles hornblower ) .
the `` younger generation `` ( and probable end of the `` hillcrist `` line ) is represented by jill esmond ( as jill hillcrist ) and frank lawton ( as rolf hornblower ) ; today , this young couple can best be described as `` two twits `` .
`` the skin game `` was directed by a seemingly bored alfred hitchcock ; notably , it was his first film with gwenn .
repeating their roles from the 1921 silent film version , gwenn and ms. haye do a good job as the main battlers .
**** the skin game ( ) alfred hitchcock ~ edmund gwenn , helen haye , c.v. france , phyllis konstam

-1
creakiness and atmosphere this film has , but so unfortunately does the print i just viewed .
raymond massey provides a laid back sherlock holmes , almost comically so in early scenes in his bathrobe , which he trades in for a laborer 's garb to investigate the creepy mansion of dr. rylott ( lyn harding ) .
what was n't clear to me was why rylott would have wanted his stepdaughters dead .
if as in the case of helen ( angela baddeley ) , he did n't want her to run off to get married , he would have accomplished the same thing by having her dispatched .
other curiosities abound as well .
after setting an early wedding date with helen , the fiancã©e is no longer heard from for the rest of the picture .
the presence of a band of gypsies at the time of violet stoner 's death provides merely a diversion , and what could have been an interesting murder tool , a poisonous snake , is diluted by the fact that it was not a cobra , the musical renderings of the indian man servant notwithstanding .
athole stewart competently portrays holmes ' aide dr. watson , though he takes some getting used to if nigel bruce is more your cup of tea .
as rylott , lyn harding is sufficiently menacing , a trait that would be put to good use as holmes ' nemesis professor moriarty in two later films - 1935 's `` the triumph of sherlock holmes `` and 1937 's `` murder at the baskervilles `` .
with repeated choppiness and an unsteady camera , it 's surprising that the story line is n't more disrupted than it is .
it 's integrity is generally maintained , even if one stretches a bit to fill in the gaps .
i guess that would be my main complaint with the film , as mentally bridging some of the jump cuts in the picture proved to be a real pain in the asp .

-1
this was gable 's reward from mgm for being a good boy - to star with garbo .
unfortunately the script is a mess and at 76 minutes a poor adaptation of the gargantuan 600 page plus novel .
the script is very misogynistic with gable 's character completely incapable of understanding garbo 's fallen plight and refusing to forgive .
helga escapes her brutish home , falls in love with gable and then must flee again when her father discovers her in gable 's absence .
she joins a circus ( as susan lenox ) and is forced to accept the protection of its manager .
gable discovers and rejects her .
later she has risen to the top of society as a kept woman and upon encountering her again , gable again rejects her .
she gives it all up and follows him around the country and the globe .
she is so shamed by something that was n't her fault that we ca n't really respect or care for susan lenox .
gable 's character is thoroughly detestable in every way - the absolute worst of all macho men 's traits are exhibited here .
the way susan lowers herself to seek him out is pitiful .
the stars ' chemistry is excellent but the film itself is quite poor - episodic and unpalatable .
only for fans of the two stars .

-1
jack benny is stuck in traffic in his cab besides a woman in another cab whom he identifies from his black book as helen hunt from palm springs ( though she claims to have never been there ) .
from just a few lines of dialogue , they propose ( with a justice of the peace conveniently found nearby ) , argue about finances , then quickly annul !
jack says some amusing lines here but the topper comes after the woman leaves her car followed by plenty of her kids !
also appearing is silent player tammany young as jack 's cab driver whose banter with the police traffic officer about his various ailments is not funny here and may be even offensive today .
all in all , an interesting curio for any benny fans that might still be around ...

-1
this dreary adaptation of philip barry 's broadway play has two things going for it : a stunning myrna loy and some interesting exchanges of dialogue that would have been censored if the film had been released a couple of years later when production code enforcement was strengthened .
on the whole , however , this film stagnates as filmed stage plays often do .
the camera just sits there focusing on people entering rooms and talking , talking , talking .
the story is familiar to barry aficionados : the conflict between the old northeastern puritan establishment values and the new , modern bohemian mindset .
this conflict is played out by leslie howard , nonconformist publisher of arty books whose upper crust traditionalist father disapproves of his offbeat lifestyle .
howard chooses to marry rich girl myrna loy while his old friend , whom he really loves but does n't realize it at the time , is abroad .
the latter character is a bohemian enacted by ann harding who at one point says , and i paraphrase , `` i have no money but it does n't bother me . ``
what ? !
this supposed `` bohemian `` lives in a large , spotless , finely appointed apartment with a view of the east river , is dressed and coiffed as elegantly as any wealthy blueblood and seems to travel the world at the drop of a hat .
anyone with an apartment , wardrobe and lifestyle like that in 1932 could hardly `` have no money . ``
*** possible spoiler *** harding is way too stodgy for her part and we end up sympathizing with the ostensibly cruel , superficial loy who is actually so sweet , alluring , sexy , gorgeous and youthful that it comes as a shock when she is revealed to be a nasty , hard soul at the end .
in addition , although harding gets top billing with howard , it is loy who occupies the most screen time and who rivets our attention .
howard is at first too humdrum to be convincing as an unconventional rebel , but his later actions during intimate scenes with loy fire up the screen , abetted by suggestive conversation .
this is about as far as hollywood would go in the carnal direction until the 60s .
william gargan is also on hand as howard 's butler who treats his boss as an equal , drinks excessively and launches into talking jags that intrude tiresomely on the business at hand .
a similar subsidiary character from a later and far superior barry film adaptation ( holiday , 1938 ) serves the story better .
the ideal cast for this film would have been franchot tone as the lead and in reversed roles .

-1
.
as shakespeare put it , much ado about nothing .
most of the critics seemed to take `` boid of paradise `` ( my 1st wife was from brooklyn ) as something in need of serious thought .
i seriously thought it was tiresome .
big fuss about del rio 's nude underwater swim .
you could n't even notice a nipple in the ripple .
hedy lamarr displayed more skin in her first flick .
joel mcrae , star of my fave hitchock movie , `` foreign correspondent `` looked too skinny as he swung from vine to vine .
weismuller was really a swinger ( in more ways than one ) in the tarzan series .
some of the scenes were ludicrous , especially the one with mcrae riding .
turtle .
the native dance scenes were impressive , and , to be honest , the love scenes between the two stars were pretty convincing .
one looked like a french kiss or , at least , a french-canadian kiss .
the erupting volcano and flowing lava did not convince , but , then it was '32 and special effects were not as sophisticated as they are today .
all in all , `` bird of paradise `` was so-so .
hey , this bird laid an egg .

-1
well ... there were some great , facial shots of marlene , along with her `` shocking `` , gender-bender outfit ( plus her not-to-be-missed `` transmogrification `` from ape into human being ) ; but , overall , the generally unconvincing plot and dated acting -- not to mention the less than engaging tunes coming from miss dietrich 's `` baritone `` voice -- did little to ensure blonde venus a permanent place in my mind 's pantheon of memorable films .
cary grant -- still in the throes of cinematic infancy -- seemed as though he was forever looking to `` find himself `` , while herbert marshall was probably never anything but herbert marshall from the day he was born , until the day he died .
naturally , from an historical point of view , blonde venus was fun to watch , so long as one was able to put aside ... `` great expectations `` .

-1
this is a very mediocre film at best .
and , considering this is one of the last films by the legendary fatty arbuckle , that 's pretty sad .
in his heyday ( before the scandal that torpedoed his career ) , arbuckle 's comedies were among the best of the silent era -- showing great imagination and finesse .
however , all the originality and charm of his old films is barely noticeable here -- even if he is teamed up with his old supporting comedian , al st. john ( arbuckle 's real-life nephew ) .
this is because some gags are just not funny ( the way too long and poorly done bee bit ) and others are just recycled from other films ( such as arbuckle 's following a policeman in order to keep the tough guy from slugging him ) .
the end result just looks very tired and a mere shadow of his former glory .
like the old saying goes , `` you can never go back `` .
too bad -- as i really wanted to like this comeback film .

-1
likable elevator operator frank fay ( as spencer brown ) falls for pretty co-worker ruth hall ( as norma baker ) , but does n't know she 's falling in love with his young inventor pal , george meeker ( as harry bayliss ) .
to help win ms. hall 's heart , mr. fay uses his popularity with hotel residents to back the re-election campaign of hall 's uncle , benton churchill ( as martin sloan ) .
if the incumbent mayor loses , dastardly george diamond ( as george diamond ) plans to tear down fay 's hotel for a railroad ... re-titled `` meet the mayor `` for late 1930s reissue and later tv showing , `` a fool 's advise `` finds once famous fay 's star dimmed .
the popular vaudeville entertainer was reportedly the male model for `` a star is born `` ( 1937 ) - if so , he was n't the first or last man to look the part .
in real life , fay was destined to become `` mr. barbara stanwyck `` - but , herein , he is still a surprisingly affable , effective leading man .
in hindsight , the first signs of a downslide are here , but his assets are also prominently displayed .
**** a fool 's advice ( ) ralph ~ frank fay , ruth hall , george meeker , benton churchill

-1
frank fay , a nice guy who spends his life solving everyone else 's problems by providing a fool 's advice , saves his indifferent cozy community from corrupt politicians , and earns said community 's somewhat unfocused gratitude .
will fay at least get the girl , or make some money , or have something nice happen to him ?
this is an oddly melancholy picture , where frank fay , the author of the story and producer of the picture , rather badly serves frank fay , the actor , who is just not funny in something that is supposed to be gentle comedy ( in the manner of a will rogers picture ) .
fay is playing a nice guy who , it is implied , really is too nice for his own good , even though he has the smarts to rise to any occasion , and mechanical skills that let him `` help `` in the invention of a new , recording device .
problem is , that the intended comedy highlight , where fay falls victim to stage fright while delivering a campaign speech , completely undercuts his character , while pointedly making it obvious that fay is a lesser comedian than robert benchley .
nonetheless , there is something curious and somewhat haunting in fay 's performance that sticks with one -- indicating that this genial , character will never really succeed , even on his own terms -- and that he knows it , even if he is not about to change .
it 's an odd star persona , and one can see why this movie is not well-known .
but this character does seem to be a cousin to elwood p. dowd , the genial drinking man who sees a giant rabbit named harvey , and dropped out of the rat race .
and fay 's performance of that role on broadway was famous , even if it was jimmy stewart who did the part in the movies .
so maybe this film was the prototype for a legendary performance that is now gone .

-1
broadway to cheyenne starts off with a bunch of big city gangsters fighting and killing each other with detective breezy kildare caught in the middle .
when breezy goes out west to the ranch where he grew up he runs into the same bunch of crooks .
the gangsters are offering `` protection `` to the local ranchers .
for the rest of the movie it 's cowboys and gangsters .
even though there is a story in broadway to cheyenne it just looks odd to see a bunch of new york city gangsters riding around the desert in a car fighting cowboys on horses .
a gangster shooting a tommy gun versus a cowboy with a revolver does not look right either .
as breezy , rex bell seems out of place as a cowboy .
it is easier to think of him as the big city cop because of the build-up in the beginning of the movie .
he fights the same people he was fighting in new york .
the characters are the same , but the setting has changed .
george hayes does not play a sidekick , just an old cowhand .
you can see the seeds of the character that he would develop later .
he is not cantankerous , just rough and western .
during the early 1930 's hayes played a variety of characters , so he could not be expected to be the old codger all the time .
his role is minor , but he still has a great presence in broadway to cheyenne .
broadway to cheyenne definitely has the feel of a 1932 movie .
if it were strictly a gangster movie or a western it would be perfect for that time .
instead it was a fun idea that someone decided to work with , but it was not a great western .

-1
her mad night ( aka held for murder ) is a `` moral melodrama `` from the first decade of talkies .
irene rich , often paired with will rogers in silent and sound movies , also had success starring in her own radio show , `` dear john , `` which premiered the year after this film was released and ran more than ten years .
director e. mason hopper retired from directing three years after helming this picture , but resurfaced in 1950 with a bit part in one of hollywood 's greatest masterpieces , sunset boulevard .
incredible twists of fate have led joan manners to an appointment with the electric chair .
her problems begin with a whirlwind courtship with wealthy lawyer steve kennedy .
steve tells her about his adopted daughter , connie , a young woman he has raised since she was a child .
joan reels in shock when she sees the girl 's baby picture and recognizes the infant as her own , a product of a past she 's trying to conceal .
steve 's life-long best friend , womanizer schuyler durkin , was once joan 's lover and is currently wooing the coquettish connie on the sly .
this tangled web of relationships leads to connie accidentally shooting durkin when he tries to rape her .
to protect her daughter , joan takes the rap for durkin 's death .
even with steve as defense counsel , joan 's courtroom refusal to reveal the truth about the killing dooms her to execution .

-1
with a little better care with production values and a decent script , hidden valley could have been an interesting film .
the idea at least was interesting .
this was hardly the usual plot situation , young bob steele goes to work for an archaeologist who is convinced there is a hidden valley that might contain some ancient treasures of the aztec variety .
unfortunately the archaeologist gets himself shot and killed with steele left holding the bag .
steele gets convicted , but busts out of the courtroom to clear himself and find that valley .
there 's not only treasure there , but real aztecs as well .
the bad guys find that out as well .
of course these aztecs look and sound like american indians even when they 're about to cut steele 's heart out as a sacrifice to their gods .
they also ride horses which we know aztecs did not do .
research was not big at monogram pictures .
bob 's rescue by the goodyear blimp is an interesting sight to behold .
at least goodyear got good publicity from hidden valley .

-1
evidently , this movie was based on the unsolved 1923 murder of showgirls dorothy king .
king needs $ 5,000 to pay off her ex - boyfriend and tries to blackmail one of her current wealthy customers into giving her the money .
conway tearle plays the detective in charge of the investigation who just happens to be in love with the wife of one of his friends ; a friend who later becomes a suspect .
tearle is unbelievably wooden in his performance as is natalie moorehead in her role of the wife .
the best part of the movie is the interesting way a young couple establishes an alibi for the time of the murder - that was clever .
and the murder method was kind of interesting .
but other than that it 's a bit of a slog to watch all the way through .
a mildly interesting period mystery but not memorable .

-1
a complicated murder trial is argued and decided in record time -- just over an hour -- in this rko potboiler , leavened by the presence of edna may oliver , harrumphing and with her characteristic panache .
but jeez , if this is american justice , i fear for the court system .
as the most influential juror , ms. oliver decides the defendant ( jill esmond , then married to laurence olivier , and employing a sturdy french accent ) is innocent because her `` women 's intuition `` tells her so .
and the other jurors -- including an annoying ken murray as a real estate tycoon , a more annoying roscoe ates stuttering , and cora witherspoon as a dowdy miss we 're supposed to dislike because she wears a man 's suit -- come around to her side of thinking for the reasons : they like her , or they like each other , or they 're offended by something some other opposing juror said , or something about the defendant reminds them of someone they love .
i 've been on juries , and at least we were a little more analytical than that .
the panel finally retires to the scene of the crime , where a highly contrived finish ( including a hidden sliding wall , borrowed from rko 's horror department ) leads them to the right verdict , uttered over the closing credits .
it 's a cheap-looking little movie , abundant in juror stereotypes ; only guinn williams , unbilled , as a blue-collar garage mechanic , creates anything like a real person .

-1
this screen adaptation of a play by frederick lonsdale about a young man who has spent his life wandering about the globe , collecting experience so he can become a playwright -- robert montgomery -- and the young aristocrat who marries him and is disinherited for her taking up with a wastrel - madge evans -- creaks pretty badly as it goes through its predictable plot twists .
director robert z. leonard and the unnamed screenwriters make some effort at opening up the script , but still wind up having the leads conduct most of their earnest dialogue in two-shots .
also , frankly , robert montgomery is miscast .
he never quite managed to do accents convincingly and he seems overwhelmed , although he carries out his self-effacing courtship of miss evans most charmingly .
nor do most of the other actors manage to be more than straw men .
the two exceptions are -- unsurprisingly -- beryl mercer , who made a specialty in kindly , clueless mothers -- her best known role was lew ayres ' mother in all quiet on the western front -- and the always delightful roland young , who gets to play someone with brains and heart , who comes up with most of the plot twists here .
all in all , not a movie to search out unless you are a fanatic for any of the personnel involved .

-1
i must first point out that i have never seen the silent version or the red skelton remake ( both titled `` merton of the movies `` ) , so i really can not compare this film to the previous or later versions .
the film begins in a small town .
local boy , merton ( stu erwin ) has ambitions to become a cowboy star in movies and has just completed his correspondence course in acting .
however , it 's obvious to the viewer that merton , though likable , is a terrible actor and a bit of a boob .
so , when he heads off for hollywood it 's not surprising he is in way over his head .
however , a lady at the studio ( joan blondell ) feels sorry for him after weeks of coming in to the casting office and helps him get a job .
but , he 's terrible at acting and they have n't the heart to tell this nice guy .
in fact , he 's so bad they decide to cast him in a comedy -- but not tell him it 's not a serious western .
in the end , he discovers the ruse and feels heartbroken ... and then the movie unexpectedly ends .
this film has kernels of a good film but does n't quite make it .
sure , erwin in likable ( as usual ) but he 's too serious and pathetic in the film to make this a comedy -- and at times , i felt uncomfortable watching him .
he was , instead of funny , quite pathetic .
i assume skelton played it more for laughs -- and that 's probably a better way to have played it .
in addition , the film has no real ending ... it just stops and seems quite incomplete .
an interesting but flawed concept .
by the way , harold lloyd made a similar film but it was much , much , much better .
`` movie crazy `` is a terrific film about a boob who arrives in hollywood and has no idea that the folks are laughing at his dramatic performances -- and he becomes an inexplicable star .

-1
mary astor and riccardo cortez worked well together .
here , she is a bad girl .
or she is perceived to be a bad girl .
she 's in parish when we meet her .
her dreams of being an artist have fizzled and she 's down on her luck .
she marries american gambler cortez .
he 's hard-boiled but falls for her right away .
she 's hard-boiled and does n't fall for him right away but does eventually .
( this is not giving away the plot .
) both are excellent .
it is , however , a rather creaky plot .
though the movie was made before the code , it is not at all racy .
the racetrack scenes look authentic and are fun .

-1
and therefore nothing is really funny .
that 's my take on it and you may certainly disagree , but this is the principal reason why merrie melodies are not particularly funny -- nor are the versions of popular songs offered here particularly good , given the squeaky-voiced vocal artists offered for your entertainment here .
a great deal of the fun in the termite terrace era of animation is not simply that anything can happen , but that you , the audience , knew what was going to happen to poor daffy duck when he tried to swindle bugs .
even the cartoon laws of physics -- such as the best known one , about gravity : gravity will not work upon an object until the object recognizes it is going to fall -- make a rough psychological sense , once you 're in on the gag .
here , alas , the best jokes are poor celebrity caricatures : rudy vallee shows up , although he looks more like harpo marx to my eyes .

-1
watching this film , i was struck at the small similarities to shakespeare 's tempest .
a western figure of intelligence is cast into a distant land , and makes the spirits ( here it is animals ) his servants , constructing his own order .
and just as the issue of race was present then , so it is here .
the islanders are presented in a simplistic and racist manner , and the film 's conception of gender is rather chauvinist .
witness how naturally the beautiful , nubile and innocent island girl , fleeing an arranged marriage to a boorish muscle-bound youth , takes to doing our westerner 's dishes !
however , this fellow , portrayed by an aging douglas fairbanks sr. , brings now books .
indeed , there is very little in his head apart from his principal goal .
the single-mindedness and vapid goals of the film make the whole exercise into a chore .
the cinematography is competent at best , but entirely dull most of the time .
the humor is weak .
a film for fairbanks completists only .
turns out his voice , at least as shown here , was disappointingly squeaky .
he did n't stand a chance , the poor soul .

-1
fairbanks ' next-to-last film has aged rather badly .
it 's thoroughly dated in its technique and feels much longer than it really is .
good music score .

-1
i doubt this movie was ever considered a classic of the sort that dracula and frankenstein are , and i 'm certain the opinion has only lessened over the years .
if i recall my hollywood legends right , this was given to director robert florey after he was removed from frankenstein .
thank god .
although many of florey 's films are good , he could be a bit too slow in his pacing and this film is a prime example .
made in the early days of sound this movie resembles a silent melodrama more than anything .
indeed some of the performances seem overwrought .
it is hampered by minimal sound that deadens the pace .
despite its one hour running time you 'll be checking your watch .
there are good things in this film .
the look of the film , for example , is great recalling the classic german films from just a few years earlier .
unless you feel the need to see everything that bela lugosi or universal was producing during the early days of the golden age of horror , i suggest you avoid this .
its a seldom seen movie that is seldom seen for a reason , its dated very very badly .
3 out of 10

-1
following on from the success if `` dracula `` and `` frankenstein `` , universal began a veritable production-line of horror vehicles for their new screen stars , boris karloff and bela lugosi .
lugosi it is who stars in `` the murders in the rue morgue `` and is probably the main reason people will still take the trouble to watch this film nowadays .
he 's playing to type here with a portrayal of a mid-19th century scientist with some particularly hair-brained ideas who is prepared to kill to continue his experiments .
lugosi 's performances throughout his career are generally consistent : when the material allows , he shines .
unfortunately for him , many of his films were inferior ones and whilst it does have some moments this film falls into the inferior class .
for the time it probably seemed much better , with some shocking new ideas , but seen now `` murders in the rue morgue `` seems to play out at a snail 's pace .
the sets and lighting , always strong points in universal horrors of this period , add some atmosphere but a total lack of music and some rather theatrical performances from the cast only contribute to a feeling of tedium , despite the film having quite a short running time .
the plot is all over the place , veering between high drama and high comedy more through clumsiness than by design and leaving perhaps too much open to the viewer 's interpretation ( my kind way of saying too many loose ends are not tied up ) .
whilst lugosi will always be interesting to watch , the other characters in this film are rather mundane and one-dimensional .
a historical french setting , competently achieved , does add some flavour to the film though and thankfully its ape character ( apparently a gorilla , although it seems to change species from scene to scene ) is portrayed by a real primate in close-up , thereby avoiding the ridiculous look of the standard that haunted many action films and serials of the 30s , 40s and 50s .
a film that 's certainly worth a look to fans of poe , universal horrors or bela lugosi , but hardly one that will demand repeated viewing .

-1
happy 's club , a non speakeasy nightclub in manhattan , is home to many stories and characters .
owner happy macdonald is threatened by rival bootleggers and decides to settle matters with them himself .
happy 's wife jill is keeping on an affair with the nightclub 's entertainment director .
dancer ruth taylor is falling for young michael rand , who 's been drinking away at happy 's after the recent events of the murder trial concerning his mother shooting his father .
all the events come together ( sort of - see review ) where people with grudges against each our cast come to happy 's for a showdown .
the film has a great cast and almost all of them do a bang-up job , but the film falls flat because the various stories do n't really gel together and a lot of characters have their roles wasted ( clarence muse and george raft especially ) .
in a sense the only draw of the film is the busby berkeley choreographed dance sequence about 10 minutes in .
rating 4 out of 10 .

-1
i 'm a fan of charley chase 's work from the silent era , especially the two-reel comedies he made for the hal roach studio circa , but i 've yet to find a talkie that shows off this uniquely talented and generally under-appreciated comedian to best advantage .
now we 'll tell one is a pleasant short film with a couple of good sequences , but it never comes close to equaling the level of comic inspiration found in charley 's silent classics .
there are certainly worse ways you could spend the twenty minutes it takes to watch this , but based on the evidence found here a first-time viewer unfamiliar with chase 's earlier movies could be forgiven for concluding that his reputation as a great comedian is exaggerated .
our story concerns an eccentric scientist who has invented a device for transferring personality from one individual to another , a process accomplished through the wearing of what looks like an electrified belt .
the scientist demonstrates his device on a stage before an audience of colleagues in a medical college .
several volunteers ( each of whom , we 're told , has a personality sharply contrasting with the others ) take turns trying on the belt , and as each one does so the scientist throws various switches on his machinery , and thus transfers that volunteer 's personality traits to the main subject of the experiment ten miles away .
the subject is an elderly man who happens to be the grandfather of muriel , who is the girlfriend of charley , a timid soul who lacks the nerve to propose marriage to her .
it 's also established that neither muriel nor charley is aware of the nature of the experiment in which grandpa is participating .
you with me so far ?
good .
well , as it turns out , the first volunteer on the medical school stage is an acrobat , and when his `` personality `` is transferred to grandpa ten miles away the old man finds himself turning back-flips uncontrollably .
grandpa is unhappy about this and promptly quits , pulling off his belt , throwing it down , and stomping off in disgust .
for no good reason charley claims the belt , puts it on and slips away .
meanwhile , back at the medical college , the scientist is unaware that his subject has quit the experiment and continues to switch the belt from one volunteer to the next .
thus , for the rest of the movie , charley 's personality abruptly switches from one extreme to another , usually at the worst possible moment and causing him much embarrassment , but ultimately in a manner that allows him to save the day .
so , that 's the plot .
i do n't know if this is a remake of an earlier silent film , but my feeling is that this kind of wacky farcical story might have worked better without sound .
we 're more willing to accept this sort of thing in the unreal world of silent cinema .
the premise is just so goofy to begin with it would have required expert handling to put it across , but in this case the execution is n't all it might have been .
for starters , charley himself is not as likable as he was in his silent comedies , probably because for the sake of the plot it was necessary to establish him as a wimp early on , and frankly a wimp does n't make a good leading man .
charley is all too convincingly wimpy , even giving his character a nervous giggle that is quite irritating .
and unfortunately this film lacks the colorful supporting players found in most other roach comedies of the day ; there 's no billy gilbert , mae busch or jimmy finlayson on hand to enliven the proceedings .
another drawback : at the time this film was made the roach studio was facing financial difficulties , forcing a on special effects .
thus when charley assumes the personality of a motorcycle stunt rider we settle back for an enjoyable ` thrill ' sequence , but we 're disappointed to find ourselves watching charley cavort on an obviously stationary motorbike parked in front of a rear-projection screen .
instead of enjoying the show , we groan at the cheesy effects .
( budget cuts similarly hurt the chase sequence in laurel & hardy 's county hospital , made around this same time .
) on the plus side , there 's a funny scene when charley goes to ask muriel 's father for her hand in marriage , just as the scientist places the belt on a swishy `` modern dancer . ``
muriel 's father watches in bewilderment as charley prances about in duncan fashion .
now we 'll tell one also benefits from the delightful background music of le roy shield , also found in most of the roach comedies of the time .
and while this movie lacks the the more familiar contract players in supporting roles , leading lady muriel evans is charming and decidedly easy on the eyes .
in sum , this is a mildly diverting comedy for the viewer , but anyone interested in discovering why charley chase is considered one of the great unsung comic talents of the movies should seek out such gems of the 1920s as innocent husbands or long the king .
meanwhile , i 'm still searching for a charley chase talkie that rises to the admirably high standard he established in the silent days .

-1
but for the life of me i ca n't see what the big deal is about this film .
i noticed how some other posters got absolutely ecstatic about it , but why they did is beyond me .
i found it boring , creaky , stodgy , monotonous , poorly lit , and about as animated as a river of molasses .
considering the caliber of the cast ( and the director ) , the acting is n't particularly noteworthy ( gloria stuart is absolutely ravishing , though , which breaks up the monotony ) .
if it 's supposed to be a comedy , as some have claimed , it fails on that count .
if it 's supposed to be a horror film , as others have claimed , it fails on that count .
if it 's supposed to be a comedy horror film , it fails on both counts .
i actually have n't seen it in a while , so maybe another viewing of it will change my opinion .
but i remember how difficult it was to sit through the first time , so i doubt i 'll put myself through that again .

-1
from j.b. priestley 's book about a small group of people on a mountain drive who become stranded by a storm and take refuge in an eerie mansion inhabited by a very peculiar family .
predictably creaky thriller from 1932 , although not quite as dated as one might suspect ; the cast ( including boris karloff , charles laughton , gloria stuart , raymond massey , and melvyn douglas -- all looking so young !
) certainly makes it interesting , and there are several welcomed bits of tongue-in-cheek humor .
maybe worthwhile if you come across a print that is n't ravaged by time .
directed by the now-legendary james whale , a drawing card all on its own .
later remade in 1963 .
** from ****

-1
the captain of a ship takes ill not long after hiring noah beery sr , a man with a bad reputation - every ship he 's been on for the last three years has sunk burned or disappeared .
of course beery is behind the illness , which puts the pretty captain 's daughter in peril .
another pre-code melodrama with a great deal of exposed female flesh and suggestions of things that nice people did n't do .
this is just an okay film .
the problem is that beery is so clearly the bad guy you ca n't believe that anyone would be so stupid as to hire him .
i mean long john silver was a bad guy but at least he could hide it , beery ca n't and it sinks the movie .
it also does n't help that the film 's plot ultimately makes no sense , there are just too many twists and turns that none of it comes off as anything other than contrived .
not really bad , but not really worth your time and effort .

-1
melvyn douglas and ann harding star in this odd little outing .
i say odd because it 's supposed to take place mostly in vietnam at lao prison .
but , it makes you wonder why some of the ` natives ' are black -- such as clarence muse !
i wonder if folks back in the 1930s had no conception of what southeast asians looked like or if the studio was just being extremely sloppy .
the film is also odd because it was filmed about 20 minutes from my house -- in venice , florida .
considering all the palm trees , it probably was a pretty good substitute for going overseas for the filming .
the film begins in france .
a commandant of an overseas french penal colony is being court martialed and douglas is one of the judges .
ironically , after finding this man derelict in his duties , douglas himself is sent on a similar assignment to run a prison along the mekong river .
this means his fiancã©e will have to eventually join him -- and harding 's character arrives more than a year later .
by then , her sweetie has degenerated significantly -- showing serious signs of mental illness and alcoholism .
apparently he is not adjusting well to this life .
what 's next ?
see the film .
`` prestige `` suffers mostly because the acting is a bit too florid -- with douglas showing a lot of googly eyes and looking pretty goofy .
in addition , you are expected to like the french but ca n't help but see them as interlopers -- and the characters are n't all that likable either .
and , oddly , despite the crazed performance , the film is often a bit dull .
not a terrible movie -- but also not a particularly good one , either .

-1
what drags prosperity down is the repeated insertion of low comedy gags involving polly moran , a successful silent-era slapstick comedienne whose humor did n't play very well with sound .
far too much footage is wasted in setting up lame punch lines or overdone sight gags .
these tedious distractions , unfortunately , also tend to involve the film 's star , marie dressler , who could easily have done without them in her otherwise impressive portrayal of a small-town bank president who weathers the storm of economic depression by a combination of ingenuity and what they used to call gumption .
the plot involves dressler 's struggle with entangled financial and familial crises .
her son is played by norman foster who was an able actor but had no distinctive traits to set him apart from a host of other nice looking young male performers .
anita page , just past her brief burst of major stardom , is cast as foster 's wife in an undemanding supporting role .
this film is less successful than `` american madness , `` released the same year , which is also about the travails of a small town banker during the depression .

-1
marie dressler carries this depression-era drama about a kindly bank owner , which recently aired on tcm during their april fools comedy month .
if you come with the expectation of big laughs courtesy the moran team , you 'll be disappointed , as this is really a very downbeat film .
it 's also very poorly made , surprisingly so considering it came from mgm .
leonard smith 's bare bones cinematography is strictly from the ` set up the camera and do n't move it ' school , frequently to the detriment of the cast , who find themselves delivering lines off screen ( it 's like a pan and scan print before such existed !
) or having their heads cut off .
the film does n't even have a credited director , underlying the apparent fly by night nature of the production .
overall , it 's an unsatisfying mess , with dressler frequently over-emoting and only that bizarre , final reel dash to the bathroom to set it apart .

-1
yes , marie drinks prune juice that she thinks is poison and she exits running .
is good .
never my cup of tea but she is a solid performer who surely holds the screen .
i watched this for polly moran , whom i 've seen elsewhere .
here , moran is ok -- just ok -- as dressler 's shrewish friend/foe .
too bad she has sunk into nearly total oblivion .
the plot is good hearted .
bad guys try to rob the townspeople .
dressler triumphs and all ends well .
i do wonder about the central plot mechanism : bonds .
this came out during the depression so maybe everyone was familiar with bonds and what they can do if used well and if used wrongly .
i , however , not of that era , am vaguely familiar with them .
they 're like stocks only different , right ?
it seems odd to build a story about the little man around a somewhat sophisticated monetary entity .

-1
yet another early film from alfred hitchcock which seems to have been done out of contractual obligation .
as with juno and the paycock , you can tell that hitchcock had little interest in this movie .
there is almost no style or craft to it at all .
the story revolves around fred and emily , a young married couple , who come into some money and go on a cruise which proves to be a test of their marriage .
emily is given a chance at a new life with a good hearted , wealthy man who falls in love with her , but chooses to take the high road and stay with her husband .
this might seem more believable if fred were n't made out to be a completely insensitive , pompous ass who jumps at the first opportunity he sees to leave his wife for another woman .
the couple ends up staying together , but the movie lacks any real reconciliation scene .
the third act goes in a completely different direction , with the couple stranded on an abandoned ship and rescued by an asian fishing boat .
joan barry does give a very stirring performance as the faithful wife of an unfaithful husband .
that 's about all you can say for this one .

-1
this hitchcock movie bears little similarity to his later suspense films and seems much more like a very old fashioned morality tale .
a young couple receives an inheritance that they believe will make them happy .
they spend the money traveling about the world and living a very hedonistic existence .
however , after a while the excitement begins to wane and the couple become dissipated and pointless in their existence .
later , out of no where , when they are on a luxury cruise , the ship sinks and they lose everything -- and end up much happier in the end because they now appreciate life !
what an odd , silly and preachy film !
it makes its point with all the subtlety of a 2x4 upside your head and the plot seemed amateurish and overly moralistic .
personally , i 'd like to inherit all that money and find out if it makes me miserable !
i 'd also like the film to try to make a point with a bit more finesse and a lot less obviousness .
the production values are relatively poor compared to later productions -- a rough film with poor sound quality and rather amateurish acting .
not terrible but not especially good .

-1
if you like murder mysteries the you 've seen this movie before , probably at least a hundred times .
the plot is the typical a group of people are staying at the home of a rich man who turns up dead .
the police arrive to flush out the killer and its quickly revealed that everyone wanted the guy dead .
its an early sound version of the plot line you 've come to know and love .
spicing things up is the addition of an oriental fortune teller played by misha auer .
the introductions to most of the characters come during a reading he is doing for one of the people staying at the house .
its a unique twist to the proceedings .
auer himself ends up at the house and it is during a gathering for a sã©ance that the murder occurs .
despite my low rating this is not a bad movie .
the cast is good the mystery serviceable .
the problem is that time has not been particularly kind to this movie .
its pacing is now rather slack and it seems to just go on and on .
the action is a bit static .
the film being a relatively early sound film is very talky at times .
the detective once he appears is capable of chattering on and on a good deal .
the flaws are not fatal , but since this is a path i had been down before numerous times i found that i was n't enjoying it as much as i would if i was n't a mystery fan .
if you 're curious try it , though be warned its the type of thing you 've seen before .

-1
given the timing right out of the silent era , this one might be forgiven for it 's plodding dialog and long pauses during conversations between characters .
then again , if you 're not in a forgiving mood , this might just be one of the most boring flicks you 'll ever force yourself to sit through .
the set up is reasonable enough , one of those self contained , lights out murder mysteries where just about everyone present had reason enough to kill the victim .
i think the film writers went a little overboard peppering the suspects with a couple of ex-cons from the north side clan , but at least they kept investigator devlin ( jack mulhall ) on his toes .
one unique twist to the story had to do with that ` magic slate ' that the swami used to write a cryptic message about the murder victim .
by use of a magnet , he was able to manipulate a piece of steel core chalk sandwiched between two blackboards .
interesting concept , but why did n't the chalk produce a mirror image message on the alternate blackboard ?
even though the picture proceeds at a snail 's pace , there are a couple of genuine laugh out loud moments to relieve the agony .
how about when detective devlin grabs lefty louie by his lapels to question him about the murder - that was so over the top i had to howl .
then there was nick genna 's defense , uttered twice , why he could n't be the killer - he never uses a knife !
like that would have stopped him if he really meant to kill somebody .
the gimmick would have worked out just fine if it had n't been so overdone .
i got a kick out of mischa auer as the phony swami ( with slight change in pronunciation , it would sound like !
) .
the following year , auer portrayed another swami in the picture `` sucker money `` , but in that one he was a truly evil and scary character .
that film had more to do with exposing the fake psychic racket , and of the two is the stronger picture .
another decent recommendation if you like stuff like this would be one of the charlie chan flicks from 1944 entitled `` black magic `` .
it 's got everything this one does , but moves along at a quicker pace with the help of sidney toler and mantan moreland .

-1
i found this film unbearably corny and dated , even for the period .
norma shearer never impressed me when she played any sort of a period or costume role , as she became too self-aware and phony .
some actresses , garbo for one , could slip in and out of costume dramas and more modern roles with believability , but not norma .
the only times i found her to be natural were in her early roles as a young actress when she was n't playing mrs. thalberg .
this one was just a little too old-fashioned and sentimental for my tastes .
i had hoped for more , for a pre-code film .
leslie howard is generally good in anything he does , and he performs well enough here .
but i do n't feel a whole lot of chemistry between the pair .
and maybe it is the black and white format , but in the portions where norma is in the blond role , her hair looks more gray than blond , which ages her .
i guess i am not a softy ... sorry , i do n't mean to be harsh , but just did not like this one very much .

-1
for most younger viewers out there , they probably have no idea who buster keaton was .
so , because of this , they probably wo n't feel nearly as sad when watching this film as i did .
i happen to be a silent comedy freak -- having see just about every keaton film still in existence .
my being a huge fan made this film very painful from start to finish .
this is because during his silent days , keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian .
he was amazing in his physicality and his films were almost never dull .
however , in a move that movie historians still are baffled by , at the end of the silent era , keaton gave up his independence and became a stock mgm actor .
instead of being a great creative force , mgm now saw keaton solely as an actor -- and they wrote scripts for him that had no respect for what made him great .
at first , these films with mgm were not that bad ( such as the cameraman ) but with talkies , the studio really blew it -- putting him in several films with jimmy durante .
durante 's humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive .
keaton , in contrast , was quiet and based on action .
two more unlike and incompatible actors would have been hard to find .
as a result of this deadly combination , keaton made some truly dreadful films .
now this is n't to say that speak easily is a terrible film .
no , instead it 's just more of a time-passer and an amazingly unfunny one at that .
in fact , if you go into the movie assuming it 's a comedy , it will probably make the film harder to enjoy .
instead , it 's sort of like a drama with a few comedic elements .
it is not a film that will produce belly laughs -- especially for keaton fans .
the film begins in an odd setting .
keaton is cast as a college professor whose entire life is teaching .
he knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books .
in a bizarre move , keaton 's servant tricks him into believing keaton has received $ 750,000 from a dead relative -- hoping that this would spur keaton to get out and enjoy life .
this is amazingly contrived but somehow it manages to work .
not terribly well , but it works .
keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a journey to new york to have some fun .
on the way there , he meets up with an incredibly untalented theater troop .
because he knows nothing of the world , he does n't seem to realize they stink .
and , because he thinks he 's rich , keaton decides to take them all to new york to perform on broadway .
however , just before the show opens , his friends find out that keaton is not rich .
so , they decide not to tell keaton and try to keep him away from process servers that want to close the show .
they assume that if the show is a hit , then they can pay off the debts and everyone will be happy .
however , they forget that the show itself stinks .
what are they to do ?
and , will keaton get the nice girl , get roped by a gold digger ( thelma todd ) or be flat broke and alone ?
if you care , see the film .
as for keaton , he has few stunts in the film , though there are some dandy ones near the end .
instead , keaton just kind of walks through the part in a very subdued manner .
there 's really little to love about this film or hate .
it 's just blah ... when it should have been a heck of a lot better .

-1
post , college professor , receives a false letter stating he inherited $ 750,000 .
now with financial means , he withdraws his life savings of $ 4,000 , and decides to finally going out & live .
after having his baggage sent on a train to chicago , he meets a traveling vaudeville troupe , and decides there good enough for him to put on a show on broadway .
the night of the show , poor prof. post has to hide from his creditors , settle the relationship woes between girlfriend pansy and & floozy diva eleanor , and still make sure the show must go on .
after watching many of keaton 's silent gems , this one is a pain to sit through , but i felt , it could have been a lot worse .
supporting cast durante , todd , & selwyn come off very annoying at times , but still likeable .
a chan toler is good as the frustrated show director .
90 % of the script is badly written as mgm is trying to pass this off as a poor man 's marx bros. film where many of the sight gags fall flat from the beginning .
compiled with keaton 's drinking problems at the time , this movie just is a sad moment in buster 's life .
rating - 3 .

-1
what is the most harrowing movie ever made ?
the nightmare of ` cries and whispers ' ?
the acid psychodramas of fassbinder ?
the discomfiting black comedy of ` last house on the left ?
i 'm sure for that portion of the film-loving public that tie their masts to the good ship buster keaton , there is only one answer - any one of his sound films .
i do n't know what flayed my soul more poignantly in this movie - the grounding of keaton 's intricate and expansive physical art to humdrum slapstick ; the painful hesitation of this master filmmaker with dialogue - not that he has n't a lovely , comic voice , or that he ca n't make dialogue funny ; it 's just that the studio do n't seem to have given him enough takes , and so he seems to be trying to remember his lines before he delivers , which only makes him - keaton , not his character , look silly ; or is it the humiliation of seeing keaton caught up in a tawdry sex farce , when he has given us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in film ?
no , i know what was most disturbing - having to watch buster keaton , cinema 's greatest comedian , sit aside to observe jimmy durante doing his schtick .
it is horrors such as this that get yer dantes composing yer infernos .
mgm seem to have got the curious idea that the best way to adapt keaton to sound was to turn him into a marx brother , complete with verbal pedantry , elaborate , tedious ` clowning ' , shambolic slapstick , theatrical setting , triumph through chaos , and thelma todd .
keaton was just not that sort of comic , and where groucho 's malicious tongue and gleeful opportunism might just have made this plot work , buster 's socially inept professor ca n't , he is too studied and predictable .
what buster needed was to be allowed experiment like lang in 'm ' , or rene clair ; he would never have tried to hold back the tide like chaplin .
when a film like ` the general ' is alluded to - messing about with trains - the loss becomes even more apparent .
and the thing is , in patches amid the flat direction , the film is n't all that bad - there is an excellent jolt when a camera on the bus leaves keaton alone at a railway station ; and the denouement , if hardly original , is at least livelier than what went before .
there is something almost endearing about the way keaton slows down a plot that needs all the zip it can get .
there is a film in here about loneliness , emotionally paralysing order , the numbing effects of education etc . , struggling to get out .
the best way to appreciate this film is to watch not the narrative of professor tz post , but of emasculated genius buster keaton , trapped in a prison of mediocrity , confounded by new technology , mocked by a malevolent fate ( in this case the studio ) , retaining a stoical grace .
looked at like that , it becomes a kind of masterpiece .

-1
a o'neill play gets boiled down to a little under two , and much of that running time is devoted to actors with frozen expressions on their faces as they read their characters ' thoughts in voice-over .
it can work onstage , but it looks hilariously stilted in this soap-opera adaptation , which its heroine 's bad behavior and never explains why she has so captivated so many men .
norma shearer and alexander kirkland , overacting ludicrously , are outclassed by a naturalistic clark gable -- he 's the only one who makes the technique work .
it gets even funnier when shearer 's and gable 's son , a surly moppet , does the shtick .
there are also frank morgan 's brother ralph as an unsuccessful suitor , given to `` poor charlie ! ``
over and over again , and a young robert young and maureen o'sullivan .
by the time they show up , the voice-overs have largely been abandoned , and it plays as a ripe soap , with a sentimental fadeout that actually plays `` silver threads among the gold `` as background music .
robert leonard 's direction is stodgy and he shows little facility for reining in hyperactive actors .
it 's certainly entertaining -- there 's nothing else like it , unless you count groucho 's satirical parody in `` animal crackers , `` or an old mad magazine satire that rendered shirley booth 's sitcom `` hazel `` a la `` strange interlude `` .
but it is n't good .

-1
the man could do no wrong , it seems .
he could make a two-hour film from a story that could have been told in fifteen minutes , full of dead ends , boring , irrelevant fluff to make up the time , dull action scenes and shameless pretentiousness , and yet still the public lavishes him with unconditional love .
i loved metropolis , but metropolis was everything this film was n't : a coherent story with balls that knew what it was trying to say .
i could go on for a good while yet , mentioning for example the ` influences ' from other films that verge on plagiarism ( the madness scene in the asylum looked as though it was lifted straight out of the 1930 ` dracula ' ) , or what indeed that whole scene had to do with anything , but what would be the point ?
i would only get lynched by an angry mob of acolytes from the cult of fritz lang .
do n't waste 7000 precious seconds of your life watching this film as i did .
you wo n't get them back .
if you want some good german expressionism , that 's entertaining as well as intelligent , treat yourself and watch metropolis , the golem or faust instead .

-1
when william wellman was filming the public enemy he originally had james cagney and edward woods in each other 's parts .
noting in the daily rushes how cagney 's personality came through even in the supporting part , wellman made the decision to reshoot and switch the roles .
a star was born because of that .
another star had to wait a bit to be born because no one was as bright on the three on a match set .
three friends from public school 62 in manhattan meet as adults .
ann dvorak is the pretty one who 's married a wealthy lawyer in the person of warren william and she 's rich and spoiled .
joan blondell was the troublemaker back in the day and she 's done a stretch in the joint , but she 's calmed down and now is starring in a revue .
the good girl was bette davis who went to business college and is now a secretary .
they meet for lunch and light their cigarettes from the same match .
the third one to light is dvorak and the rest of the story is how she blows it all and blondell picks up the pieces .
but can you imagine if someone had the wit to see what talent bette davis had then ?
dvorak 's part was the kind of role bette davis used to go to town with .
three on a match is at best a passable melodrama .
had davis played dvorak 's part , she would have made it a classic .
she did just that for many a mediocre property in her career .
the four leads in the film are dvorak , blondell , william and lyle talbot and talbot probably gives the best performance in the film as a weak and shallow playboy .
down in the cast is not only bette davis , but humphrey bogart in a brief role as muscle to edward arnold .
bogey 's good in what little he has and arnold has one brief , but memorable scene confronting talbot about his debts .
talbot in a moment of insanity hits upon a desperate attempt to raise money and suffice it to say it costs a whole lot of the cast big time .
ann dvorak has a great scene in trying to escape from the clutches of the villains , but what davis would have done with it might have made her a star .
no one had the wit to see this was a bette davis picture with bette davis ready and available .
pity .

-1
i know this film has its defenders , and the opening scenes are promising , but i have to say that in the end i found two seconds unsatisfying , despite some interesting elements along the way .
edward g. robinson is an actor i almost always admire , even when his material is n't up to par , but in the final scenes here his performance is overwrought and unconvincing .
for the finale he throws all restraint out the window and indulges himself in over-the-top histrionics , as if to compensate for a script that did n't rise to the occasion .
to be fair , he was miscast in the role of naive , simple-minded construction worker john allen ; robinson was pushing 40 when this film was made and his childlike pronouncements in the early scenes just do n't ring true .
if this had been made in the 1940s perhaps broderick crawford or even lon chaney jr. might have made this character credible , but robinson 's intelligence shines through too plainly for us to accept him as an oddly virginal blue-collar guy who turns homicidal .
the premise is that what we are seeing represents the thoughts in a condemned man 's mind during the last two seconds that his brain still functions , as he dies in the electric chair .
that 's the hook which provides the title , but it 's little more than a gimmick for framing the story : what unfolds in john allen 's mind is a straightforward narrative of the events leading to the capital crime he committed , presented in the familiar style of a '30s crime flick .
( and the screenplay violates its own gimmick , for there are sequences in allen 's flashback that occur when he is n't present , explaining things he does n't know , which are therefore `` memories `` he could n't have .
) from the beginning the script sets up expectations it fails to meet .
in an early scene when john is working high above manhattan with his friend bud on the frame of an unfinished office building , he looks down on the people below and delivers a speech comparing them to ants that suggests a seminal version of harry lime 's famous speech in the third man .
we 're prepared to expect that john will come to fancy himself some kind of ` superman , ' and that his crime will derive from a sense of superiority over others , but nothing in his subsequent behavior follows from this speech .
instead , john 's actions are motivated by deep-seated feelings about the proper relationship between men and women -- and perhaps unspoken feelings for bud , his friend and longtime roommate .
more directly , john 's crime is provoked by his rage toward his grasping wife shirley , who tricked him into marriage by getting him blotto drunk and who indirectly contributes to the accidental death of bud .
shirley is well played by vivienne osbourne , an actress i 'd never seen before , who is vivid in a two-dimensional , underwritten role .
shirley , like john , is another character who is strangely inconsistent from scene to scene , but she eventually settles into the familiar movie staple of no-good trollop , a parasite who marries john for his steady paycheck and showers him with contempt when his health fails and the paychecks are no longer coming in .
we 're given no credible reason whatever why shirley stays with him , and when she seeks work as a dancer at her former place of employment it seems like a smart survival tactic , but this is where the story 's true thesis kicks in : john is now the parasite because he 's living off his wife 's earnings .
the script becomes increasingly shrill and hysterical as it reaches these final scenes , and robinson 's performance follows suit .
what 's interesting is that john 's speeches reflect the panic felt by a lot of men of his era over the painful fact that they were no longer the breadwinners in their households .
as the depression deepened and more and more men were jobless , a growing number of women , married or not , had to earn income through secretarial work , factory work , needlework , clerking in shops , or less savory pursuits .
it 's bluntly implied that shirly is n't making all her money by dancing , and it 's her success in earning `` low `` money that provokes john 's rage .
he states repeatedly that a man who lives off his wife 's earnings is no better than a rat , and after he 's killed her he complains that since he 's become a `` man `` once more it 's entirely unfair to punish him for it !
did the people who made two seconds believe this ?
i seriously doubt it , but does that mean we are to dismiss john as crazy and ignore his rants ?
it is n't entirely clear , and i wish the screenwriters had worked out their themes ( and followed their intriguing premise ) more carefully before the cameras rolled .
even so , this is an interesting , unusual movie which stands as a fascinating reflection of the period when it was made .
still , for a truly great performance by edward g. robinson i 'll take little caesar or double indemnity any day .

-1
ok , this just makes me angry .
this is a film where the original audience rioted for its money back , and the jerk who made it sent himself to a mental hospital ( where he probably belonged anyway ) .
now , long after vampire films of all sorts have been done significantly better , we have the parade of people falling over each other to be the genius who recognizes the true art of this thing .
really ?
it 's not scary .
it 's not horrific .
there are n't even any vampires as such , if you take out the intertitles .
it makes no particular sense .
there are some people and some things happen .
it 's clearly just made up as it goes along .
vampires are n't enough ?
let 's have some `` shadows `` .
that 's not enough ?
let 's have living people be under the vampire 's control too .
ending too simple ?
let 's ignore it and make another one that makes no sense .
this is , without a doubt , among the worst vampire films i 've ever seen .
i 'd say it 's worse than vampires ( 1998 ) and blonde heaven ( 1995 ) but better than from dusk till dawn ( 1996 ) and jesus christ , vampire hunter ( 2001 ) .

-1
although shirley temple 's obvious charisma is hard to miss in this film , war babies borders a bit on the suggestive .
the people who would put their kids in this film remind me of the parents of jon benet ramsey .
in a kiddie satire on what glory , shirley temple plays charmaine the french girl fought over by captain flagg and sergeant quirt as a pair of boy toddlers take over those roles .
it 's cute , but it kind of borders on the creepy .
definitely one for her still active legion of fans , but not one to my taste at all .

-1
i thought i would enjoy this film more having been involved with a crippled child in my family , but there were too many negative aspects in this film .
jackie cooper was simply cloying as he alternated between his two basic moods : deliriously happy and miserably unhappy and sobbing .
i found it difficult to understand how his father , ralph graves , could take his newly adopted son fishing while leaving a pleading cooper at home .
coddling should have its limits even in the movies .
uncle charles ` chic ' sale had the right idea about building up the boy 's self-image , but i disliked the way he did it , by insisting on fisticuffs to defend himself from his bully of a brother .
still , sale was the only one in the film i liked .
the new york times review mentioned that when the film opened at the capitol theater in new york , the stage show included edmond lowe , victor mclaglen , george burns , gracie allen and cab calloway and his cotton club orchestra .
now that would have been something to see !

-1
i was curious to see how this pre-code melodrama ( 1933 ) treats gender roles , given the greater artistic freedom of early 30 's hollywood .
thankfully , there 's a treasure trove of these pre-code films turning up on tcm following years of assigned oblivion .
many are eye - openers demonstrating a level of human honesty that would largely disappear for decades thanks mainly to the dead hand of watchdog outfits like the legion of decency .
perhaps in this case i expected too much .
yes , there is a role reversal as wife wray becomes the chief breadwinner and celebrity , while ex-football star , hubby raymond takes a backseat in low - paid anonymity .
and , of course , given social convention , this does put a strain on their marriage as they drift apart , and i 'm wondering where the paths of this promising screenplay will end up .
now , this part of the movie is both well scripted and economically handled .
note how many scenes are punctuated by moments of further estrangement .
plus , showing wray as a brilliant legal eagle in a man 's world does challenge convention , which the actress handles well .
but instead of continuing in that different direction , as i was hoping , the screenplay follows up with a highly contrived death scene and wray 's truly awful `` mea culpa `` courtroom confession , worthy of the worst excesses of 1950 's soap opera .
i do n't know why this sudden reversal in direction -- maybe putting a woman in the marital driver 's seat was too daring even for this pre-code period .
but whatever the reason , it 's a disastrous turn that transforms a potentially memorable film into just another piece of hollywood contrivance .
i now understand why tcm rated it a one-and-a-half out of four .
too bad .

-1
the frantic energy of ed wynn which went over so well on radio and in vaudeville for some reason did not come over well on the big screen .
his son keenan wynn would achieve film success as a character actor before his old man did .
it would be over 20 years more ed wynn would be seen live on film .
what he needed most was decent direction by a director who was versed in comedy who could have dialed down his perfect fool character to make it work .
he did not get that in the chief , his fire engine was going pedal to the metal .
for those who do not know the reason ed wynn was cast as the fire chief or in this case son of the fire chief was his well known radio persona .
wynn was for decades on radio sponsored by texaco and he was known as the texaco fire chief on the air .
like here on film , for his studio audiences wynn would come out in a fire chief 's hat and tell a lot of awful jokes in rapid succession like he was running to a fire .
the jokes were bad , but the delivery was hilarious .
in this film wynn is the son of a late fire chief on the bowery back at the turn of the last century .
a pair of political rivals try to use him for political purposes when they run and/or oppose his candidacy for alderman .
god has a special providence for fools and the perfect fool comes out on top .
walt disney utilized him best .
he was the voice of the mad hatter in his animated alice in wonderland film in 1950 and that was perfect casting .
later on if you want to see him with good direction in a live film , try watching his last film , the .
and he was quite the good dramatic actor in his last years , see him in marjorie morningstar and his oscar nominated performance in the diary of anne frank .
but the chief is strictly for wynn 's legion of fans and nostalgia lovers .

-1
this production by william berke stars evalyn knapp and preston foster .
if you 've never heard of william berke productions , join the crowd -- as this was a small-time ` poverty row ' film company that only released a few low-budget films .
the film begins with foster being elected mayor .
he 's an idealistic man who announces his plans on ridding the town of corruption -- not realizing how many from his party and his friends are actually evil weasels .
fortunately , he 's not completely naã¯ve and manages to put up a pretty good fight .
.
at first .
however , a corrupt party , a corrupt press and a corrupt prosecutor make mincemeat of the poor guy almost as soon as he assumes office .
and , once cleared of this set up trumped up charges , up come some more .
can goodness triumph over evil ?
this is an enjoyable b-movie , though i must admit it has many shortcomings .
the most important is that so-called ice bullets are apparently impossible as demonstrated on a recent episode of `` myth busters `` .
additionally , the writing was a bit sloppy .
for example , removing foster from office was amazingly easy -- too easy .
plus it was painfully obvious that the secretary ( knapp ) was wonderful -- so why did it take so long for foster to recognize this ? !
still , an exciting plot make this a tolerably good b-movie .

-1
while most of the reviews are pretty positive for this film , i was n't so impressed by it and it left me awfully confused .
that 's because this movie seemed to strongly support open marriage and living together -- real taboos for the 1930s and its obvious this was made just as the hays code was about to be enforced .
such a film never could have been made just a few years later .
i was confused also because frankly i did n't find the relationship between bette davis and franchot tone very romantic .
yes , i am a very traditional person and i just did n't buy their contention that marriage was a sham .
but , this does make the film a bit of a curiosity .
overall , this film is n't one of davis ' best .
she made some marvelous films in the 1930s and a lot of really mediocre and lousy ones as well -- so variable in quality that ms. davis tried to break her contract with warner brothers .
this would seem to be such a mediocre film .

-1
the `` f.p . 1 `` stands for `` floating platform # 1 `` .
the film portends the building of an `` f.p . 1 `` in the middle of the atlantic ocean , to be used as an `` air station `` for transatlantic plane flights .
based a contemporary curt siodmark novel ; it was filmed in german as `` f.p . 1 nicht `` ( 1932 ) , in french as `` 1 ne plus `` ( 1933 ) , and in english as `` f.p . 1 `` ( 1933 ) .
soon , technology made non-stop oceanic travel much more preferable .
stars conrad veidt ( as ) , jill esmond ( as droste ) , and leslie fenton ( as claire ) find love and sabotage on and off the atlantic platform .
karl hartl directed .
mr. veidt is most fun to watch ; but , he is not convincing in the `` love triangle `` with ms. esmond and mr. fenton .
the younger co-stars were the spouses of laurence olivier and ann dvorak , respectively .
both the concept and film have not aged well .
**** f.p . 1 ( ) karl hartl ~ conrad veidt , jill esmond , leslie fenton

-1
bruce cabot 's brother comes to work for the same flying circus during the age of barnstormers .
cabot really wants better for his brother , but the younger brother soon falls in love with the boss ' wife and does n't want to find a better job .
where all this goes is rather predictable , though the way the confrontation occurs near the end of the film is pretty dandy and woke me up ... a bit .
there were also a few problems with some of the characters in the film .
ralph bellamy plays the boss who loses his wife .
during the 1930s , bellamy was about the most typecast man in hollywood ( other than perhaps johnny weismuller ) .
his signature , so to speak , was losing the girl in dozens of films !
because of that , as soon as i saw that he was married , i knew she would ultimately leave him -- creating little , if any , suspense .
also , cliff edwards ' character just made no sense and was a real detriment to the film .
i think he was intended as `` comic relief `` but his character was n't funny -- just a very hard-core alcoholic .
if watching people hurt themselves and being drunk during 90 % of the film is supposed to be funny , then you know this ca n't be a very good film .
this was a b-picture and so it was never intended to be much of a film -- having been given second-tier actors , a rather lame script and only 62 minutes to tell the story .
a few b-films actually manage to rise above their humble origins to become great films , while most are in the poor to mediocre range -- and this is one very mediocre film .
the biggest problem is that the film all seems to contrived as well as derivative .
in the early to mid-1930s , there were quite a few films and the problem for me is that this all looks terribly familiar .
in fact , the same year this film was made , richard barthelmess made a movie with a lot of similar plot points ( both films were about brothers who were barnstormers as well as rivals ) .
if it had all somehow played out less melodramatically and had something different to offer , then i might suggest you see it .
as is , it 's at best a time-passer .

-1
a mediocre horror flick that will not bode well with karloff fans .
an eccentric egyptologist , played by boris karloff , desires to be buried with a sacred jewel .
he strongly vows that if for any reason his grave is robbed of the gem , he will definitely come back with vengeful wrath .
well guess what ... he gets to keep his ghoulish promise .
some real creepy music and scary atmosphere ; but having karloff appear only in the beginning and end of the movie is a let down .
maybe being jaded by the familiar thick accent of karloff , the ghoul just flirts with boredom .
other players include : cedric hardwicke , ralph richardson , dorothy hyson , ernest thesiger and kathleen harrison .

-1
this film is a curiosity in the classic horror field and it easily gained a cult-status for some very simple reasons .
first of all , because `` the ghoul `` was the very first british horror film with sound , and that 's quite spectacular since britain would later become one of most eminent countries ( with hammer , tigon , etc ... ) .
secondly -- and more importantly -- `` the ghoul `` was considered a lost film for many decades , so when a reasonably undamaged copy was discovered , naturally many boris karloff fans wanted to see it right away .
so , purely talking trivia , this film is well worth a purchase .
on the other hand , however , it 's a very uneven and lacking thriller that does n't deliver many chills .
especially compared to other classic of that period ( like `` frankenstein `` , `` the mummy `` or `` the old dark house `` ) , `` the ghoul `` is slow-paced and unmemorable .
the film stars boris karloff ( with an impressive pair of eyebrows ) as a dying professor who believes an egyptian jewel will grant him immortality .
he wishes to be buried with it , but when his servant steals it from his tomb , the professor resurrects as a zombie on a quest for revenge .
half way through the screenplay , the story all of a sudden turns into a comedy with a whole bunch of bizarre characters that 're all chasing a treasure they do n't know .
some of the dialogues are very well written but the film lacks action and atmosphere .
simply put , `` the ghoul `` is really tedious whenever boris karloff is not on screen .
and , unfortunately , that 's for about 75 % of the entire length .

-1
i had never even heard of this before and i can see why .
apparently , this movie had been missing for many years and they actually found a print of it and too bad they did .
this movie is a incomprehensible mess , you did n't even know what was going on and you did n't care .
the plot has something to do with boris karloff having in his possession , something that will give you more life or something like that .
karloff is dying and he wants to be buried a certain way .
he comes back to life and after that who knows what happens .
there are several other characters in the movie but who knows what their doing .
it did n't even make sense and you should stay away from this movie even if your a die hard karloff fan .

-1
celebrated artist roland young ( as priam farrel ) is very successful ; but , he ca n't stand the limelight .
suddenly , his valet dies .
as mr. young was reclusive , he is easily mistaken for the deceased servant .
then , young meets lovely lillian gish ( as alice ) , who had been corresponding with his valet ; and , a romance blossoms .
unable to convince anyone of his true identity , young happily marries ms. gish .
complications peak when the new `` mr. and mrs. henry leek `` are visited by the first leek family .
dull version of the arnold bennett play `` the great adventure `` ( 1913 ) , which was most memorably filmed as `` holy matrimony `` ( 1943 ) .
`` his double life `` is livened , however , by a rare 1930s film appearance by gish .
though the presentation of the story is not at all convincing , gish 's performance is sincere .
her `` tea party `` with the original leek family is the film 's highlight .
**** his double life ( ) arthur hopkins ~ roland young , lillian gish , montagu love , lumsden hare

-1
this movie from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd , grinding gears all the way to the sappy , b-movie .
the con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie .
that is worth seeing .
the scene with harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast , you may miss it .
definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by robert osborne in his tcm intro to this confusion .
there is no real conflict , and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character , al . .
i wonder if he 's got a job for me in cincinnati ?

-1
this is one of the very worst films clark gable made .
only parnell was obviously worse .
it is just so painfully clichã©d and the dialog is so lousy that it is something neither gable nor jean harlow should have been proud of making .
gable is a heel whose illegal activities result in his girl going ' to the slammer ( like the gangster talk ?
) .
she holds out hope that he 'll do the right thing but he just leaves her there -- unknown to either of them , gosh , that she 's `` in the family way `` .
eventually , the rogue returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie this all together into a happy ending !
they seemed to have forgotten about gable 's needing to take the rap and spend several years in the hoosegow .
leonard maltin says `` the stars are at their best here `` .
by what standard ?
best at producing unintended chuckles ?
gim me a break !
ps -- after saying this , my wife thinks leonard maltin is going to find me and kick my butt .
hmmm .
however , despite my comment , i think mr. maltin is the finest reviewer and human being on the planet ( i hope that appeased him ) .
update -- .
because i disliked this film so much the first time ( especially the ridiculous ending ) , i decided to watch it once again .
after all , sometimes when i watch a film again i like it much more and realize that i was a bit too harsh .
while that has been the case with several films in recent months , i still disliked this film -- even the second time .
most of it was not because of the first half of the film .
in the first half , harlow 's character was amazingly stupid but at least it was believable .
but when she was sent to prison , it was all clichã©s until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred .
the bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly dumb -- it just makes no sense at all and is akin to turning the movie into some wacky fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons .
i stand by my original review ( despite all the `` not `` ) and think that aside from parnell and possibly polly at the circus , it might just be the worst gable film .

-1
i decided to invest 73 minutes of my to life to the kennel murder case for one reason only and that is it 's directed by the great michael curtiz who if he 's not considered the greatest film director of the 20th century is certainly the greatest director of the classic period of hollywood .
if you have no idea of of who he is please take the time and trouble of looking at his body of work .
he has directed some of the greatest films of all time .
after you 've done that you could perhaps watch the kennel murder case which i think proves the point that not even the most gifted director can a good movie unless they 're given a good script the problem with the screenplay starts even before the runtime .
the title fools the audience in to thinking they 're going to be watching a story set at a kennel club and indeed the opening location takes place there where a prize winning dog is found dead but this has got nothing to do with the main plot involving a suspected suicide that turns out is a murder the screenplay is confused , inconsistent and just plain bizarre .
we 're introduced to philo vance a sort of detective who 's obviously based on sherlock holmes and watching william powell as vance you 're instantly reminded of bail rathbone in his famous role as holmes .
archer cole is found with a bullet wound to his head in a locked room so it 's an obvious suicide .
obvious to everyone except vance who states `` suicide is a psychological impossibility to coe `` how he arrives to this conclusion is unclear .
maybe jack nicholson did n't warn him ?
vance shows himself to be lacking in perceptive skills when it 's revealed by a doctor who has just had his breakfast or lunch interrupted ( it 's never made clear and the film contains these gaps in continuity ) coe has not only shot himself but he was bludgeoned and stabbed as well .
so think about it - someone is whacked over the head and has been stabbed and this great detective called philo vance did n't notice this ?
i have a theory that people who enjoy whodunnits are slightly less intelligent than the mainstream population but delude themselves that they 're much cleverer than the vast majority of the population .
if they 're able to work out who the murderer is before the detective that some how makes them a shining intellectual on a par with albert einstien or stephen hawking but we the audience are supposed to swallow totally implausible things such as coe receiving a fatal stab wound to the back and not realising that he 's been stabbed in the first place .
it really is a ridiculous piece of storytelling and despite it being one of the director 's lesser works curtiz does at least inject a pace and rhythm to the movie making it far less stagy than it could have been

-1
john wayne made a series of six films for vitagraph from .
the man from monterey was the last of the bunch and no better or worse than the others .
wayne stars as a cavalry officer in old california and tries to help a spanish landowner from .
the chief villain is played by francis ford , brother of the great western film giant : john ford , who would later play a role in establishing wayne as a mythic western hero as well as a legitimate actor .
the film moves quickly but contains amateurish acting from the supporting cast , missing spanish accents , actresses , and laughable swordplay .
wayne 's sidekick does offer up a few laughs though , especially when in drag .
* 1/2 of 4 stars .

-1
the only way i can watch any one of the early b-westerns is by deciding in advance to treat it as high camp , although occasionally a good one pops up .
this film is not one of those , but i still had a few chuckles at the goings on , looking for outrageous items .
john wayne is an army captain sent from a fort in monterey to convince spanish land owner lafe mckee to register his claim , else it will become public domain .
land grabbers francis ford and his son donald reed try to keep mckee from doing so in order to get the land for themselves .
the only comic relief in the film came from luis alberni , who reads palms , continuously introduces himself as `` felipe delgado santa cruz `` in a flourish , and dresses in drag .
almost everyone else , including wayne , is so serious it was somewhat funny .
i had fun with the good bad guy ( slim whitaker ) , the all-too-easy escapes , the stilted dialog , the obligatory love-interest ( with ruth hall ) , the peculiar sword fighting , and best of all , wayne 's mind-reading horse , duke .
when wayne was captured , he tells alberni ( who is outside the locked room where there are no guards ) to send duke to get whitaker 's men .
all alberni does is pat the horse on his rear end and say `` go on , duke . ``
this was set right after california entered the union when the spanish land owners distrusted the `` gringos , `` and filmmakers used the theme of land grabbing quite often .

-1
in sydney , australia , captain arthur hohl ( as nichols ) is hired by likewise burping sidney toler ( as ryan ) to take handsome douglas fairbanks jr. ( as fred blake ) on an extended south pacific ocean voyage .
harboring some dark secret , mr. fairbanks must lay low for approximately a year .
they pick up opium-addicted doctor dudley digges ( as saunders ) before setting sail .
after a storm , fairbanks takes off all his clothes and swims to an island where he meets pretty patricia ellis ( as louise frith ) .
they fall in love , but she is promised to reliable ralph bellamy ( as eric ) .
the romance is strained and the otherwise interesting w. somerset maugham characters come across as hysterical .
**** the narrow corner ( ) alfred e. green ~ douglas fairbanks jr. , patricia ellis , ralph bellamy , dudley digges

-1
aviators like antoine de saint-exupery , who wrote this novel , seem not to just like flying but to love it .
the ranks of fliers seem to produce a disproportionate number of writers too , along with sailors and doctors .
some of that `` loosing the surly bonds of earth `` mysticism seeps through , chiefly in the character of robert montgomery 's pilot , who has the same sort of unspoken affair with the sky that chuck yeager did in `` the right stuff . ``
i do n't know what the novel was like but this adaptation by oliver garrett is pretty talky and slow .
and confusing too .
there are some scenes of flight with dramatic moonlit clouds heaped in mountains around a lone black biplane but not many .
and , boy , does it need some .
the characters are cardboard .
the most important is john barrymore who runs the airline and orders its pilots over dangerous routes and through storms and all other kinds of hell .
he 's the living embodiment of george 's `` stern parent . ``
you ca n't show any sympathy for these pilots .
they 're like children , always afraid , and you have to punish them for disobedience .
he actually says something like that -- and he 's proved right in the end .
when two men are killed , he practically throws the grieving widow out of the office .
`` we ca n't have that here .
it discourages the staff . ``
helen hayes is the grieving widow .
that 's all she is , a grieving widow .
her husband is pilot clark gable whose airplane runs out of gas and is lost at sea .
he 's listed third in the cast , but only has about half a dozen lines , the first coming about 44 minutes into the movie .
there 's tension enough associated with gable 's attempt to find a landing place among the storms .
and either the pre-code dialog is a little racy or i 'm more perverted than my shrink tells me i am .
robert montgomery is bundling himself into his bulky flight suit , preparatory to leaving on a perilous flight .
his girl friend watches him and says , `` i hate zippers .
they 're too fast . ``
montgomery replies , `` i go slow . ``
saint-exupery was a fine and imaginative writer , and this has a superior mgm cast and a lot of potential in its flying scenes .
but it seems to go nowhere .
well , one instance of particular care might be mentioned .
the morse code we hear on the radio matches the message as it 's being copied by the wireless operator .
that 's about it .

-1
it 's hard to sit through this miserable mgm short wherein the three stooges go through their paces with ted healy acting as a sort of master of ceremonies in an act that falls flat before the first two minutes are over .
at least the stooges get into their slapstick routine of face slapping nonsense with their usual aplomb , but healy is neither charismatic as a performer nor much of a singer , given the songs he attempts to sing here .
the only bit of inspiration comes from the dance routines that a bevy of chorus girls do , twirling propellers around and photographed from above in busby berkeley manner for some eye catching formations simulating planes .
this is the kind of act that must have killed vaudeville .
i found myself impatiently waiting for the twenty minute short to conclude .
not soon enough for me .
agonizingly bad stuff , dated and cornball from start to finish and a bit crude in the style of humor .

-1
a previous imdb reviewer has stated that ` rafter romance ' is a ` rip-off ' ( that 's the other reviewer 's term ) of a german musical called ` me by day , you by night ' .
apparently that reviewer is unaware that * both * of these films have borrowed their premise from ` box and cox ' , an english play written by john maddison morton in 1847 .
this play deals with two tradesmen who rent the same room from an unscrupulous landlady , each man believing himself the sole tenant .
because the two men have different work schedules , the ruse is not discovered straight away .
this play was once so popular in britain that ` to box and cox it ' became a common term for an arrangement in which two people willingly shared accommodations meant for only one person .
the innovation of ` rafter romance ' ( and its predecessor ) is that the two tenants are now a man and a woman , who inevitably develop a romance .
as is usual in these cornball movies , the guy and the gal detest each other until they fall into each other 's arms .
hoo boy .
the landlord in this film is played by george sidney , a character actor who specialised in playing jewish stereotypes that were meant to be sympathetic .
george sidney was never as annoying as the odious harry green ( the jewish equivalent of stepin fetchit ) but sidney 's depictions of jewish characters are still exaggerated and embarrassing to watch .
the single most notable thing about ` rafter romance ' is that , to my knowledge , this is the earliest hollywood film to make reference to hitler and the rise of nazism .
at one point in this movie , landlord ( sidney ) discovers his teenage son julius engaged in chalking swastikas on the walls .
and his son are clearly meant to be jewish .
admittedly , nobody in hollywood in 1933 had any real idea of what hitler was planning for the jews in europe ... still , it 's surprising to see a film depicting a jewish teenager who thinks that swastikas are a joke .
his father is , quite properly , angered by this display of the nazi symbol .
a very shameful aspect of hollywood history is the documented fact that all of the major hollywood studios continued to do business with the third reich as late as 1939 .
hollywood 's leading ladies were medically documented as ` aryan ' so that their films could be distributed in nazi germany and austria .
for the same reason , hollywood 's leading men were documented as ` aryan and uncircumcised ' .
except for darryl zanuck at twentieth century-fox , all the hollywood studio executives who in this policy were jewish ... but clearly had no objection to doing business with hitler .
i 'm surprised that ` rafter romance ' contains a scene depicting swastikas unfavourably , as this sequence would have rendered the film verboten in germany and austria .
( maybe the scene was cut out for german release : it is n't crucial to the movie 's plot .
) apart from this , the movie contains nothing notable .
robert benchley does his usual unfunny befuddled characterisation : i 've never understood the appeal of this man .
i 'll rate ` rafter romance ' 4 out of 10 .

-1
not the best of the lone star series , but it moves along quickly with good performances .
introduced as `` singin ' sandy `` in the main title , john wayne as a ` singing cowboy ' is n't successful -- you never even see a front close-up of him while he 's ` singing . '
the actual singer is the director 's son , bill bradley , who warbles away sounding like many popular singers of the day such as hutch or joseph wagstaff .
the film features : cecilia parker ( also seen in `` the lost jungle `` serial , `` tombstone canyon , `` and as older sister marian in the andy hardy movies ) doing her best katherine hepburn -- `` really they must n't ; really i 'm not `` ; al st. john , before he literally became `` fuzzy `` filling all his available screen time with his characteristic business of hat flipping , head and chin scratching , grimacing , and gawky physical gestures and movements ; george ( pre-gabby ) hayes as a gentle pipe smoking father ; and forrest taylor , minor vet of movies and tv shows , playing the oily villain with string bow tie and prop cigar .
fun or odd moments : yakima canutt 's great ` under the stagecoach ' trick ; the ` gay ' scene when singin ' sandy ties bert and elmer together face to face , drags them roped to his horse , and dumps them at kincaid 's office , where kincaid says , `` you 're a fine pair of lovebirds ! ``
; denton 's rapturous comment after an atrocious song and guitar playing performance by ` sandy , ' -- `` ummm .
i could listen to that all night ! ``
; kincaid 's reply , we wo n't go into that , `` after being told by a rancher `` you 've got the soul of a snake ! ``
; and , of course , he utters the immortal , `` i 've made denton an offer he ca n't refuse . ``
the plot of the movie is saved by sandy 's tricking kincaid , and later saying the three magic words in many of these films : `` i 'm from washington . ``
fdr has saved us from the depression !
( is that why the villains are always either bankers or in real estate ?
) the shootout sequence is taken from the earlier bradbury film `` man from hell 's edges `` ( 1932 ) .
all of the lone star westerns are special because of their unique mixture of interesting characters , the troupe of actors and stunt people , and the spin on the clichã©s and repetitive back stories and situations .
this one ranks a little low , marred by the inappropriate and mis-used `` singing cowboy `` gimmick .
i 'll give it a 4 .

-1
`` riders of destiny `` was the first of several westerns wayne made for the lone star arm of monogram pictures between 1933 and 1935 .
in this entry , the producers try to make the duke into a singing cowboy called `` singin ' sandy saunders with hilarious results .
any wayne fan knows that the duke could n't have carried a tune if his life had depended on it .
his voice was apparently dubbed by smith whose deep baritone sounds nothing like wayne .
wayne looks awkward and uncomfortable in `` performing `` the musical numbers .
thank heavens the singing cowboy experiment soon ended .
as for the movie itself , it contains a standard `` b `` western plot of the fight over water rights between the villain ( forrest taylor ) and the local ranchers .
duke , of course plays the hero .
he had not yet developed his on screen character and still looked like a poverty row cowboy .
also cast in the film were george ( pre-gabby ) hayes as the heroine 's father , cecilia parker as the heroine and yakima canutt as `` one of the boys `` who performs his `` falling from the racing horses under the wagon `` stunt while doubling wayne .
both canutt and hayes would go on to appear with wayne in most of the other entries in the series .
canutt , in particular would have a profound effect on wayne 's future development teaching him , among other things , how to move , fight and look comfortable on a horse .
as `` b `` westerns go this one is n't too bad , however , i have to give it a failing grade because of the `` singing `` .

-1
beautiful cosmetic surgeon ann harding ( as margaret `` peggy `` simmons ) feels her biological clock ticking away .
`` the years are going so fast , `` she tells her somber nun , `` am i , after all , just a giddy woman at heart ? ``
ms. harding takes a leave of absence from work and goes from staid manhattan doctor to fun-loving los angeles sophisticate .
she cuts down on smoking and has a whirlwind romance with wealthy playboy robert young ( as bobby ) .
you should expect their chance for happiness will be threatened ... this harding vehicle always leaves you wondering why she is so infatuated with mr. young while ignoring magnetic nils asther ( as helmuth `` `` ) , which may be the point .
**** the right to romance ( ) alfred ~ ann harding , robert young , nils asther , sari maritza

-1
rockabye is both the title of this film and the title of a play that society writer joel mccrea wants constance bennett to star in .
she 's a hit in the play , the movie left a bit to be desired .
this movie is strictly connie 's show and she has three men panting after her .
first is walter pidgeon who is a political fixer of sorts who is on trial for bribery .
her relationship with him causes her to be subpoenaed as a witness by district attorney charles middleton .
though pidgeon is acquitted both their reputations have suffered .
as a result the baby she has adopted is taken from here by the blue noses who run the bureau of child welfare .
what this crowd might have done with angelina jolie or madonna today is something to contemplate .
her second man is agent paul lukas who suggests a nice long european trip till the scandal talk dies down which she does and where she meets mccrea .
his character seems to be based on that real society playwright george kelly , uncle of grace .
he writes a play that proves to be her biggest hit .
connie 's lucky in her career on stage , but singularly unlucky in love .
the rest of rockabye will show that should one care to view it .
bennett and mccrea were a screen team of sorts doing four films including this one in the early thirties .
according to tony thomas in the films of joel mccrea and the authority on such matters robert osborne , the film was originally shot with phillips holmes in joel 's role , but connie got george cukor the director to re-shoot her scenes with mccrea .
personally in this somewhat maudlin film i think that phillips holmes might have been done the real favor .
george cukor who usually had such a good touch in these ` women 's ' pictures went off the mark in this early work of his .

-1
this is a truly silly film in which irene dunne falls in love with homes .
she is a performer ; so that wo n't do with his fine family .
she thinks she can get his father to reconsider .
but we know better : the father is the always scary lionel atwill !
she 's lucky he does n't her on the pot .
the actor who plays her son , many years later , is pallid and odd looking .
and the screenwriters ( and censors ) seem to have forgotten who is related to whom and how at the climax .
dunne is charming but she has a terribly corny plot to work with .
she ages well .
when she is an older woman , going under the name of the title , she is tougher than usual .
maybe barbara could have done more with this role .
but it 's pretty doubtful .

-1
i will confess up front that i have never understood the stardom of mae west .
she 's not good-looking , she has an unusual figure that looks odd in almost any outfit , and she has a dramatic range about the size of a walnut .
some of her one-liners are funny , but i find her hard to watch .
other comic acts of the time ( fields , marx , even stooges ) are much funnier and less dated .
my guess is that her pushing of moral boundaries made her a curiosity - a trend that unfortunately continues to the present day .
this film is a curious mix of a predictable dudley do-right style melodrama ( featuring villains in moustaches and fair damsels in distress ) with a comedy that never delivers much in the way of laughs .
( it 's hard to get to uproarious about white slavery .
) west 's vocal solos , hair , and make-up are hideous , and speaking of make-up , cary grant seems to be wearing as much eye shadow as his leading lady .
the best comedy bits are delivered by minor characters , including non-speaking extras in the bar scenes .
some jokes will go right over the head of folks who do n't get the allusions ( like the song `` where did you get that hat ? ``
played early in the film , or mae west quoting `` old black joe `` when waiting for her maid ) .
fortunately , this dud is barely over an hour in length , making the wait for the ending slightly less excruciating .

-1
carl denham is hiding in new york from every process server trying to collect on the damages done by king kong .
captain englehorn invites denham to get away on his steamer to parts unknown ( along with charlie the cook ) .
arriving on a tropical island , denham encounters helstrom , who told denham about the legend of kong .
helstrom , who is desperately trying to escape from the authorities , tells denham that there is a lost treasure on skull island , in an effort to get denham to take him to search for the treasure .
denham also takes hilda , a transplanted american whose father was killed by helstrom .
helstrom talks the crew into mutiny and our five characters are set adrift to the island .
once there , they encounter the unusual inhabitants , including a baby kong , who takes an immediate liking to hilda and denham ( despite his admittance that he was responsible for his father 's death ) .
while trying to discover the treasure , an earthquake spells destruction for the island .
can denham , hilda , charlie , englehorn , and baby kong survive ?
obviously this film ca n't touch its predecessor , but the sequel should have been given the chance to wait to end up with a better script , special effects , and production , rather than this immature and rushed film .
the film is short enough for scenes not to drag on forever .
there is little conflict between characters and a lot of the subplots like helstrom 's criminal endeavors and the mutiny , so this is basically a large budget b film .
rating , 4

-1
son of kong , rushed into production right after king kong , and on a much smaller budget , still carries components of its o ' brien 's superb stop-motion animation , as well as robert armstrong reprising his role as carl denham - however it falls far short of the original kong .
still , it 's far better than the delaurentis version and its sloppy sequel , which still is n't saying much .
great special effects , but that 's about it .
rating : ** 1/2 out of *****

-1
when harry langdon made this film he was down on his luck and struggling to regain his footing .
his second divorce left him all but penniless , his career as a star of feature films appeared to be over , he 'd been fired by hal roach and now found himself cranking out short comedies for poverty row studio educational pictures .
on top of all that , he was still straining to adapt his unique style , so suitable for silent cinema , to the very different demands of film-making with sound .
some of the talkie shorts langdon made for educational are surprisingly enjoyable while others are awkward retreads of his silent material , but there was reason to expect that the stage hand might be something special : harry co-authored the script and directed this short , his first directorial job since his ill-fated hitch at first national five years earlier .
under similar circumstances at the same studio in the mid-1930s buster keaton pulled himself together and produced grand slam opera , his best film of the period ; could harry manage the same feat ?
sadly , it 's difficult to judge the quality of langdon 's work based on what survives of the stage hand .
i 've seen two prints of this film and both seem to be missing a middle section that 's crucial to the plot .
the footage that survives runs about as long as a typical two-reeler , so it 's unclear whether this film originally had a longer running time or if harry 's bosses at educational compelled him to trim it prior to release .
it 's also possible that the short was edited for tv in the 1950s , and the edits were lost .
whatever happened , this is a comedy that begins promisingly with a couple of good bits and then falls apart during the climactic sequence , when gaping holes in the plot become obvious , unfamiliar characters suddenly pop up , and nothing makes any sense .
the story is set in the village of , which is in iowa -- langdon 's home state .
a silent movie-style opening title informs us that the town needs a new fire engine , so they decide to stage a play to raise the money .
( nothing more is heard about this , but the finale involves a fire emergency at the theater .
) in the opening scene the community players rehearse at the home of the director , a pompous lady named mrs. winters .
harry , of course , is the stage hand .
he 's expected to supply a doorbell sound vocally , but when his `` ! ``
is pronounced inadequate he offers another , more vigorous ring-tone that is ridiculously over the top .
( this gag may also have been designed to demonstrate that langdon could be just as funny with sound as he was without it .
) before long , another stage hand lures harry into what looks like a broom closet but turns out to be mrs. winters ' private liquor pantry -- prohibition was still in effect -- where the two men proceed to get sloshed .
this is the film 's comic highpoint ; harry would almost always shine in extended sequences like this one , set in confined spaces .
after this routine i think there must have been a scene introducing harry 's love interest , an actress in the troupe , whose father works for the fire department .
but as the film stands we jump instead right to the big performance , where everything goes wrong in time-honored fashion .
harry , who has a bit part in the show as a messenger boy , gets pushed onto the stage at the wrong moment ; an actress has her dress partly ripped off just before her entrance ; and patrons hurl food at the players .
( i guess people used to bring cabbages to community theater productions , just in case .
) some of the gags along the way are pretty good , but the sequence lacks momentum , and then when the fire department gets involved the plot goes haywire .
abruptly we meet harry 's girlfriend , who is on screen for about five seconds , and then when harry rushes to the fire station for unclear reasons we meet an older fireman who seems to know him already , but nothing is explained .
at the fade-out , when the girl rushes up to harry and exclaims : `` you saved my father 's job -- i love you ! ``
we have no idea what she 's talking about .
on top of that , the `` harry `` is this finale is obviously not langdon but a double who remains mum .
perhaps a complete print of the stage hand will surface one day , and all will be explained .
in the meantime , this comedy is another bewildering mystery in the star-crossed career of harry langdon .
p.s . .
since writing this piece a couple of years ago i 've come across more information about this short , thanks to richard 's book hollywood on the hudson .
the stage hand was made , or at least begun , in 1932 before langdon was hired by educational pictures .
it was shot in new jersey for the royal grand studio and was apparently planned as a short feature , but it was never released in that form .
the completed material was transferred to educational when langdon was signed , and then chopped down into the two-reel comedy that exists today .
so it would seem that the `` mystery `` has been solved , but it 's certainly too bad the feature was n't completed .
it looks like it could have been a promising comeback for poor harry .

-1
the story opens with bustling realism depicting the assassination of archduke ferdinand of austria at the start of world war i when austria and hungary were divided by political storms .
walter huston , as a hungarian mayor , gets initial prominence in the early scenes , with kay francis as his wife who is hiding some serbians from austrian authorities and who catches the watchful eye of nils asther , an austrian officer .
it soon becomes apparent that this is going to be a rather heavy-handed love story ( with some pathetic attempts at humor ) involving these three against a background of tumultuous political events while kay francis and nils asther have a fling at romantic moments that look like they 're straight out of a tear-jerker from silent films .
there 's even a bit of the ham in walter huston 's performance .
miss francis was never a great actress and she needs all her wiles here to make her role as huston 's wife even remotely credible .
that she fails is evident from her first appearance and she looks uncomfortable in her period costumes .
of course , i may be biased .
i never did like kay francis nor was i able to see her creating a real or likable character in any role she played .
since this is not a typical francis film , it 's a bit more tolerable than most , except for some extravagant overacting in '30s fashion .
it 's a film that goes steadily downhill after the well staged opening of the assassination -- straining for a sense of excitement and importance but it fails miserably to connect .
lush production values ca n't hide a mawkishly sentimental script and another teary role for miss francis as the wife in love with another man .

-1
the acting in this film was of the old school : corny and stiff .
irene dunne is luminous , and comes off the best even though she has some very unnatural lines to say .
still , her ability to convey emotion comes through .
old movie buffs will find at least some redeeming qualities in this film through observation of cinematic technique of the 1930s .
otherwise , it is not really that worthwhile .

-1
more poo than poe , this lethargic horror sees bela lugosi arrive at the home of his old enemy boris karloff with smug honeymooners david manners and julie bishop .
there 's some fun to be had in seeing frankenstein and dracula duff each other up , i suppose , but other than that there 's very little to hold the attention .
nothing much happens , and the 70 minute running time seems twice as long .
the film has a dubious morality that stops it dead at times : no one blinks an eye when an otherwise likable lugosi knifes a cat , and the ending sees manners and bishop enjoying one of those it 's - , ho-ho epilogues after they 've accidentally shot lugosi in the back and made a run for it while everyone else explodes .
it 's all very tiresome .

-1
frank capra spotted broadway bill ( 1934 ) between it happened one night ( 1934 ) and mr. deeds goes to town ( 1936 ) .
the director did not think much of the film at the time nor in his memoirs .
critics remarks mainly praised the cast and little else .
they were right , there are better race-track films out there , from charlie chan at the race track ( 1936 ) too seabiscuit ( 2003 ) .
this film has a first rate cast starting with warner baxter and myrna loy , the leads .
the rest , competent character actors from capra 's stock company at columbia the producing studio .
so what went wrong ?
the screenplay has ` whiskers ' on it even for a mid 1930s ' programmer .
there is every corny and trite clichã© that can be imagined in the script .
they even have franky darro as bill 's jockey , ted williams !
darro made a hollywood career out of playing jockey 's .
the worse portrayal is baxter 's dan brooks .
maybe in the 1930 's being a irresponsible and obnoxious jerk was somewhat enduring , it certainly is not in the 21st century .
this film should be viewed solely as a curiosity piece or for the real frank capra fanatics .
for some reason capra felt the need to remake this film with bing crosby as dan brooks .
riding high ( 1950 ) though longer is no better and we also rate it imdb four **** stars .
capra , post wwii seemed to have lost his ` touch ' .
he would also remake lady for a day ( 1933 ) as pocketful of miracles ( 1961 ) his last film .
his time had run out .

-1
while this is n't an all time classic comedy it is a pretty good little movie to watch if you catch it on a rainy saturday morning with not a lot else going on right then .
harold lloyd plays ezekiel cobb , an american coming home after growing up in china where his dad was a has come home from china to find an american wife and plans to return to china to continue his father 's unwittingly is recruited to run for mayor of his corrupt home town when the existing political machine that controls the town realizes that he would make a perfect patsy to run against the current mayor who also is the head of the town 's figure the bumbling , stumbling cobb has no chance to win and therefore the current mayor continues to run the town and run his schemes which makes them all rich .
lloyd is n't doing the physical comedy here like he did in his silent does a convincing portrayal of cobb with a reserved understated acting was good from all involved and the story and script were also quite good .
being made in 1934 the film does have some rather racist language when talking about the chinese and it also has a typical black character from that era but these stereotypes are n't nearly as mean as i 've seen from other films from that time .
although not close to being lloyd 's best film , this movie does entertain and lloyd is very good as wo n't be blown away by this film but it may be enough to peak your interest in lloyd and make you want to see more of his work .

-1
okay , i must admit i have a bias against some of cecil b. demille 's films .
i just hate his huge and overblown spectacles , as they are very strong on sets but very short on writing .
in other words , the dialog often seems very contrived -- even silly , but the sets are so over-the-top and outlandish you just got ta see 'em .
i , for one , do n't think all the money spent on the sets is worth it in the long run .
this is exactly one of the same complaints i had about the ten commandments and the sign of the cross -- just way too much was spent on magnificent sets that the rest of the film seemed like an afterthought .
the most egregious example was the long and entirely ridiculous barge scene where it was more extravagant , more over-the-top less and believable than if the number had been choreographed by busby berkeley .
basically , it was a 1930s song and dance number along with sets and props and extras that must have cost a fortune !
it 's no wonder that the remake of cleopatra ( 1963 ) nearly bankrupted fox studios , since it tried to outdo this paramount production ! !
and , the end result of such a silly production number is that you learn nothing about the characters and they seem more like incidental characters !
so , overall , i 'd give the inappropriate but eye-catching sets and production an 8 and the rest of the film a 2 , as it was boring and stagy and uninspired .

-1
this is a rather aimless mystery , with an implausible murder and an utterly impossible solution , requiring the witnesses to the murder to be death dumb and blind , and the corpse of the murdered to be light as a feather .
but that 's not especially unusual in mysteries of the era .
the problem is that this one is , by its story , stuck on a limited number of sets , and the dialog is not enough to sustain interest over the rather brief run time .
performances are fine -- no better than one would expect -- on par with an average episode of murder she wrote .
it 's really not worth sitting through this one to get to the solution .
( nor is it worth searching out the book -- which is just as implausible and dull ) if you really like ss van dine , and are determined to stick it out , there is one virtue -- the components of the murder plot that do n't relate to the dragon and the swimming pool are neatly done .

-1
not a particularly auspicious entry in the philo vance series .
warren williams simply does not match the acting of william powell who had the lead in four of these films , including the excellent kennel murder case .
the storyline revolves around guests at a mansion and the deaths of the fiancã©e montague and perhaps others in the vicinity of the `` dragon pool . ``
mrs. stamm , the matron of the house warns that a water dragon that has guarded the lives and fortunes of the stamm family inhabits the pool .
montague was not worthy of joining the family .
how a dragon would have ever been in the pool is simply ignored .
shots of swimming in the pool remind one of the creature from the black lagoon .
eugene pallette is excellent as the detective who is always remarking how his knowledge of criminology leads him to suspect ... etienne girardot is excellent as the coroner as is helen lowell as grandmother stamm .
love triangle does not lend much to the plot .
much discussion of fish in tanks that does not appear to serve any purpose - although they are interesting to view , especially through the tanks suspended from the ceiling .
perhaps one of them was supposed to evolve into the dragon .
orry-kelly costumes on margaret lindsay .
not recommended .

-1
despite having myrna loy and william powell in the lead roles , this is a thoroughly forgettable film due to a ridiculous plot and poor writing throughout .
oddly , while this was n't a very good film , they remade it just a few years later as stronger than desire -- complete with the same plot problems .
the film begins with work-a-holic lawyer , powell , winning a case for his client , rosalind russell .
at this point , russell throws herself at powell even though he is a married man .
at this point in the film , you are n't certain if powell reciprocated , but his behavior would seem to indicate he did -- as he was rarely home and worked hours a week -- a recipe for marital disaster .
this and loy 's desire for love would have made a fine film .
however , the writers decided to chuck the entire setup and have loy be blackmailed by a man with whom she really did n't do anything ! !
and in a move that makes absolutely no sense , she appears to kill the guy instead of just walking out of his apartment .
there 's more to the film than this , but it 's all pretty contrived and tough to swallow -- particularly in the last half of the movie during the courtroom scene in which powell ( the defense attorney ) works hard to prove his own client is guilty ! !
wow , i 'm sure the bar association would have felt proud to have him as a member !
the bottom line is that you 've got two excellent actors in a sticky and poorly written film that is simply beneath their abilities .
see it if you are curious but do n't watch it if you 'd like to be entertained !
by the way , take a look at the entry for this film in the leonard maltin guide -- the entry is pretty funny .
he describes cora sue collins ( who plays powell 's and loy 's child ) as `` an obnoxious brat `` !
this is uncharacteristically candid for this book but also rather true .
while she is n't as hatefully dreadful an actor as lee harcourt montgomery ( from such movies as ben ) or david kory ( from dondi ) , she is a pretty obnoxious and saccharine-sweet little ... kid .
despite her inability to act , she did appear in almost 50 films !

-1
twenty-five year-old frances dee is dropped off at a girls finishing school .
all the young ladies are supposed to be about 18 to 20 , but like dee , many look far older .
dee is a nice girl , though she is placed in a room with trampy ginger rogers .
despite initially resisting temptation , she succumbs very quickly to rogers ' urging to be a party girl .
while on her first and only binge in the big city , dee happens upon nice-guy , bruce cabot .
they instantly fall in love and cabot escorts dee back to college .
however , the dried up old prune who runs the place ( beulah bondi ) decides cabot is evil and forbids dee to see him again .
when cabot writes her , bondi intercepts the letters and destroys them !
additionally , all passes are canceled for dee -- even though so far she really has n't been all that bad .
as a result of virtually being held prisoner , dee is lonely .
and , to top it off , is one of the only girls who is stuck in the school through christmas -- though she is able to sneak away for a tryst with cabot .
how far they go is strongly implied but never directly alluded to -- though the intimation is that they did `` the nasty `` .
it also seems like maybe she was pregnant , but the makers of this film were so deliberately vague in their details that it 's all very confusing .
in the end , cabot arrives in the nick of time to sweep dee off her feet and leave this prudish girls school .
all in all , this film had a lot of silly acting and ridiculous characters .
in particular , bondi was rather tough to believe with her one-woman anti-sex campaign she waged only against dee .
this film is pretty silly and only worth seeing as an example of a sleazy film that is vague and confusing due to its desire to appeal to a very adult crowd and be acceptable to the censors .
it failed pretty miserably on both counts and was banned by the catholic legion of decency .

-1
tcm finally aired `` gentlemen are born `` on 9 august 2011 as one of 24 hours ' worth of ann dvorak movies , she being the star of the day .
when darryl zanuck was in charge of production at warner bros. , he would have never allowed this pathetic movie to go into production .
the credits say alfred e. green directed this movie , so he must have , although i find that hard to believe .
somehow , franchot tone got the starring role here , maybe jack warner thought he would lend some prestige to the movie , what with tone usually working at mgm then .
franchot tone 's acting here is horrible , his smile makes him look like he is trying out for a role as the next dracula .
for me , the high point of the story was when tone 's character , bob bailey , working as reporter , asks the businessman father of one of his college chums if he is familiar with rumors linking the father 's business to a bank that just failed .
mr. harper , the father , tells tone to wait in the outer office with his son while he goes into his private office .
next thing you know , harper jumps out the window and bailey is telling his editor by phone that harper accidentally fell out the window , a story the editor is n't buying .
margaret lindsay is in this movie also and she looks great , even if her role is totally unreal .
at least she does n't end up like another college chum of tone 's played by dick foran .
foran 's character gets beaten up in a boxing match , is wrongly tied in to a truck theft ring and gets mistaken as a stickup man .
next time tcm shows this movie , avoid it .
29 november 2011 : robert lee johnson , responsible for the story and screenplay of this turkey , floated from studio to studio as a screenplay writer .
he probably thought this movie would put him on the hollywood map , with its mix of pretentious characters and preposterous storyline , all played with a straight face by the actors here .
instead , this movie tanked and johnson went on to a career as co-scriptwriter for hire at any studio hiring .
if not for one voter here , my review would have scored all negative votes from the imdbers who saw this movie .
darn it , too bad that one voter ca n't retract his positive vote .
those negative voters must live in world where it is the norm for crooked to say say `` excuse me `` and then commit suicide by jumping out of their office window .
if this movie were a comedy , that scene would have been a laugh riot .
trouble is , hack scriptwriter johnson was being serious .
this movie represents a real waste of director alfred green 's talent .

-1
charlie ruggles is the whole show in this sophisticated `` b `` comedy about a butler who poses as his employer after getting money from him for his divorce settlement and going to a wealthy sea side resort .
gold digger verree teasdale sets her eyes on him leading to a wedding where everything comes to a head .
it 's nice to see that even the lives of the rich could be filmed on such a low budget , and this has a great cast to go with it .
ruggles is as droll as always , and teasdale is a shear delight .
hattie mcdaniel makes an early appearance as teasdale 's maid , while the brassy mayo methot is unforgettable .
at just over an hour , this is a charming but predictable programmer that just falls short of being a memorable screwball comedy .

-1
you know that it ca n't be a great football movie when 5 ' 6 `` and 125 pound eddie quillan is playing the lead .
no matter how good they claim he is in the film , he simply could n't have survived playing this game with full grown college boys !
to make it all the more ridiculous , he was discovered while playing for a prison football team !
as for quillan , he plays a role that might have been played by jimmy cagney or a few years later by leo gorcey .
you know , a pugnacious little guy who wo n't take nothing ' from nobody ( though they would have been killed if they acted like their personas in real life ) .
to convince quillan to go to college , college scout grant mitchell pretends that he 's a gang leader and the college was their base of operations .
this is a funny gag , but they seem to have forgotten about this part-way through the film .
at the end of the film , the usual clichã©s are all there though how they did them was strange .
some idiot sheriff arrests quillan although there are no specific charges .
apparently he was just picked up because he seemed like he could be a gangster and this is all perfectly legal on other planets , though it clearly violates the us constitution ( a minor consideration , i know ) .
when the mistake is discovered , quillan is rushed to the stadium where the home team is losing with only seconds left .
surprise , surprise , surprise when quillan manages to not only score the tying touchdown but kick the game winning extra point as time expires -- not that this has n't occurred in 184 other football films ! !
overall , very watchable and reasonably well made for what is clearly a b-movie .
however , to truly enjoy the flick you need to turn off your brain -- otherwise all the plot problems might just give you a headache ! !
a couple final notes .
in one scene showing the cheering crowd , it 's clearly a military academy game , as there are tons of cadets in military uniforms -- even though the game is between and state ! !
also , while set in college , it 's interesting that not only do they never show quillan in class , but never even mention it ! ! !

-1
a belford college scout recruits the best player from a prison team , thomas burke , arranging for a parole on good faith .
when burke hesitates , he shows him how he could also find potential robbery victims at the college .
rich people .
but he gets in trouble during the first practice with a dirty tackle and quits the team .
to keep him in school , the scout enlists the help of a pretty coed who happens to be a policeman 's daughter .
he quits again over a misunderstanding , gets arrested , gets sprung and is rushed to the big game in time to score the winning touchdown .
quillan did not look the part of a star as he stood just .
but he certainly had the look of a jailbird .
and also lots of energy .

-1
that was how the cast of ` seinfeld ' described their show .
but they were beaten to the punch in 1934 by warner bros. with the release of `` heat lightning `` , a static and unfunny comedy/drama taken from the broadway show of the same name .
the beginning was the best part , with edgar kennedy and jane darwell as a bickering married couple .
it made you think that the best was yet to come , but no .
the rest of the film is loaded with unnecessary , awkward situations and with the actors seeming ill at ease and mouthing stilted and clumsy dialogue which often falls flat .
i can not believe george abbott had a hand in the movie script and must have been credited since he wrote the play , because this script is poorly written and lacking humor in humorous situations .
this was a shame because warners had assembled a great cast but saddled them with a boring story which lacks action and energy .
ann dvorak , an excellent actress , comes off as whiny and annoying and ruth donnelly could have sued the script writer , her comic lines were so prosaic .
and a contributor mentioned ` key largo ' ? !
there is no similarity at all .
`` heat lightning `` ran only 44 performances on broadway for a reason , and i 'll bet it was n't the depression .
the four rating points are for the cast despite the fact they were mistreated .

-1
that 's the only thought that keeps running through one 's head while watching this 1934 version of `` imitation of life `` : `` for its time ... `` `` for its time , `` this must have seemed a breakthrough in some ways , mainly its depiction of '30s racism .
the same can be said for the 1957 douglas sirk version : `` for its time ... `` certainly , in terms of film making , writing , directing and acting , the 1934 version is nothing out of the .
it 's stagy , slow and poorly written .
seriously : after the supposedly emotionally draining sequence of louise beavers ' death scene and funeral , with the return of daughter fredi washington ( `` i killed my own mother `` ) , followed by the ludicrously insulting coda of claudette 's utterance of the film 's immortal last line , `` i want my quack-quack , `` one can only wonder that this was all received as anything but a cheap joke posing as sloppy sentimentality .
colbert is terrific , as always .
a wonderful actress throughout her long career .
still , knowing she early on insisted the left side of her face was more photogenic than the right , it 's fascinating to witness her actor 's vanity at work in every scene .
but regardless of the quality of her material , colbert never delivered a false line-reading , on screen or on stage .
even in french ( which she spoke fluently ) .
louise beavers is good , `` for its time ... , `` but hardly gives a `` breakthrough `` performance , for 1934 or any other year .
especially compared to juanita moore 's amazing performance in this role 23 years later ( with a better , but not that much better , script ) .
fredi washington seems good , but it 's hard to tell , since she was given so little screen time .
was her part so small because of the racism of the time ?
probably .
but it 's unfair to compare fredi washington 's bit role here to the electrifying susan kohner in sirk 's version .
note too that sound films of the early '30s were still not yet comfortable with `` scoring `` except for titles and end-credits .
incidental music had to come from an apparent on screen `` source `` like a radio or orchestra ( the party sequence , here ) , it was thought .
so , when a low off-screen stephen foster dirge underscores louise beavers ' death scene , colbert 's daughter has to open the bedroom door to reveal a trio of heretofore unseen black household servants singing it outside in the hallway like some black-face `` coon `` trio , as they were called , suddenly dropped in from vaudeville 's yesteryear circuit .
even `` for its time , `` there 's no excuse for the sappy last line , meant to hearken back to the `` innocent `` days when the film began with mommy bathing her two year old .
bad enough the line has to be said once , much less twice .
but there it is .
`` i want my quack-quack . ``
sure , douglas sirk 's version has 23 years of film making experience on this one .
but some films from the early '30s still shimmer and shine even today , nearly 80 years later .
this one does n't .
except as a curious relic whose only value is as an archive `` for its time . ``
sirk 's version is the definitive one , say what you will about its over-the-top `` camp `` elements .
yes , it too is `` for its time . ``
but it still packs a powerful emotional wallop and always will , as one of the , film melodramas of all time .

-1
it 's 1934 , and the breen office is beginning to strictly enforce the hays code .
originally put in place in 1930 , the code was ignored for years by hollywood producers , who plied their audiences with immorality and vice .
the audiences loved it , of course , but america 's had had it with drug use , adultery , and hints of homosexuality , and breen began to crack down .
what does this have to with kentucky kernels ?
well , gone are wheeler and woolsey 's nudge nudge wink wink repartee , to be replaced by broad slapstick and agonizing racial humor .
the result is an unsatisfying mess , with the boys saddled with cute lil ' spanky mcfarland for good measure in this tale of fussin ' and ' in the old confederacy .
the film just does n't have the saucy joie de vivre of the pre-code wheeler and , and the presence of poor old willie best ( here in his sleep 'n ' eat persona ) guarantees 99 % of the modern day audience will find offense with this film .
there are a few laughs , but you 're best advised to stick with the comedy team 's earlier output .

-1
i 'm not going to criticize the movie .
there is n't that much to talk about .
it has good animal actions scenes which were probably pretty astonishing at the time .
clyde beatty is n't exactly a matinã©e idol .
he 's a little slight and not particularly good looking .
but that 's ok .
he 's the man in that lion cage .
we know that when he ca n't take the time away from his lions to tend to his girlfriend , he will end up on an island with her and have to save the day .
someone said earlier that it is a history lesson .
the scenes at the circus are of another day , especially the kids who hang around .
i did n't realize that even back in the thirties , they sailed on three schooners .
it looked like something out of 1860 .
i guess that 's the stock footage they had .
no wonder the thing got wrecked .
they 're always talking about fixing her up .
there 's even a dirigible .
it tells us a little about male female relationships at the time , a kind of giggly silliness .
but if you do n't take it too seriously , you can have fun watching it .

-1
even today with siegfried and roy and their glitzy vegas style wild animal taming act , the guy whose name is forever associated as the best in that profession is still clyde beatty .
as an actor however clyde was a great lion tamer .
still this feature version of the mascot serial the lost jungle does give beatty 's legion of fans an opportunity to see him work the big cats .
like sonja henie , beatty made his money and reputation in his field and just saw movies as a way of gaining publicity for his circus and he owned and was the feature attraction of his own circus , in the same way that henie just used her 20th century fox films to publicize her ice show .
of course there 's light years difference between working for 20th century fox and mascot pictures .
the condensed feature film has a whole lot of things that any serial would have , lost island , lost treasure on same , a dirigible with beatty and sidekick syd saylor on board , a shipwreck with beatty 's girl friend cecilia parker on it .
plus lots of encounters with lions and tigers who are on this mysterious lost island of kumar in the indian ocean which has animals native to both africa and asia .
it even has a young mickey rooney at the beginning of the film as a kid going to beatty 's circus .
it 's not much of a film , but it is a chance to see clyde beatty who was the very best at what he did .

-1
it sometimes happens after reading the reviews of a movie , i wonder if i 've seen the same movie other reviewers seem to have seen .
this movie ranks as one of the worse i have ever wasted my time on .
if robinson had n't been the star , i would have deleted it from the dvr right after the calhern character ( stanley vance ) shows up and astor 's character ( jessica welles ) goes into a docile trance-like state .
i find the whole svengali concept hogwash or , at the very least pathetic and sad .
who knows why robinson , astor and clarke accepted parts in this movie .
calhern , however , probably had a ball with his outlandish villain 's role .
robinson 's make-up was dreadful and it passes belief that those who knew him as damon welles could possibly not recognize him as jules .
the final straw was that the murder was solved as a result of a fake mustaches being left in the hotel room bible !
this movie is only worth a look because robinson is in it .

-1
i 've never been at a loss to describe a film , but this time i think i 've met my match .
with no idea of what i was in for , `` maniac `` managed to turn a mere fifty one minutes into a hallucinogenic experience without the drugs .
with lines like `` what i want is a victim with a shattered heart `` , and `` what was in that hypo ? ``
, this x-rated `` b `` movie is in a league of it 's own .
that 's not to say the film was bad , or even in the `` so bad it 's good `` category .
there are worse movies , believe me , if you 've seen `` the beast of yucca flats `` you 'll realize that .
however this film has some of the most bizarre elements you 'll ever see , and they just keep coming at you .
if the demented dr. meirschultz ( horace b. carpenter ) does n't wake you up with his `` `` maniacal laugh , then you 'll certainly be entertained by the eye popping cat scene , and that 's meant literally .
if you thought it could n't get any more gross , well just wait a second , and you 'll witness mad doc impersonator don maxwell ( bill woods ) munch it down for maximum effect .
you 've got things here you never expect to see - cats chasing mice , cats fighting each other , women fighting each other in a different version of cat fight , hypodermic needles , a dead body bricked up behind a wall , and more , so much more you wo n't believe what you 're viewing .
oh yes , and there 's a bare breasted woman too , so nonchalantly and provocatively inserted that you 'll have to rewind to be sure you 're not imagining it .
all this from a film that starts out like your standard evil scientist creating life movie .
there 's even a dead woman brought back to life , which by the time the film is over , you realize is one of the more believable elements of the story .
chalk this one up to one rare movie going experience .
if i ever host my own late night elvira fest , this will be the one to debut the series .
it 's `` reefer madness `` without the weed , and one weird ride into bizarro land you 'll never forget , as hard as you may try .

-1
`` once a ham , always a ham . ``
this statement by mad scientist trying frankenstein like experiments , made to his assistant , is remarkably suitable for the acting in this film .
the story line is a bit incoherent here , as a mad scientist is killed by his assistant who then disguises himself as his employer and goes on a killing spree and a method for getting rid of the body that could be taken from poe .
i watched this movie once before and was less than impressed .
this time , i was more impressed by that it is any better a movie on the second time around , but i could begin to see it in a `` plan 9 from outer space `` kind of way , including footage taken from other movies ( in this case , some of the earlier silent films like faust and haxan ) .
there are a few fairly gory ( for the 1930 's ) scenes and a bit of humor ( both intentional and unintentional ) thrown in , as well as some murderous women and a gratuitous scene of women in various states of undress .
in the end , i 've decided that i kind of like this film .
it is bad , the plot is scattered at best , the acting is over the top and the whole thing seems very amateurish , but it is fun in a so-bad-it 's good kind of way .
if you do n't like that kind of horror film , then stay away from this one .

-1
i agree with a previous imdb reviewer , who said that this film is clumsy german propaganda .
( there were times when nazi propaganda was very subtle and artful ... but you would n't know it here .
) ' a man wants to go to germany ' does seem intent upon preparing german audiences for another war ... which is rather frightening , as this movie was made in 1934 : comparatively early in hitler 's regime , at a time when other world leaders still considered him a man who could be reasoned with .
this film is set in 1914 .
hagen and brack are two young german men , working in a factory in argentina .
when archduke ferdinand is assassinated , and the kaiser declares war , these two young are perfectly placed to say ` good job we 're on a completely different continent , then . '
but they 're loyal germans , so they straight away rush to get home and enlist .
they book passage homeward aboard a liner , sailing under neutral colours .
but the ship is intercepted by a british naval vessel , crewed entirely by effete englishmen ( played by incompetent german actors ) .
our two are illegally arrested in international waters and transported to a pow camp in jamaica , which is filled with comical west indians ( played by germans in blackface ) .
one of them attempts a jamaican accent .
spoilers coming .
hagen and brack cross paths with an exotic cuban seã±orita named manuela , played by a german actress with the monicker brigitte horney ( a name to conjure with ) .
watching this movie in the early 21st century , when hitler 's crimes are in the past but fidel castro 's crimes are still a going concern , i was intrigued that a nazi movie would feature a cuban heroine .
fraulein horney helps hans and fritz escape , and she is so entranced by handsome hagen ( a strapping example of manly aryan youth ) that she accompanies him and brack back to germany .
happy endings all round , although german audiences in 1934 must have realised that hagen and brack are going home to fight a war that would end in a humiliating defeat for the kaiser , and a huge death toll ... this film goes far out of its way to depict germans as noble , cubans as exotic and sensual , the english as effete bullies , and west indian negroes as subhuman idiots .
one wonders if the filmmakers actually believed their own propaganda , or if they were merely intent on brainwashing their audiences .
the most interesting credit here is that of paul wegener , a vitally important german film actor whose talents as a director are often overlooked yet very much in evidence here in this well-paced ( though ludicrous ) film .
the exterior sequences are very impressive , especially those taking place in cuba .
( i wonder where these scenes were actually shot .
) purely for its entertainment value , i 'll ignore this movie 's loathsome political agenda and i 'll rate it 4 points out of 10 .

-1
not quite what the legend surrounding it would lead you to believe , `` `` is a quite predictable movie in a mode , stylistically akin to any of a number of better max ophuls movies of its time ( e.g . `` liebelei `` , `` la signora di tutti `` ) , not to speak of such later ophuls masterpieces as `` la ronde `` or `` madame de `` .
willi forst quite engagingly presents the social life of turn-of-the-century viennese high society , much as quite a number of the characters he brings into play are stereotypes and character development seems to be outside his range .
the great paula wessely , an actress with few peers on the stage -- edwige feuillã¨re and laurette taylor come to mind -- does what is a routine job as a predictable goodie-two-shoes character .
on stage her voice was unforgettable ( i saw her live once at the and once at the ) , the kind of voice you would love to listen to even in a reading of the vienna phonebook .
in this movie her splendid voice is not yet fully developed , but admittedly `` `` was made when wessely was still in her twenties .
moreover , though touched with a considerable amount of viennese charm , wessely was never quite a classic beauty like isa miranda , ophuls ' signora , or audrey hepburn who would have made an excellent dur .
hans moser does his shtick here like in any other hans moser movie , but without anything specific to set this supposed masterpiece above routine .
in retrospect , the funniest thing maybe is , that olga tschechowa , an undistinguished actress with good , though hardly very good , looks , afflicted by an unmistakable frigidity , was revered in the german-speaking world of her time ( the thirties ) as some exotic femme fatale .
in the role of the dowager , the respectable julia pales in comparison with say dame edith evans , the doyenne of moviedom .
the character 's `` in my days things were more exciting `` gimmick goes well once , or even twice , but by the time it is getting to be repeated over and over , one feels that forst is catering to the taste of some viennese grannies and not to the needs of a movie of genuine integrity .
on the whole , the rather far-fetched story still manages to flow quite well .
`` `` entertains , but it also disappoints .

-1
first , i must mention that i love clark gable and myrna loy flicks and i adore the films of hollywood 's golden age .
so , my mediocre review is not the result of some prejudice against the actors or type of film being produced at the time .
the problem is that the story is just too earnest and preachy to be of much interest .
sure , we can see that gable is a dedicated young doctor and a heck of a guy -- but so what ?
most will probably find the film boring and hokey at times .
those who are real film buffs will probably be able to look past this , though most teens and the cynical will want to avoid this film .
that 's because these viewers might tend to discount older films or these great actors based only on this turgid experience .

-1
this film has gone down in history as one of the great turkeys of all time , and to a certain extent that reputation is justified .
anna sten , the ã©migrã© russian starlet samuel goldwyn tried to build up as the next garbo , was a beautiful woman and her english diction was n't as bad as it 's made to be .
the problem is that there was no way hollywood in 1934 could do justice to emile zola 's scathing account of sexual debauchery in second empire paris .
the nudity is gone , most of the lovers are gone , the lesbian relationship with satin ( mae clarke ) is barely hinted at .
nana , as played by sten , is a far more sympathetic character than she is in the book .
she shoots herself rather than rotting to death from smallpox ( a euphemism for syphilis ?
) no mention is made of her illegitimate child or the path of death and destruction she leaves in her wake .
the film is an interesting if dated curio , worth watching at least once , but proof that not every film from hollywood 's `` golden age `` is a gem .

-1
this is an mgm chick flick , 1934 - style .
constance bennett , a first class actress , is iris , a penniless heiress ( i 'm still trying to get my brain around how she and her drunken brother can live so well despite their circumstances ... they have servants who work whilst politely grumbling over not being paid ) who loves the napier , ( herbert marshall ) son of a prominent english family with interests in india .
his father ( henry stephenson ) bans their marriage and each goes off in different directions while carrying awfully large torches for each other .
my problems with the production : 1 ) marshall is ill-fitted as the somewhat spineless son -- he 's 44 here ( !
) 2 ) stephenson is a real one-dimensional turd until the big revelation .
3 ) the ending ( i wo n't give it away , but it does n't really fit with iris ' temperament ) .
connie bennett ranks ( along with kay francis and bebe daniels ) as one of the most underrated actresses around and is always fascinating to watch ... even in pedestrian soap like this .

-1
i got a kick out of this film for the first half of it , but it got so stupid with the main characters that i had a hard time finishing it .
however , it was still worth a look to see lupe valez .
i had read what a strange character she was in real life , and that she was sexy woman , so at least i have now seen her .
she was a very pretty lady and not shy , either .
this film just made it under the wire before the hays code came along , so lupe showed us about all of her breasts .
they were n't anything noteworthy , but she certainly showed what she had and a year later , she would have been forced to cover up .
stu erwin plays the boxer `` joe palooka . ``
he plays a really inept fighter and stupid guy in general who is endearing for awhile but wears thin .
the same goes for jimmy durante 's role of fight manager `` knobby walsh . ``
he really wears thin .
anyway , this is typical early '30s material which means very corny and dated in the humor and romance department , sometimes hilarious and a bit racy and edgy but one that bogs down midway through .

-1
based on ham fisher 's famous comic strip boxing hero ... a flashback opening reveals middleweight stuart erwin ( as joe palooka ) was left with mother marjorie rambeau ( as ) by womanizing champion father robert armstrong ( as pete ) ... twenty years later , ms. rambeau holds her years well .
but , son erwin seems to have aged an extra decade .
still , erwin enters the ring , after being admired fighting by manager jimmy durante ( as knobby walsh ) .
mr. durante pushes erwin into action , promoting him as the new `` palooka `` ( after his famous father ) .
erwin wins the championship crown from william cagney ( as al mcswatt ) , who is disadvantaged by arriving drunk for the title bout .
erwin also wins mr. cagney 's girlfriend lupe velez ( as nina madero ) .
all of this puts yokel erwin on the fast lane , upsetting mama and home-town sweetheart mary carlisle ( as anne ) .
note that the `` reliance pictures `` makes bill cagney up to look exactly like his big brother , james `` jimmy `` cagney .
ms. velez wears some eye-popping low-cut gowns .
and , durante introduces his top ten hit `` inka doo `` .
**** palooka ( ) benjamin stoloff ~ jimmy durante , stuart erwin , lupe velez , william cagney

-1
here is another cartoon by warner brothers that is plugging a song from its movie , `` gold diggers of 1933 . ``
this one does n't have a tenth of the clever and zany scenes ` i 've got to sing a torch song `` did , and so it does n't offer much in the way of entertainment except for the catchy title song .
i have to admit i like the title song and it 's the highlight of the short animated film .
what we get are birds of all kinds and a few people kissing in the park and singing , followed by a diving contest between several big birds , and then a swimming race , which has the best humor in the cartoon .
seeing the ostrich run through the water is pretty funny .
, however , the cartoon is no big deal .

-1
randy bowers ( john wayne ) comes upon the half way house at just the right time to take a break from the trail , and discovers a slew of dead bodies inside , among them a man he was supposed to deliver a message to - ed rogers , proprietor of the establishment .
he 's observed by the dead man 's niece sally ( alberta vaughn ) , from behind a hidden room , where she remained unobserved during the carnage .
`` randy rides alone `` was directed by harry fraser .
he uses a filming technique here as in other of his films , where he fast forwards the action from one location to another , usually involving a rider on a horse .
it 's pretty well done and appears quite innovative in these 1930 's era lone star westerns .
pre-gabby george hayes is on hand , sans whiskers , and this is the first time i 've seen him as a villain .
in fact it took a few scenes to realize it was him in a dual role , first as hunchbacked businessman `` matt the mute `` , communicating via pencil and paper , only to turn into marvin black , leader of a gang of outlaws .
black 's gang was responsible for the murders at half way house , in an attempt to coerce sally into selling out to .
another staple player is here as well , yakima canutt as a black henchman named spike .
interestingly , yakima portrayed a villain named sam black in another oater , `` neath the arizona skies `` .
there 's a fair amount of time-killing horseback riding back and forth between black 's gang and the sheriff 's posse , as john wayne 's character maneuvers to expose the bad guys .
in the end , he saves the day by securing sally rogers ' thirty thousand dollars , at the expense of destroying the half way house , where he exchanges some sticks of dynamite for the loot in a safe .
greedy marvin black attempts to open it with his six-shooter , and the explosion is a fitting end for the villain .
in his best `` aw shucks `` attitude , john wayne falls under the spell of the pretty sally rogers , and alas , randy rides alone no more !

-1
there are some good elements to this michael powell quota quickie , but on the whole it 's just a bit of earnest flag waving .
we 're in the middle of an utterly serious patriotic paean to british shipbuilding and british determination .
david barr ( leslie banks ) is the managing director , board member and ship designer of burns mackinnon , builder of british ships .
we 're also the middle of the depression , with british ships and rusting away , the great british shipbuilding companies barely alive and thousands of men out of work .
barr is positive he 's designed a new kind of freighter , so fast and efficient it will not only put burns mackinnon back on its feet , it will be the salvation of british shipping .
he is willing to go to just about any lengths to face down his timid board and deal with dangerous competitors .
barr is single-minded , dead serious , humorless and articulate ... the kind of man you might want to lead a charge but also the kind of man you 'd hate to have lead your church .
he makes one mistake and it seems he may lose everything .
but he does n't .
his ship is launched .
british shipping has hope .
the red ensign , flown on all british shipping , will fly the seas with pride again .
the movie is little more than patriotic nonsense with an unbelievably unflappable and dynamic lead character .
still , powell gives us some masterful scenes where the work of the shipyards is featured .

-1
of a major shipping line do all they can to keep that firm from successfully launching their new steamer .
there 's really not much more than that other than a couple of interesting photographic moments ( one involving a large group of protesting over their lack of pay , another involving the ship 's explosion ) , nothing much happens .
bad guys looking like something out of a dick tracy cartoon and a dull romance are among the clichã©s and flaws of the story .
leslie banks , fresh from hitchcock 's `` the man who knew too much `` , is the star , but this is n't really a worthy follow-up .
i have to rank this as a disappointment for its director , michael powell , whose biggest successes were years off .
it is worth a look , however , for students and fans of classic cinema , particularly of the early british celluloid era .

-1
`` the return of chandu `` is notable , if one can say that , for the casting of bela lugosi as the hero rather than the villain .
why he even gets the girl .
the story as such , involves the black magic cult of ubasti trying to capture the last egyptian princess nadji ( the delectable maria alba ) and use her as a sacrifice as a means of reviving their ancient leader who just happens to look like nadji .
lugosi as chandu , who possesses magical powers , tries to thwart the villains .
director ray taylor does his best with limited resources and extensive stock footage .
fans of king kong ( 1933 ) will recognize the giant doors that were used to keep kong at bay in several scenes .
the acting is for the most part , awful .
the actor who plays the high priest ( i believe lucien prival ) for example , uses that acting coach inspired pronunciation that was so common in the early talkies .
the less said about the others the better .
it is a mystery why lugosi accepted parts in independent quickies at this stage of his career , because he was still a bankable star at universal at this time .
maybe it was because in this case he got to play the hero and get the girl , who knows .
as his career started to spiral downwards in the late 30s , this kind of fare would become the norm for lugosi rather than the exception .

-1
revolutionary france : the poor put upon french aristocracy is being terrorized and executed by evil robespierre ( probably for hundreds of years of tyranny against the french peasants , but do n't let that sway your opinion of these virtuous nobles ) .
it 's up to king george loyalist and staunch protector of the european ruling class , the scarlet pimpernel , to snatch the poor innocent wretches from the guillotine and spirit them away to england where they can eat cake and in courtly exile with the king for the rest of their precious days .
i 'm not making any claims here that the reign of terror following the french revolution was justified or a good thing .
it was probably as horrific and ruthless any any blood letting .
but this story , written by the baroness orczy , just sickens how it paints the french nobility of the time as goodly victims and the french peasantry who rebelled against them as rabid filthy animals .
a quite unique piece of ruling class propaganda put out by london films in 1934 .
the production value rings of quality , but it 's just royalist bilge and a laughable reversal of the robin hood tale .
it 's also a nauseating vanity piece for an exceedingly pompous and smug leading man .
and a boring talk fest to boot .
raymond massey does n't help to save it , playing a character who should have had at least some shade of gray but is completely a scoundrel .
and merle oberon surely was the jennifer lopez of her day .
why she is remembered as one of the great stars lord only knows .
a rollicking bit of tripe at best .

-1
one of the last pre-code warner brothers comedies of sexual intrigue , `` smarty `` ( a misleading title , btw ) is based on the premise that a woman may complain about being struck by her husband , but if it brings on passion , that 's ok .
in this case , the woman is joan blondell , whom i adore , but here , she plays a rather unlikable socialite wife whose husband ( warren william ) suddenly strikes her for no apparent reason during a dinner party .
she divorces them and marries their mutual friend ( and her divorce attorney ) , played with little of his oh-dear mentality by edward everett horton .
in the same year he was with betty grable in `` the gay divorce `` , he was being `` `` by blondell here .
there is obviously no passion in the marriage between blondell and horton , which leads to a showdown between blondell and her ex-husband .
it all ends up predictable .
blondell really does try to install her character with some charming qualities , but the twinkle in her eye and her adorable smile belongs to her , not the lady she is playing .
she was made for pre-code hollywood films with her gold digger with the heart of gold appearance , but if this is meant to be a follow-up for her `` gold diggers of 1933 `` persona who ended up with wealthy warren william there , it is sadly missing the spark they had in that film .
she is condescending to horton once they are married , getting what she wants by referring to herself as `` mother `` when they are together .
it 's obvious that this is a marriage based upon spite towards her ex-husband than any love for poor eeh , and is virtually sexless .
blondell does look ravishing in the black gown she buys to tantalize her ex-husband at a dinner party , but the battle between blondell and horton over the gown is childish and pointless .
frank mchugh is present as a pal of the trio , but really is n't important at all here other than playing his typical silly goose type character .
it 's all art decco style but no substance .
the ending made me twinge .

-1
tiger bay here is part of a french colony in south america , not in cardiff and the film is a strange mixture , with anna may wong as a chinese `` dance hall `` / restaurant owner with a lancashire manageress and a waiter who 've emigrated from george formby films , a german-accented gangster , french-accented police and an english hero and love-interest .
although there 's a reference to `` effeminate jews `` in the first scene ( among british expats at the club - who are also caricatured themselves ) the film is fairly within its limits - the only caricatures are english class and - ` though - of course - the british hero has to marry the vapid blonde love-interest rather than the much more interesting lui at the end .
competently filmed , using a few limited sets skilfully and with a battle scene that is surprisingly well-done for a quota quickie , the acting is a strange mixture , henry victor , as a gangster , leads a convincingly frightening gang and the lovers are vapid and pale , with elocution taught english accents , but wong herself acts very well .
in the scene where she kills the gangster watches her face and she shows emotions which the censor probably did n't understand , fortunately .

-1
while slight and insignificant , upperworld 's performances keep it interesting , and it entertains throughout its overstuffed 73-minute runtime .
the film follows warren william , whose and self-absorbed wife hettie ( mary astor ) leaves him lonely and wanting more .
as a result , he meets linda ( ginger rogers ) and begins to spend more time with her , becoming infatuated .
her `` man `` ( j. naish ) wants her to con william for his money , but she loves him and refuses .
a confrontation leaves rogers and naish dead , with william eventually being acquitted of their murder ( he shot naish but only after naish killed rogers ) .
the plot is a bit overstuffed and tries to cover too much ground , from the murder to the trial to the investigation and it ends up a bit rushed .
but william is handsome and solid , without coming off as a selfish rich jerk like he might have .
he has great chemistry with rogers , and you can tell he genuinely cares about her .
he illustrates his competing affections well .
astor is beautiful and funny in her role as his wife .
she is undeniably self-absorbed , but astor puts enough touches of genuine caring and love throughout that we can clearly see she cares for william deeply .
this is a woman who is caught up in her own life ( her biggest flaw ) but she is not mean-spirited or careless , and she genuinely appreciates her husband and son even though she does n't always treat them well or give them as much attention as she should .
rogers gives a fresh , sensitive , and touching performance of a young woman in over her head and caught between conflicting emotions and motives .
the morality lessons about not straying from marriage ultimately feel a bit rushed and cheesy toward the end , and the film is a bit dated in this respect .
but william 's scenes with ginger rogers are wonderful , and if you love pre-code cinema i 'd certainly recommend giving it a watch .

-1
i assume this is a first-half of 1934 release ( and , thus , technically a `` pre-code `` ) as there is no production code certificate # displayed on the beginning credits .
for a pre-code , however , it is extremely tame and toothless .
with warren william and ginger rogers , this movie could 've really been fun if only it had been a little more racy .
in brief , warren william plays alex stream , a railroad magnate very much in love with his wife ( mary astor ) who is more interested in her social parties and dinners than in spending time alone with her husband .
this leads alex to start spending time with lily linda ( ginger rogers ) , a burlesque dancer whom he happened to meet by chance when he was out in his boat and she was swimming in the river in distress .
lily is the burlesque dancer with a heart of gold -- she has no interest whatsoever in squeezing the big bucks out of her rich new sugar daddy .
lily 's boyfriend cum manager , lou , has other ideas and steals alex 's love letters to lily in an attempt to blackmail alex . before lou can leave lily 's apartment with the letters , however , alex comes in , there is a confrontation , lou ends up shooting lily , alex ends up shooting lou .
from there , the movie becomes a cat and mouse game with a policeman whom alex recently had demoted doggedly determined to prove that alex is the second murderer ( the police found lou 's prints on one gun and an unknown person 's ( alex 's ) prints on the second gun ) .
i expected more from a / pre-code vehicle .
for instance , when alex has kept his secretary and chauffeur waiting on the street for more than an hour while he 's been in lily 's apartment , the secretary finally goes upstairs to fetch alex . what does the secretary see when he opens the apartment door ?
warren william dressed in a feather hat and pig snout singing `` who 's afraid of the big bad wolf `` while ginger rogers plays the tune on the piano .
it does n't get much more wholesome than that , folks .
this should 've been my clue to turn the danged movie off !
a couple of funny flubs - one big , one minor .
marcus the secretary is waiting in front of lily 's apartment for alex . he announces it 's 2:30 , and alex has a 1:00 meeting .
then up in the apartment lily cooks a brunch for alex , they eat it , clear the table , and start singing .
cut back to marcus and he announces it 's 2:45 .
how did alex and lily have time to cook a meal and eat it within a span of 15 minutes ?
then , after fetching alex and dragging him back to the car , the gang gets stopped by a policeman who gives the chauffeur a ticket .
finally , they are on their way again and make their way to the skyscraper `` alexander stream `` building .
the camera pans to an upper floor , indicating this is where alex is .
we then see alex walking past numerous employees who greet him .
in the background there is a clock , which reads 2:45 !
how can it be 2:45 now when it was 2:45 back before marcus ever went upstairs to lily 's apartment to fetch alex . then they drove , got stopped by a cop , given a ticket , drove further to the office building , rode the elevator to an upper floor , and it is still 2:45 !
the tiny flub is ginger rogers 's character 's name is spelled `` lily `` in the film -- on the marquee outside the theater where she 's performing and in the newspaper headline after she 's been killed .
however , in the opening credits her name is spelled `` lilly `` .
i 'm guessing the continuity person at warners was n't very good at their job .
however , that 's the least of this tame , tame film 's problems .
i would n't waste my time with this if i were you .
unless you 're a big fan and want to catch an early flick of hers .
this one 's not even worth it for warren williams 's fans .
good supporting roles by andy devine as oscar the chauffeur , ferdinand gottschalk as marcus the secretary , and robert greig as caldwell the butler .

-1
there is one bit of dialog that i feel needs to be revisited .
the husband says `` are you ready dear ? ``
to his wife before she drops him off at a train station .
her response : `` of course dear , i 've been ready for over an hour . ``
this , which is a statement that has never been uttered again by a wife whilst getting ready to be somewhere , and the character dixie played by stepin fetchit ( it 's surprising how offensive his character plays almost 80 years after this movie was made ) , are the only two memorable parts in this multi-generational tale directed by john ford .
i do n't mean to trivialize this great artists ' work , as he earned every accolade ever thrown his way , but this is a hiccup in a nearly flawless career .
there are lessons to be learned here about avarice and lust for power , but they 're sort of brushed over , because , as it turns out it 's difficult to tell a story that spans 100 years in under 2 hours .
just remember to put those who love you and have stuck by you first and you do n't need to spend the time seeing this .
rating

-1
if you ca n't understand what the lead actor is saying half the time , it 's kind of hard to enjoy the film !
that 's what i encountered trying to watch this as paul muni , as a polish coal mine worker , speaks in such a heavy accent i could n't decipher what he was saying .
it gets to be a frustrating experience .
if this would come out on dvd with english subtitles , i 'd be glad to give it another look .
muni , almost always a fascinating actor , plays good-guy joe radek , a pennsylvania coal miner who is used by his bosses to help them break the union .
( this film is very pro-union , man .
) .
they got barton maclane to play the heavy , something he was always good at doing .
maclane played the company boss .
i always laugh at how these billionaire film makers always try to make management or the rich guys the evil ones .
maybe it 's a guilty conscience from all the money they have made , but i see them more as big hypocrites .
however , i find no fault in any movie trying to help the coal miners who did , in fact , had it bad and deserved better .
it was dirty job and a dangerous one .
it still is , as far as i know , but conditions have to be a whole lot better than a hundred years ago so do n't misinterpret what i said earlier : in many cases , management was `` the bad guy `` way back then .
it 's just that , in most cases , it has been the opposite case the last 50 years and now it 's tough to be sympathetic to union causes anyway , muni plays an interesting guy who you have to root for ... if you can understand what he is saying with that accent .

-1
this is one dreary movie .
it reminds one of the images conjured up in upton sinclair 's `` jungle `` .
the art direction is very much early warner bros with emphasis on dirt and grime .
it has to do with the personal descent of an ignorant miner in .
his girl runs off with a company cop , he 's conned by an agitator into sabotaging the union , and when he 's finally on his own personal skids , his best friend is beat to death by the goons .
geez , whatever you do , do n't watch this if you 're depressed .
after what seems like a lifetime of self loathing , he is redeemed .
his girl comes home , he avenges his best friend , and all is right with the world .
dreck .
try to imagine paul muni 's natural accent enhanced by an affected eastern european accent .
the result sounds like yiddish with a mouth full of marbles .
add to that his over the top acting and plenty of dirt .
the usually agreeable karen morley just looks depressed and bored .
if i were in this movie , i would be depressed and bored .
the only stand out in the movie is the irrepressible barton maclane .
i think he is one of the few actors that would have been able to get through this without some kind of medication .
of course he gets his in the end .
i have the greatest respect for michael curtiz .
in my opinion , he is one of a small club of truly gifted directors - despite his brutal reputation .
he was able to create some really memorable stuff .
historical costume epics , mysteries , human dramas , and anything else they threw at him .
he has never disappointed me - until now .

-1
advertising executive robert young ( as preston `` pat `` patton ) is fired from his job for kissing boss ' daughter madge evans ( as mary elizabeth allenby ) .
taking a cue from his frequently uttered `` calm yourself `` motto , mr. young starts his own business , called `` confidential services , inc. `` young explains , `` our large and versatile staff will pawn your jewels , send your strategic telegrams , hold your hand during operation , or do almost anything you ask . ``
just say `` calm yourself `` and allow young to handle it , for a fee .
young gets off on the wrong track by delivering the wrong drunk to an overweight wife 's bed .
next , he is hired to keep beautiful madge evans ( as rosalind ) away from her father 's new wife because rich old papa ralph morgan ( as kenneth s. rockwell ) has been passing himself off as a younger man .
so , young hires ms. evans as his secretary , allowing her to become involved in some comic misadventures .
they also become romantic .
a baby and a dog are added to the confusion .
everybody tries to remain calm .
**** calm yourself ( ) george b. seitz ~ robert young , madge evans , betty furness , ralph morgan

-1
it 's not terrible .
it actually gets better as it goes along .
but emblematic of the frantic efforts for a laugh is the dog : robert young , who has set himself up as someone who can resolve sticky situations for pay , finds himself saddled with a huge dog .
the dog is ill behaved in the extreme and neither cute nor likable .
when things seem to have slowed down , the dog is , no pun intended , trotted out again to give proceedings a hectic flavor .
madge evans , the daughter of client ralph morgan , is appealing .
betty furness is fine as the girl young is after when we meet him .
nat pendleton is always good for a smile when he shows up , as he does so often in movies of this decade .
there are far worse movies .
but this one can get on one 's nerves in its attempts at being funny every second .

