1
yummy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i love this place , the food is awesome ( especially at happy hour ) the service is friendly and inviting and the atmosphere in the bar is excellent .
just for the record i always went on happy hour , a few beers washing down the free tortilla chips and dips followed by one of their delicious appitizers .
i will be back ! !

1
this is the only place that i get my car washed .
it 's a fair deal and if you go in on a weekday it does n't hurt to ask for a discount for the second level car wash .
thats the car wash i always get as i like my tires to be `` dressed `` .
they give me a punch card so i can collect towards a free wash and that makes me happy .
i have gotten a full detail here and will continue to do so every year as i believe my car is worth it .

1
very nice asian market with a foodcourt .
it 's like a mini mall with different stores and restaurants and a food court .
i go here from time to time and love to eat lunch before i do my grocery shopping .
i just went the other day and there was a lot more vendors in the food court and the bakery finally opened up .
at the bakery i got a cream bun , which was yummy with airy and light bread and creamy custard filling .
i also got some cocunut bun thing and the filling was grainy and way too sweet .
i also bought a bag of sho-pow with pork and veggie filling and it was pretty good , but later wished i got the honey bbq pork instead .

1
i just happen to be driving by corbins and it was super easy to located because of its loud , funky burnt orange color .
clean , organized with an easy menu where everyone will find something on the menu to eat .
awesome dirty martina and pina colada !
bbq baby back ribs - great !
ahi sandwich that rocked !
we 'll be back : ) great vibe .
thanks .

1
live music , good beer , progressive food ...

1
better than most in az . .
it is so hard to find any good chinese food here .
i had a lovely evening at jp .
good food , good service , reasonable prices , great company .

1
good size dinner salad that comes with your entree .
big portions .
delicious food .

1
i do n't have a mohawk , or a shirt that says `` the smiths `` or `` the clash `` , so i can only fit in rips ' social scene with my awkward attempts at charming wit .
when i heard the band jamming inside , and saw the dance floor packed , i was delighted to cough up the $ 5 cover .
i saw the great selection at the bar , and guzzled some woodchuck winter cider while my pal grabbed some well-made cocktails .
the wait was n't long , and the staff was personable .
the bottled beer selection also rocks .
i got the red hook ipa , and before i knew it i had a mighty buzz , with many strangers striking up conversations .
the atmosphere here is friendly , and this is coming from a yelper who usually sits in a corner surrounded by empty pbr cans .
i just ca n't get the hang of that stupid game they have on the patio !
if you try it and win , tell me your secret !
oh , and one more thing : i kept hearing about `` obscura `` , which sounds like something so awesome that it 's too cool for me to understand without checking it out .
i 'll be back .

1
i thought the service was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the glass ceiling in the center of the restaurant .
the food was n't spectacular , but definitely consistent with what i expect from a ztejas .
i had catfish beignets with fries which were peppery and great with the spicy tartar sauce .
my husband had barbacoa enchiladas which tasted fine as well .

1
garlic fries ! ! !

1
two-for-one tonight not busy yet but it will be later tonight .
not bust yet , but will be soon fun and great drinks 2-4-1 and the beats are great for dancing .
always a good time here now that it 's getting cooler out less people outside more stay in the bar , they used to have 4 go-go dancers now we 're down to two i hope they come back .

1
i really like this lowe 's and it 's at a convenient location for us .
the employees here are incredibly helpful .
our dishwasher was leaking and the gentleman helping us was able to tell exactly what the problem was and how to fix it .
we were really impressed ! ! !
will be back again !

1
not sure why , but i like the lodge .
i 've somehow ended up here on a few occasions , and it 's always been a fun time .
plus the food is super tasty !
fried pickles - delicious .
burgers ( any of them ) - also delicious !
happy hour is always a good time , cheap beers and half off appetizers .
great service , i can always catch the nba games i want to see , and another bonus , ( well more of a bonus for girls than anything else ) clean bathrooms !
fun , chill atmosphere with great food and drinks .
what more can you ask for ?

1
chris r and i were two diehard football fans traversing the bowels of sports bars in the phoenix area .
made soft by previous seasons of directv with limitless 30 packs of coors light , cheap homemade food , and plenty of room to stretch out in front of multiple big screen tv 's , we had it made .
bam !
flash forward to two leases in five months , a lack of big dolla finances , and we find ourselves out on the directv sports-packageless streets .
enter boston 's : $ 4 32 oz beers , $ 5 filling appetizers , an open neighborhood bar atmosphere , and hyper friendly servers .
the chairs , while they do seem like they were purchased at a garage sale , are incredibly comfortable and lean back for easy viewing of the ` wall of sports tvs . '
i 've never been here without a sporting event on , but there are no sports bars as comfortable in the tempe area .
thank you for saving us boston 's ! !

1
i refuse to eat in chains and sal 's is one of the reasons why .
the food is very good , about as authentic as you can get in the valley ( which is a sad place to eat in general ) .
the portions are large , the red sauces have some kick and they pour you a generous drink .
plus the place is a real value .
best of all real people eat there , the botox level is very low .

1
switch is awesome .
if you read nothing beyond that sentence , its ok .
the decor is very modern and sleek , and the music adds a good ambiance without drowning out conversation .
the drinks are creative , and affordable .
the wine selection is good , and also affordable .
where switch blows me away every time is the food .
whether you want something light , healthy and refreshing or something over-the-top decadently rich , there are options for you .
the cast iron clams are not to be missed , and on a hot day the spartan pita really satisfies without overdoing it .
when it comes to sides , do n't pass on the mac 'n cheese , but the one that keeps my mouth watering days after i 've had it is the greek feta , cucumber and tomato salad .
talk about refreshing !
the other piece that makes switch cool is the service , they are really attentive and the staff have definite personalities that make dining here a lot of fun !

1
oh , chipotle .
so delicious , yet so punishing later .
i 'm all for giant burritos , but damn .
chicken is win .
also , how come guacamole is extra ?
are avocados really that expensive ?
i did n't think so last time i bought some .
and did n't i just pay like $ 9 for a burrito and drink ?
meh .

1
had kind of an unexpected detour , needed transpo to the middle of nowhere .
they were quick , convenient , and comparably inexpensive .
the lady at the airport got me right on the next shuttle .
i as very pleased with the service and tipped him well !

1
the phoenix public market has become a saturday morning tradition for me .
it 's a very relaxing way to begin my day .
having frequented farmers markets for years i 'm quite impressed with how well put together the market is .
the stalls are easy to navigate , with plenty of shade for a hot morning .
there is a nice level of diversity to be found as well , from pickled veggies to grass fed beef .
everything is high quality and reasonably priced .
the produce selection is good enough for me to get all of my fruits and veggies for the week .
take that , safeway !
every week i find myself buying something new , usually on a whim .
all of the vendors are incredibly passionate about their products and it really shows in the quality .
if you 're in the neighborhood do yourself a favor and drop in , you wo n't be disappointed .

1
i did n't go out to lunch a lot because we had a fully stocked kitchen at the office , but when i did go out this was the most frequented .
majerle 's is a great sports bar .
a bunch of guys at the office were in to soccer so i would go with them to watch it here .
i was n't eating meat for hot second , and came here a couple times during that period .
this is when i would indulge in the good ol ' traverse city wrap .
i love meat but that is a solid option if you do n't .
the sliders are and wings are awesome .
they have a ton of good sandwiches and the shoestring fries are great .
i always tell myself i 'm not going to eat them all but they disappear by the end of the meal .
their personal pizzas are solid as well .
it 's funny , there are n't that great of drink deals , at least not at lunch , but i always ordered a tall ranger ipa for $ 7 which always got my bill around $ 20 .
you can probably be economical if you want , i just never was .
like i said , great sports bar .

1
ate here the other day for the first time when i had a meeting downtown and i must say i was pleasantly suprised .
servers were a bit aloof but the buffalo chicken pizza is the bomb ! ! !
i will be coming back with the wife and the three kids for sure , they will get a kick out of the pseudo stoner atmosphere ( hopefully not too much of a kick lol ) .

1
yummy sandwiches , the bread is very good

1
sakana is simply a great place to eat .
it 's small and is always busy .
the waitresses and sushi chefs greet you at the door when you arrive and thank you on your way out , simply friendly .
the place is fairly small , though it is not as intimate as one would hope , i am sure it is the way the tables are set up .
you may be rubbing elbows with a few locals while you pop a piece of sashimi in your mouth , literally .
the food is good , portions are decent , but sometimes lacking presentation and even size .
i have eaten at sakana 's many many time , times with folks from out of town , others with family and friends and i am sorry to say , but every time i order the same portion of salmon sashimi , the portions were all different sizes .
once my sashimi was served on a bed of crushed ice , awesome .
the next it was served simply on a room-temperatured plate , at least it should have been cold .
i have known the restaurant business long enough to know that of course not all dishes will come out the same , i do n't want it looking the same i would like to see consistancy .
the specials are good , the white tuna is always a winner , it is a very fatty fish so do n't be surprised , it is very good though .
the handrolls typically a kid favorite are very good , they are big so order slow .
their beer special comes with a 50 cents appertizer that is usually 4 or 5 bucks .
always a good way to get people to buy the booze !
the rolls that are on special are great , if they are in season and fresh , get it .
the only thing that i have ever returned at sakana was a piece of uni that was not very fresh , so if you know your seafood , and you have had great sashimi before in any form , on a roll or alone , you would have been able to spot it as soon as it was raised to your nostrils .
pungent .
the uni was simply not fresh and did not hold its shape , the sign of sea urchin that should not have been hanging around a restaurant .
to sum it up , do n't miss : the specials , the handrolls and the friendly staff skip : the typical california rolls and cooked rolls .
have some fun , sakana is a good place to try some good fish , raw .

1
the hotel is practically hidden from the normal tourist locations around scottsdale , which was fine with me .
even though it 's next to the scottsdale airport - small private jets and planes - there was hardly any aircraft noise .
i was surprised when i finally heard a private jet take off .
i got a great one-bedroom suite at a really great ( rack ) rate .
okay , it was june , so there is n't much demand for hotel rooms in the blazing arizona summer .
it was great for doing business and relaxing .
the suite included mini-fridge , microwave , coffee maker , plates , and utensils .
while i did n't have any meals in my room , it was a nice feature and the fridge came in handy .
the free breakfast was okay .
a full buffet with freshly prepared eggs , sausage , potatoes , yogurt , fruit , and all the usual breakfast items .
in the future , i 'll skip the breakfast and go to one of the local eateries .
i did not get to the hotel 's bar .
yes , this is a surprise .
they do happy hour for the guests every day .
my schedule was busy , so i was n't around to participate .
unfortunately , the bar closes at 9pm .
i would 've had a few `` night caps `` had it been open later .
i would definitely come back here !

1
i was here this past saturday for a rugby tournament after social .
surprisingly , i had a lot of fun !
i am not sure if it was due to the good company i had around me ... or the many drinks .
the atmosphere was probably the best part .
there is a ` mexican ' theme and they have some entertaining signs all over : ) i loved that they had 3 different bars .
i kept going to the one inside because it had the best service !
most of the bar is outside .
i love having fresh air and not being cramped inside a stinky bar .
i was really only drinking beer all night and i think it was like $ 3 or $ 4 domestics .
to me that is reasonable for a bar .
i noticed some good drink special signs for nights other than friday and saturday .
i would def come back here again !

1
i 've been to martini ranch a handful of times and i always have a blast !
i love the location , the indoor/outdoor options and the music .
had a blast there this past weekend , but it was also due to the company .

1
i 've attended lacey 's restorative class and chris 's power yoga class so far .
i liked them both a lot , so now i 'm a regular at chris 's evening classes ( but i normally work during lacey 's restorative ) .
chris does hands on assists during her classes to help you get deeper in the pose or improve your alignment , which i really appreciate !
the studio has free filtered water and tea and some spiritual gangster clothing , among other items , in the little shop in front .
people are friendly and nice , not intimidating or elitist .
i got a groupon package for 10 classes , and it was definitely a great purchase .

1
i completed the `` blazin ' challenge `` and whooo buddy was i burnin ' .
it was fun though .
the only con : they make you pay for the challenge , like $ 20 for the wings , they did n't have our shirts , and your name only stays on the board for a short while .
everything else was good though - wings are great & they have lots of flavors to choose from .

1
my husband and i went to al hamra for the first time tonight and we both really enjoyed it .
we started with samosa 's .
they had good flavor and taste , not a lot of spice .
the plain naan was warm and delicious .
entree 's were chicken tikki masala ( spicy scale = 3 ) and lamb korma ( spice scale = 8 ) .
both were flavorful and well prepared though i thought the sauce to meat ratio was a little high .
i do n't tolerate spicy food and 3 was just right .
by the time i finished my mouth was pleasantly warm .
8 for my spice craving husband was perfect for him .
he was sweating under his eyes and enjoying every bite .
both entree 's came with jasmine rice laced with cumin and cardamom - yum .
yes , the prices are a bit high but you pay for the location .
i think it 's well with it .
ask for damir ( not sure of the spelling ) - he was genuine and attentive .

1
i 'm a devout fan of a particular burger place in the midwest that does not exist in phoenix .
i missed it terribly , until i had my first burger from culver 's .
now , i can head over to culver 's whenever i feel like one of those amazing burgers .
my only challenge is choosing between a butter burger , a reuben , a mushroom swiss burger , a pot roast sandwich or any number of other delicious things on their menu .
oh yeah , they have great frozen custard .

1
nice neighborhood restaurant with upscale mexican food .
we 've been back a few times .

1
definitely not for the faint of heart .
when you go make sure you have your knee and elbow pads on , keep your purse locked safely away in the car , wear your undies , and make sure your are in good shape .
you will be up against some crazy b ** ches who will try and grab everything good in sight .
there are lots of crap items , but hang in there , and you will find an awesome pair of 7 jeans for $ 30 , lamb purses for $ 50 and millions of fantastic shoes .
if you are modest , you will be waiting in line for 20 minutes for a dressing room , but if you do n't mind showing off your body and seeing the sagging boobs of grandmas , opt for the community room and save yourself a hell of a lot of time .
also , plant someone in the check out line the moment you walk in - it always takes forever to checkout .
if you can tough it out and make it through your first visit , you will love this place and will be a lifetime shopper .

1
giving this theater 4 stars because my first and only experience here was a good one , although a couple things can be improved upon .
first , i went last night with a friend to see `` in the next room , the vibrator play . ``
as you may know or can tell , very adult oriented play .
the majority of the laughs were in the first half of the play , but as a whole very amusing , entertaining , great performances and solid writing .
it made for a fun start to our saturday night .
like most theaters , symphony halls , performance centers , etc . , they serve coffee , beer , wine and a few select liquors , which must be consumed before entering the actual theater .
likewise , i love the fact that one can purchase drinks ( wine for us ) for the intermission and the drinks will be poured and waiting for you without standing in line again .
bonus , considering the intermission may be your only opportunity for a restroom break .
the chairs are very comfortable within the theater and there really is not a bad seat in the house , considering it is a very small theater .
i have two complaints , though , which are totally fixable in which case i would easily rank this theater 5 stars ... 1 ) the temperature was very pleasant outside , between say 60 and 65 degrees .
inside , however , we were sweating .
it was n't a dripping sweat but if you choose to `` dress up `` to go to the theater , you might be uncomfortable , as we were .
2 ) my second complaint is about the website and the frustration in navigating around to find seating charts that do n't suck .
right now it 's a crappy , what they consider , 3d seating chart that when clicked on will show you the available seats .
the problem is , it does n't work very well .
it 's just not clear .
it 's sad when you google seating charts for the theater and ticket brokers have a better seating diagram than the theater itself .
so do yourself a favor and do what i did , find a good seating chart and call the box office .
it 's quicker and you know exactly what you 're getting .
my thoughts on the best seats ... the floor seats seem to be good and close .
but i chose mezzanine because i like the looking-down view .
if you do choose one of the balconies , i recommend in front of the stage and the 1st row .
if you sit on either side of the stage , you 'll inevitably end up leaning forward in your seat and resting your elbows on the ledge in front of you to get the best view , does n't seem that comfy .
and i say front row because we sat center stage on the second row and my friend had a hard time seeing over or around the big hair in front of her .
just saying .
great experience overall .
small venue , has a laid back feel to it with some folks choosing to dress to the 9 's while others were comfortably wearing jeans .
i 'll be keeping my eye out for other plays that might interest me , as i will certainly return to this theater .

1
i only give it 4 out of 5 stars , cause it 's always crowded .
went here this past sunday with the wife and kids .
food is always great , but they could do with expanding this place .
the table was small and right in the middle of all the traffic .

1
while it 's really hard to think about being `` a fan `` of cox itself , i 'll give the cox solutions store and staff on camelback a 4th star based on the quick and courteous service this evening as i nigh gleefully turned in the dvr , signifying total termination of cable tv service in favor of free over the air tv supplemented with a bit of streaming .
arriving about 6 p.m. on a tuesday evening , there were no customers in the store when i arrived .
staff of at least four were on hand , laughing and socializing amiably , but one broke off instantly to ask how he could help , and did so immediately , accepting the dvr and looking up the account to check-in the returned equipment , with no more than a moment of surprised expression on seeing the cable tv services were terminated completely .
he gave me a receipt for the equipment and i was on my way , mission accomplished , in less than 5 minutes .
it 's a bright , clean , appealing store front set up much like a verizon or other cellular store where you walk in , sign in , and wait your turn .
not a single other customer entered the store in my few minutes , though two or three were approaching the door as i left .
if today 's single experience is evidence of the regular scheme of things - after 6 p.m. mid week would seem to be an opportune time of arrival .
the store sits in an out-parcel building in the shopping plaza on south side of camelback , just west of 20th street , diagonally across from best buy .
there 's no store front on camelback , so you will have to enter the shopping center to find the store , which is diagonally across from best buy .
while i 'm quite happy to be back to free tv , in general i have not been displeased with cox service .
i 'm still on cox internet , at least until i can find a less-expensive alternative that meets all my needs , and am happy to have stores such as these in the community as an additional convenience and resource .
in ' n ' out in less than 5 minutes , you 're experence may vary , but it 's hard not to be a fan of that .

1
i stopped by this starbucks because of the awesome patio deck .
great service and even better atmosphere to have a coffee in .
i especially liked the huge couch theyare had in the back .
if you stop in you can guarantee that this place will almost always be super busy , lots of outdoor seating so if you are down with this awesome az weather , have your java outside .

1
last night i was going through some of my gift certificates ( groupon ) and wanted to find somewhere new to eat half-way between litchfield park and gilbert ... we landed at havana cafe in phoenix .
i missed it at first and had to turn around , it is somewhat hidden and unexpected .
service was fantastic !
while we had one main server , there were two others that were constantly available to help us out .
i ate cuban food in miami once several years ago and have a general understanding of it , but was n't sure what to expect here .
we ordered a few appetizers - the fried plantain chips and the sweet potato chips .
both were great - so great in fact that we ordered more and had to share some entrees .
the best thing i tasted there was the guava-banana-ketchup dip for the sweet potato fries ... yummy !
i wish i could have the recipe !
we also tried the pumpkin soup ( my second favorite thing i tasted ) , the cuban meatloaf , the cuban sandwich , a pork tamal , and the black beans & rice .
my son had kids fried shrimp which was also pretty good for a kids meal .
all were very very good !
the prices were higher than i expected , but worth it .
this restaurant is a gem - i loved it !
i will absolutely visit again .
there are many items on the menu that i want to try ... perhaps i 'll visit a few more times , and experiment at the chandler location which is closer to me .

1
nothing beats dining al fresco in the phoenix version of summertime .
snagged a seat outside here with cousin and had a few enjoyable meals .
his meditterean chicken appeared healthy as it came off the heart healthy menu .
enough healthy stuff , my order was stuffed chicken and this was prepared way different than normal , which is usually spinach and cheese inside .
in this version , it was goat cheese mostly with some cheddar and sun dried tomatoes .
the chicken breast was sliced into four pieces and it was kind of served open face .
it looked small , but was filling at 15 bucks ( see photo ) .
i switched out the kale concoction for garlic mashed potatoes ( the garlic fries appetizer was way better ) and there was some average veggies on the plate .
perhaps the best item on that plate was the roasted garlic peanut dipping sauce .
truly legendary on that item .
beer here has kind of not changed in many moons - same stuff for years , so maybe a new flavor or two will get that fifth star .
sunsets are awesome too from here .
orange explosion .

1
i love the huge selection of books and old records .
great prices i love the buy resale thing also .
great way to shop and not feel guilty about spending $ $ since the prices are so low .

1
trying to be critical ... just ca n't find much wrong with this place .
had dinner here with a friend last week and i was blown away by the selection of meats and the extensive wine list .
now i must say , this place is definitely not a weekly thing or even a monthly thing for most people .
at $ 50 per person ( + drink , gratuity , tax , etc . ) this place is in my opinion better suited for special occasions or when you can justify spending $ 150 + for two people for dinner .
now with that being said , fogo de chã£o has excellent food and almost too many options .
they will literally keep bringing you meats until you ask them not to .
their salad bar has lots of options too with huge pieces of vegetables so be careful not to fill up just on that because you easily could .
another thing , the chicken .
it is sub par in my opinion .
i was told this by several people prior to going and it turned out that they were right .
just something about the way it is prepared .
not sure what it is but try it and you 'll see what i 'm saying .
the service was fine , not extraordinary , just fine .
you may have difficulty getting your server back very often as they bounce around a lot so make sure you get your drinks early on or else you may end up waiting like we did .
no big deal , just flagging them down can be hard to do when you do n't see them .
overall , i would say that this place has amazing meat and is a good place to try everything out .
not a place you would visit too often unless money is not a concern for you ( or heart disease for that matter ) .
i would definitely recommend fogo de chã£o to a friend of family as a place to meet up and enjoy some food and wine .
bottom line : i 'll be back ... eventually .

1
italian car show this weekend - celebrating 100th anniversary of alfa-romeo - free admission , blues concert , bbq and lamborghinis and ferraris oh my .
http : //www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/events/articles/2010/09/23/20100923phoenix-le-bellezze-ditalia-car-show.html

1
our daughter gave us a gift card for houston 's , but found out we could use it at bandera 's .
we made reservations for 5:30 .
do n't even mess around to find parking .
i guess i do n't have the ` parking karma ' yet .
tried looking for a space for 10 minutes and found valet parking kitty korner to the restaurant .
when we got there , the hostess was pleasant and we were immediately seated .
our server was polite and knowledgeable .
we started off with the mac & cheese .
wow , love the larger pasta and with the walnut cornbread crumbles it was delicious .
i ordered the snake river farms american style kobe tri tip and ceasar salad .
i forgot to tell the server that i wanted it medium rare .
when i got it , it was not over cooked and the flavors just exploded .
the caesar salad had too much dressing for me .
i should have had it on the side .
the croutons were made from the cornbread , different , but it worked .
my wife had the kobe-style steak and enchilada platter with escabeche .
she was blown away by the sauce on the enchilada and the flavors of the escabeche .
she ordered a side of escabeche to go , that 's how good it was .
by the way , we had an intruder flying around our booth for the first 10 minutes .
i hoping it died and did n't pester anyone else .
we finished off our meal with banana cream pie with caramel and crushed chocolate .
i did n't really need to order it , but i had n't had one for some time .
it was excellent .
now this is a place to bring your friends from out of town that you want to impress .

1
great doctors and scheduling is easy .

1
i 've been here twice and both times the food was phenomenal .
the only reason that i 'm not giving it a big whoppin 5 stars is because of the wait staff .
the first time that we went we had a waiter that almost seemed like he was afraid of us .
when we spoke to him he took a step backwards ... very odd .
and the second time ... was interesting to say the very very least .
our waiter supposedly was experiencing some `` marital problems `` and was totally blitzed .
he could n't get our order right , his eyes were glazed over and ( here 's the kicker ) he ran his fingers through my husband 's hair !
we alerted the manager out of concern for the waiter - was he drunk ?
did he mix meds ?
is he having a meltdown ?
he was sent home and we received two impressive complimentary desserts .
the food makes up for that crazy experience though ... and i doubt that waiter works there anymore .
after all that the manager kept checking in on us and the food is so amazing that it hardly matters .
the food is beautiful and so delish ... as are the desserts which are prepared tableside .
will definitely be back - we 'll just hope for a sober waiter .

1
people do n't give this place enough credit .
sure its big and the menu is even bigger , filled with a lot of whatever food .
.
but if you go for the right reasons , then its an amazing spot to go .
here are the only reason 's to go to the cheesecake factory .
1 ) it 's open relatively late , i think after midnight 2 ) brown bread with butter -- out of this world 3 ) avacado egg rolls -- mmmmm 4 ) louisiana chicken pasta-a lot of food , nice tangy taste you could easily share this with two people .
ask them to split # 4 with your guest .

1
i really do like the hotel and the service is impeccable .
i have stayed here before .
the room was perfect , on the fourth floor near the griffin club .
the bathrooms are enormous , separate tub and shower which is a nice touch .
i agree with another reviewer that the pool deck is hot and i was wishing i had brought shoes as walking from place to place in the pool area heats up your feet .
the griffin club did n't seem to have as spectacular food as the last time i came .
last time there were quite a few people in the griffin club this time it was pretty sparse so maybe the menu is according to the amount of people .
the appetizers were great , desserts left something to be desired .
breakfast was pretty nice but adding a few more items would have been an improvement .
once again , service there was great , however .
i would definitely stay there again and it was much nicer than a few years ago in june when we stayed with hundreds of kids everywhere .
we ate at the meritage on a travelzoo certificate and the over the top quality rivaled restaurants anywhere that i have eaten at before .
outstanding food .
fun staycation .

1
this is a quiet place to live .
the staff has been quite helpful and my only issue has been that the upstairs floors must be very thin .
i have even had my dog bark because the noise is so loud and shocking .
if i had known that it was this bad , i never would have moved into a downstairs unit .
i really thought that it would be more soundproofed .
over all for an apartment though , the rest of the tenants are friendly yet quiet .

1
this place is certainly delicious , worth the wait on a special occasion ( translation - not a place you frequent since the lines are so long ) but `` best pizza in america ? ``
i think that title belongs to di fara 's in nyc ... but let 's get to my review of pizzeria bianco .
we arrived nearly two hours before opening to find a line of 25 people and patiently waited for the restaurant to open .
around 4:30 p.m. , frank the owner came outside to tell everyone about the ingredients that are used , how the brick oven works and to thank everyone for their patience and patronage - he really is an awesome guy !
once we got in the place ( total wait time was 3.5 hours ) we ordered : - anti-pasta - margherita - wise guy - bianca verde - rosa the anti-pasta was delicious but my favorite part was the bread that came with olive oil - this bread was seriously addicting !
it was doughy , crisp and had a wonderful charred flavor ( in a good way , not a bad way ) .
the margherita pizza was good but not my favorite , in fact , it tasted better room temperature .
the wise guy had carmelized onions and their own blend of fennel sausage .
this pizza was tasty as well , but again , not my favorite and tasted much better when it was room temperature vs. straight from the oven .
the two pizzas that were mind-blowingly delicious were the bianca verde and the rosa .
the verde had no sauce , mozzeralla and ricotta cheeses and was topped with arugala and drizzled with delicious olive oil .
the combination was absolutely delicious !
the pizza was creamy and wonderfully delicious !
the rosa was equally amazing - a pizza with no sauce or cheese , instead incredibly delicious parmesan cheese covered the pizza and was topped with pistachios and onions !
omg , it is n't fair that something is this delicious !
i 'll definitely come back to this place - primarily because i do n't live in arizona so it 's a special treat - but next time i 'd just stick with the verde and rosa pizzas , these truly are incredible !

1
am i supposed to hate ikea ?
because i do n't .
i freakin love it .
i 'm a ny'er at heart .
so i miss diverse crowds of people who do n't speak english crammed into loud places fighting and stabbing each other in the face for bargains .
like century 21 .
( new yorkers will know i am not talking about the real estate company when i say century 21 ) anyway , what i 'm trying to say is : even though i get lost every single time i go here , and i ca n't escape without dropping $ 1,000 for bags of random stuff like ikopnhappen and rokkerslappen every time i go here - just to window shop - i still love me some ikea .
i scored an awesome double decker couch that converts into bunk beds and champagne glasses for $ 4 .
holla !
take away one star because the shit they sell requires assembly and the ridiculous photos on the instructions do n't help .
but who cares ?
that 's what my new hot pool boy/handyman/crash test dummy is for .
also , the swedish meatballs and ice cream rock socks .
yeah , i 've eaten at ikea .
we all know i will eat anywhere .

1
the place was quite busy for christmas day 2008 .
and our bartender nicolina was awesome !
she engaged in great conversation , and took care of us .
i witnessed a marriage proposal on the patio that evening ( imagine the water feature in the background , the fire pit glowing ) , and that seemed to put everyone in a great mood .
we decided on having appetizers & drinks only that day ( since they did not have the full menu & were closing early ) .
it seems like a great place for happy hour and i would be back to try it for dinner the next time i visit scottsdale .

1
chino bandido was kind of an off-the-wall suggestion i received when i was inquiring to some locals on where to eat in the general phoenix area .
but when i went to the website and saw the horribly ironic image of a giant panda wearing a bullet belt and sombrero , i knew that this was a place that i had to go to .
gps led me on a path that would require traversing over a giant wall to get to chino bandido , but i eventually found the actual entrance in an actual parking lot nearby .
upon arriving , my first thought was `` wow , this place has a lot of space . ``
seriously , very open restaurant .
anyway , the cashiers were helpful to a tourist like me fill out my order , and i guess i ordered jerk chicken with rice , because that 's what i ended up getting .
now i consider myself to have a very high threshold for spicy foods , but chino bandido 's jerk chicken was ridiculous .
after the first few bites , my mouth was literally burning up .
it was good , but man , was the heat it made unexpected .
not to go unnoticed , but the sugar cookie that came with the meal was really , really good too .
conclusively , friendly young staff , quick service , and amusing albeit a little on the tasteless side of decor , and i 'm glad i made a trip down to chandler to try this place out .
i made sure to get a shirt too , because i 'm into tasteless t-shirts like that .

1
i come to this place every time in in arizona .
theresa 's special is the bomb !
cool place w / awesome mexican food !

1
decided to grab some late lunch/early dinner there on a tuesday afternoon .
i had read about their king whiskey burger in the phoenix new times and was wanting to check it out .
i walked in and took a seat at the bar and ordered the burger medium and as is .
i was the only person in there and eventually about a total of 8 people trickled in throughout my meal .
the two bartenders , eric and grant , were both knowledgeable and friendly .
they kept me entertained and informed .
i ordered an old fashioned which was one of their happy hour drinks .
by far the best old fashioned i 've had in a while , and it was only $ 4 !
my burger was also extremely delicious and juicy .
so much that i ate it with a fork .
the only downfall was the foie gras was a little small .
i would have liked a little bit more .
overall it was excellent and i plan on going back , especially if it involves happy hour cause the food looked good and the old fashioned was fabulous !

1
caught a show by la 's the joneses here a few months back .
the layout is n't bad , many vantage points of the stage as others have mentioned .
they have a smoking room just off stage right which is a choking hot box of airborne particulates with some nasty furniture to relax on .
you can actually take a swill of your goddamn drink in between drags while the band rages 10 feet away ... genius .
i was pleasantly surprised to find several micro brews on tap , along with a bartender who was both interested and knowledgeable about them .
he suggested one to me ( forget the name ) that was fan-friggin-tastic .
i get thirsty now just thinking about that beer .
good prices .
did not try the food .
the rest of the staff was likeable .
lots of leather and scuzz in the crowd .
an authentic rock dive , i 'll be back .

1
listen here sunnyslope .
scramble is very good thing for your neighborhood .
you want to know why ?
because it brings cool educated people like me around .
i think your brizza is a fantastic idea , and better yet , your sante fe eggs benedict .
you have coffee , and most importantly , cholulah with jalepeno in it .
i have a frequent eaters card to visit you .
the food always comes super fast .
if you are looking for a different type of breakfast place that uses local ingredients , go here .
please .

1
ask for larry at the bar .
he is the best !
happy hour is a great deal .

1
not the biggest menu for food , but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer i have ever tasted !
go here for the beer or even better go where they have it on tap !

1
`` chick-fil-a is waaaay better and it 's cheaper , why bother with r & r ? ``
... because not everyone likes eating chicken that tastes gummy .
this place is really good , but the only thing that bothers me is they close too early .
i wish they were open maybe an hour or two later , or open for lunch on sunday .
i 've missed getting to their restaurant for the past 3 weeks now because sometimes i 'm not ready to eat before 7pm .

1
went back to taberna for dinner and had a much better experience .
it was cold outside so instead of sitting outside on their patio ( partially enclosed ) we opted to sit in their cozy dining room .
it 's well-decorated and well-designed with combination of booths and tables of different southwest styles .
only thing missing was a nice mariachi band .
we started off with sangria , the ` aztec affection ' cocktail , and draught beer - all pretty good .
i was looking forward to the house-made chips and salsas and they were fresh this time .
before we knew it we had cleared the basked and we had to ask them not to bring back anymore - too dangerous ... also , remembered the standout tuna ceviche and the shrimp/halibut combination one as well .
had to replace the shrimp with scallops but actually thought we lucked out as it meshed well with the jalepeno/citrus marinade .
the fried puffs that accompanied the ceviches were unique and helped to satisfy the texture of the dish .
we were off to a good start !
we all shared the fish special ( salmon served fajita style ) , fish tacos , and some spicy jumbo or tiger shrimp ( camarones ) all served with black beans and rice and the handmade tortillas .
despite being full we ordered the sopapillas with vanilla gelato to finish our meal .
presentation-wise it was beautifully presented , however , did n't deliver on the taste front .
it did n't look like the dish as shown in the picture posted with the flan and tres leches as the dough was overly fried and there was no pillow-like fluffiness to it at all .
the vanilla gelato was also bland and had no hint of vanilla , but we liked the hibiscus foam syrup as an accent .
overall , the service was friendly , the food good , and the atmosphere enjoyable .

1
simple mexican food .
fresh and homemade , friendly fast service and great prices .
whats not to love about juans ?

1
we usually go to a different oregano 's ( somewhere in the middle of phoenix on camelback or or something ? )
and this is is similar - good food good service ! !
the only complaint is parking .
do all oregano 's parking suck or what ?
small lot , crammed spaces .
i guess that is the beauty of it all .
let 's jam everybody together like one big happy family !
if you like oregnao 's this place wo n't disappoint .
if it 's your first time they make great meatball sandwiches , salads , deep dish pizza ( and others ) and of course pasta ! !
come with an appetite !

1
jimmy johns is so fast , and with all that extra time i get back , i like to take my gold over to the `` i buy gold `` place right next door .
terrible joke , sorry .
i dunno it 's decent food , and they got crushed ice .
my favorite order is a turkey tom with mustard .
check it out .
: d

1
finally made it in here !
what fun little trinkets and treats .
you can find a large array of sweets and funky novelty items .
i was expecting larger variety of candies but they do have several nostalgic favorites you can not find anywhere else .

1
the mild chicken tika masala was pretty good but not excellent , its sauce more buttery and less creamy and tomatoey than i 'd prefer .
portions are plentiful .
you 'll have leftovers .

1
i just live around the corner and have missed this great pizza place i could walk to !
the owner frequents the starbucks i work at and was generous enough to offer us a coupon for a `` serious slice `` of pizza !
i took my 17 yr old son and what a great slice it was !
the place was crowded and a line of 8-10 ahead of us .
tables outside were full which are always a good sign and the staff friendly !
the young lady behind the desk , isabelle , adorable and friendly as can be !
( in cute pink polka dot tennis shoes too ! )
i had cheese , he had pepperoni and both were hot and delicious !
i thought maybe the slices were pre-made before coming in ... but definately not !
lots of teenagers but all were respectful and will be back soon !
great deal for slices of pizza with soda ( 5.50 ) especially when an entire pizza is too much !
not many places have this quality for slices .
they also offer wings , cazone and their salads in the case looked fresh ... will be trying and yelping about them soon !
serious slice get a 4.5 stars ! !
: )

1
started out very nervous .
i had heard great things about this place and wanted to give a fellow asu alum some business .
i walked in and the hostess was not very friendly .
in fact , i thought she was kind of rude .
maybe it was just me .
i felt very awkward and uncomfortable for some reason but could not explain why .
the restaurant itself is very pretty and hip .
they also have a nice outside seating area leading to mill and that wraps around 6th street .
my experience did improve after a little while .
i ordered the truffle pizza .
i asked them to add sausage because i saw it was real and schrieners to boot , not that fake crumbly junky stuff .
i also ordered a side salad .
well you ca n't do too much to kill a side salad so that was fine .
the waiter and another gentleman staff member ( perhaps a manager ) were great while i waited for my pizza .
it kind of made up for the hostess ! ! ! ! !
i would get rid of her .
okay maybe a chat first .
lol well , then the pizza comes out and it is slightly burnt on top .
owhhhhhh , i hate when my pizza is burnt in any shape or form .
i know that is the hip new way to eat pizza but not for me .
i do n't get it .
not this new york gal .
i like it with no burnt marks at all .
i was all set to send it back when i decided to try it first .
( i rarely send food back since i have a severe issue with waste ) i have to tell you i thought it was very good .
the spinach meshed perfect with this creamy goat cheese they use for a unique , yummy flavor .
i really enjoyed it .
i was not that crazy about the burnt crust though thus the 4 stars instead of five .
i might come back again this saturday after the run to try some other things .
what really saved the day was the nice waiter .
he talked with me for a long while .
he told me all about the owner and his other establishments .
we talked shop , which means food .
teehee !
the waiter seemed very glad to have me for a costumer .
i like that .
i wish i knew his name .
i usually note that but after a long week of testing i guess i just wanted to stuff my face with good pizza .
lol !
manga !

1
i had gotten a groupon because we were going to be in the area but did n't know anything about casa ramos .
it was a good choice .
the food was excellent , the portions are so big they are on a plate that almost does n't fit on the table .
our waiter , juan , was very knowledge at suggesting items on the menu , drinks , etc . .
he came back to the table often sometimes just to visit with us .
he made us feel very welcome .
we will definitely go back .

1
i searched the web to find a place in the east valley that had grass fed beef and i was led to lobbys .
what a great find ! !
i am on a paleo diet so am trying to stay away from grains and dairy and this place not only fit my needs , but was absolutely delicious .
it is definitely a hidden gem of the east valley .
the beef was delicious and they were able to accomodate my needs and served my burger wrapped in lettuce rather than the bun .
lobbys will definitely be a routine for us .

1
thai pan is yet another new favorite entirely due to yelpers ' recommendations .
a new staple on my lunch rotation , thai pan features a large variety of fresh dishes .
the comparisons to pei wei are evident , but thai pan excels in every category .
they offer all of the `` typical `` thai fare .
atypically , they do n't ask for a spiciness level for each dish ; instead each dish is designed by the chef and the spiciness ( or lack thereof ) is indicated on the menu .
in fact , they pride themselves on the consistency of their spice levels from meal to meal .
they will make modifications for you ; if you can convince them you can handle it , they 'll even make a dish thai-hot for you .
the curries and hoisin are my favorites , but the menu is full of delicious options .
i 'm already looking forward to my next trip .

1
absolutely phenomenal !
completely authentic ( drinks and all ) vietnamese food that is totally family owned and operated .
great food , great price ... the only thing that keeps it frmo a 5-star is the location and variable hours ( they just close when they 're slow ) .
give it a shot !

1
great music , awesome service , delicious brews and amazing food .
what more can you ask for ?
well , i 'll tell ya , it was the quesadilla that stole the show .
they let my friend deconstruct and then reconstruct using pulled pork and it was , easily , the best quesadilla i 've ever had .
the server and the bartender were top notch , and uber-hospitable considering they were poised to close down in 30 minutes .
they did n't rush us at all !
while my hubby waxed poetic with the server about old school and underground rap , the bartender brought over the tastiest beer i 've ever draped my esophagus around .
remember these words friends ... sonoran white chocolate ale .
watch out guinness ... i may have found my new chocobrew fix .

1
last day in az , and my friend and i were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading toward the airport .
we randomly walked in to med fresh grill because it seemed healthy and was n't too crowded .
i had the vegetarian plate which came with hummus , baba ganouj , falafel , tabouleh , dolmas , small salad , and pita bread .
wow , i wish i had discovered this place sooner .
the hummus was one of the best hummus that i 've had .
creamy , but not too oily , good flavors .
best item on my plate .
i did n't care for the tabouleh , but i liked the dolmas and baba ganouj .
the hummus though really stands out .
my friend had the chicken pita wrap combo with fries .
when they called our number , they only had the fries and forgot the wrap !
the guys apologized , but it was still a little annoying since it was n't crowded .
i 'm not sure how long we waited for our food , but it was n't fast .
on the other hand , everything did taste fresh , so i 'd rather wait for quality food .
parking can be a pain , but the food was definitely worth it .
great find in tempe .
get the hummus .

1
food was great had a standard burger with the salty dulce de leche shake ! !
staff was super cool and will be back to try the short rib tacos for sure !

1
awesome food and desserts

1
got ta give this place lots of props for creating an awesome atmosphere in which to dine .
we had drinks and appetizers on the enclosed patio .
the low light in the patio and the bar area is downright sexy .
nice place for some intimate one on one time with someone special .
i 'd actually come here once before for hangover brunch so i was less intent at that time at observing the atmosphere .
our appetizers were just chips and guac and bacon wrapped shrimp which was awesome and came with three sauces .
my date had two or three martinis-these martinis which she ordered dirty .
these martinis were not dirty ... they were filthy .
fortunately for sierra bonita we moved on with a shred of composure still intact and wreaked havoc at another bar .
i really enjoyed my visit here .
the atmosphere is really awesome , the food is great and our servers , who are probably two of the nicest , coolest guys you will ever meet , were awesome and helped make our night special .
if you have n't already , check this place out .

1
i finally made it to this park , and i have to say it is probably one of the nicest places i have been to in the phoenix area .
there is a large lake that is stocked with fish , some pavilions for picnics , and lots of desert landscape with trails .
it is also a water recharge facility and an environmental education center , and which i think is a brilliant use of land .
there is a nice stream running through the park , and i even spied some wildlife , including jackrabbits and a hawk .
a really beautiful desert park .

1
houston 's is consistently good .
the staff is great and the place is as clean as a whistle .
great grilled artichokes and cheeseburgers .
server went above and beyond the call of duty to bring me a newly chilled glass for the martini i had been nursing .

1
i found this place accidentally as i cruised around phoenix downtown , but i 'm having trouble to park as this place is located right inside the historic heritage square .
if you go to nobuo , make sure you order 6 kinds of food cause they only provide a mini portion of the food .
i tried to order okonomiyaki which i found surprisingly great and probably the best okonomiyaki in town , kumamoto oyster with uni which is absolutely splendid , but it was only a small portion , and a fantastic coconut curry grilled lamb with mango salad which is the most addictive food cause i 'm craving for more .
overall i 'm highly satisfied .
wonderful dining experience indeed ; ) )

1
my wife and i were visiting old scottsdale and the mission was on our short list of places to eat .
we ordered the fresh guacamole and it was very good .
for the main course i had the pazole soup and my wife had the skirt steak tacos .
the soup was out of this world .
smoked pork in a spicy tomato broth with hominy and avocado .
the skirt steak tacos were nice with a charred ouside and tender on the outside .
top it off with a few margaritas with grand marnier !

1
in the grand cosmic narrative that is this life , i have to wonder why dogs got eight tits on average while humans only got two .
it seems like we got shortchanged in this deal .
now i 'm not suggesting humans should have gotten eight boobs , not at all .
eight just seems a tad too many , but at least four would have been nice .
stay with me , my logic on this one is sound .
let start with the first two .
these could be the working titties , the ones reserved for breast feeding and such .
while the other two would be there purely for enjoyment .
they 'd be classed in the non working body parts group , kind of like a spleen or toenails or something .
that way , whenever a baby comes on the scene , there 's no more argument over whose tits belong to whom .
( a medium point sharpie could help eliminate any confusion ) anyway , i do n't know how i got off on the four-tit rant .
oh yeah , twin peaks .
i got a little drunk in here yesterday at their 2-7 happy hour .
the beers were cheap and the daisy duke costumes , even cheaper , with all that cleavage dangling about .
well after about three hours , i began seeing double , and that 's when i took this whole existential pose on how humans may have gotten fucked in the grand scheme of things .
at least as it relates to the tit department .
come to twin peaks , get rip-roaring drunk and you 'll probably reach the same conclusion i did .
the chili con queso is delightful too .
disclaimer : this only works if you have a propensity to see double when drunk .

1
chick-fil-a is soooo good , yet sooo full of hate .
if they were to get into fisticuffs my stomach would beat my brain .
until my brain wins this battle my stomach will keep choosing chick fil a. i 'll keep eating your delicious poultry but how about you stop funding hate groups ?
pretty please ?

1
out of all the tjmaxx stores that i 've been to , i like this one the most .
yes , it is like any other tjmaxx , it 's hit or miss .
when i do find some great deals , i walk about with a cart full and a huge smile on my face .

1
this place has a very large selection of food to choose from .
it was very tasty and flavorful , especially the pot stickers and walnut shrimp .
i went for lunch with my two sons and it cost us $ 30 , so the price was n't bad at all.i 'm planning on going back again another day for dinner because that 's when they put the crab legs out .
only thing that annoyed me was the waitresses coming by every five minutes asking if everything was alright .
i do n't mind them checking on us but it was a bit too much , i like to be able to eat in peace , other than that this place was nice ...

1
i have been watching bink 's construction with curiosity to see what they would change as my family owned that home/business for decades .
i was unfamiliar with chef kevin binkley prior to the day of going to bink 's midtown and now i will be very familiar with all 3 restaurants following my great experience there .
to begin there was a miscommunication with my husband and i resulting in my ordering lunch for both of us and him not being available .
i called a replacement to join me and during this time waiting i had multiple staff members including the chef stop to check on me .
the server did an excellent job in describing the dishes which lead to my friend and i sampling a few too many .
i enjoyed the ambiance at lunch it was light and airy if it would of been full it would be very easy to hear you neighbors conversations as the tables are close .
the weather was beautiful so the doors were open and my only annoyance during the meal was shooing flies during the beginning of my meal .
i did notice the salt and pepper were missing because i normally need them but the food was so perfectly balanced i never thought of them during the meal .
we started with the fried brussels sprouts which tasted good but i prefer different preparations that result in a softer brussel sprout .
the roasted parsnip soup with poached pears , celery root foam and black pepper honey was amazing .
at first i was tasting the foam and enjoyed the salty flavor and then the soup with pears which was flavorful but needed a little salt and mixing the two brought it to perfection .
next came probably my favorite dish of the week the foie gras beignet with blood orange marmalade .
listed as an appetizer but would also be great for the end of the meal .
the mousse was light and flavorful the little beignets were perfectly cooked and then the marmalade brought a pleasant sweetness to the dish when i mixed it in for the second beignet .
i did have to ask for a spoon because i could n't leave any of the mousse behind in the dish .
my friend had the roast beef tri-tip i had ordered for my husband and she loved the flavors and how fresh the sandwich tasted .
it is not a large sandwich but she said with the french fries and dessert it was the perfect size .
now for the french fries i am an aficionado and they are fabulous especially with the 3 dipping sauces which i normally do n't use .
they have a truffle ketchup with was my friends favorite but i loved the light and flavorful salsa vert i was addicted and we both liked the mayo aioli with the light garlic flavor .
after seeing the tangelo served at another table i had to have it and it was the exclamation point to the meal .
the tangelo starts with a fairly sharp citrus sorbet that i enjoyed in the center of this large bowel .
it is surrounded by blueberries in the base and purple pillows of foam around the edges topped with mint leaves .
the server was also carrying two containers of fluid with one of them misting .
he poured an orange liquid over my ice cream and immediately followed it with the picture of nitrogen to make my dish a freezing soup .
after waiting for the bubbling to stop i could n't wait to try the dish and i was n't disappointed .
the purple pillows are homemade marshmallow with blueberries and i wanted a bowel of just that .
the mint added a nice dimension to the marshmallow and kept it from being to sweet .
the sorbet and frozen soup made a nice pairing of citrus and sweet with out being to sweet and should have been the perfect ending to the meal but we did n't stop .
my friend had the butternut squash ice cream pop which she thought was delicious and she enjoyed how it was served including the extra crumbles for dipping .
she loved the tamarind level in the pop but she never clearly identified where the chocolate was and our server did n't seem to know where the chocolate was either .
chocolate or no chocolate this dish left no regrets it was very flavorful .
as i said we could n't stop we heard that the baby back ribs were good and so we each had one and they were tasty especial the honey hot sauce served on the side .
the service was great and except for knowing where the chocolate was in the pop provide great descriptions of every item we asked about .
i enjoyed my tea but they seem to have a nice wine list which i ca n't enjoy during working hours .
i thought the pricing was great and i loved the different sizes available like 1/2 salads , single ribs and the beignets .
the high point for me is the amazing balance of flavors in every dish both savory and sweet .
there was nothing bland or ordinary in any item i ate , what a gem for east phoenix .
i am so lucky as i pass bink 's 5 times a week for work and it will be at least a weekly lunch stop if not more .
the parking lot is limited so the use of a valet is quite smart to maximize the spaces available and the tip is more than made up for with the meal and pricing inside .

1
it 's a saturday night and i just got back from a late-night dinner at bonfire , and i have to say i loved it !
the service was n't ultra quick , but , if i want super-fast `` turn-em-over `` service , i 'll go to pf changs .
i go to more upscale restaurants for a nice , relaxed meal with delicious food , and that is exactly what we got .
and the server was knowledgeable , friendly , and offered options .
granted it was n't very busy , so they were n't understaffed for the crowd and no one was over-loaded , but if i had been in a hurry i would have inquired before sitting down if that could be accommodated .
we ordered the chopped salad , the chilled roasted tomato soup , the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin & pineapple skewer , the mac & cheese , and the charred onion bread pudding .
all were fabulous .
especially the roasted tomatoes and bacon in the the salad and the onion bread pudding .
the portions were all quite large too .
we shared everything , and were glad we did - especially the soup and salad .
both were delicious , but the soup was rich , and thick , and much heartier than we expected ( especially for a chilled soup , ) so it would have been too filling if either of us had tried to eat it all on our own .
as for some of the bad reviews , there is one thing i 've learned over the years : do n't go to a new restaurant , within three months of opening , and expect to have a fabulous dining experience .
if you do , great , you lucked out , and if you do n't , it is not necessarily indicative of the restaurant 's real potential .

1
5 stars for the margaritas alone !
the cucumber one is awesome !
i 've only been there for food a few times and have been impressed every time .
the salmon taco is pretty good .
for me , these are the best margaritas in scottsdale .

1
one of my favorite burger joints anywhere , they have a nice variety of pre-arranged toppings as well as a build-your-own option .
it would be five stars if they 'd let you get a rare burger , but alas , like a lot of places , they only go from medium to well done ( overcooked to charcoal in my tastes ) .
the bacon is thick and excellent , and the bread is top-notch .
the garlic fries are awesome -- standard and sweet potato both .

1
this place is crazy and totally rocks ! ! !
what made it even more fun , were the extremely drunk and funny bachelor party - they were outrageous ! ! !
the actual decor is super super cool and we were the proverbial tourists snapping away with our cameras !
this place is your dive bar , with great happy hours , ok drinks but an excellent and fun vibe - definitely check it out .
btw : the bar man was totally cool and kept egging on the bachelor party into doing shots/pole dancing/playing drinking games - so so funny !

1
superb service and food .
better than average wine list .
steaks and seafood were cooked expertly , sides were just right .
seafood tower was put together appropriately for our 6 person group .
i gave 4 , not 4â 1/2 or 5 , stars because it was just tood darned dark and noisy .
but still an excellent experience .
pricey as expected , but not overpriced .

1
came here for lunch and it was great !
my suggestion : if you want a good , filling lunch ( without feeling like a stuffed pig ) go with a friend and order the greek salad with gyro meat on top .
it comes with pita and it 's so much food it can easily be split : ) little small inside but yummy food : )

1
this business is hiding in the back of park central mall but the baked good are killer !
the cinnamon rolls are really homemade tasting and really big for the prices they charge .
their sandwiches are very good if you are looking for a quick lunch .
i really like their brownies too ! !

1
good food , beer is even better , nice vibe .
only problem is parking can get scarce since it 's basically in a neighborhood and the line outside can get long .

1
finally , a pizza place that delivers to the grayhawk area .
seriously , when i moved here over the summer and was unpacking i was shocked to learn that no one except domino 's delivers to grayhawk .
at all .
now , on my honeymoon in october i was in giza , egypt and saw that , if you stand with the sphinx facing your back , you can see a pizza hut .
yes , that is correct , you can get pizza delivered to the great pyramids and sphinx , but not to grayhawk .
but , now we have zpizza , and it is good .
the pizzas range from the usual to more inventive things , such as the casablanca , which has artichokes .
they also feature organic and healthy selections , such as soy or low fat cheese and wheat or gluten free crust .
they salads are also fresh and tasty and , while i have not tried them , they also serve sandwiches .
overall , a good pie , wide selection and it delivers !

1
hobo eggs dish = ridiculous .
my waiter warned me that it was `` alot of food `` .
i thought , ok , it 's gon na be a big plate of food .
i was wrong , way wrong .
it 's not a big plate of food , it is a mountain of food !
http : //twitpic.com/awqxk a tasty mountain of hashbrowns , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , peppers & eggs , with the majority of it being hashbrowns .
this behemoth of a serving had me shocked & joyed .
crazy otto 's made my day yesterday .
i 'll be eating leftovers all week .

1
a hidden gem that serves salads , sandwiches , and has a great dessert selection at reasonable prices if you 're looking for a place to grab a tasty and healthy lunch , check out bertha 's cafe !
just be aware that seating is limited and there will likely be a line .

1
i 'm addressing this review to the z'tejas in tempe , since i like the sidewalk dining there better , but it applies equally to the one in fashion square , scottsdale .
it took me a couple of visits to warm to this place , but since they started serving the skillet corn bread and i 've discovered the catfish beignets and ancho chile fudge pie , i 'm hooked .

1
friend suggested we head to barrio cafe for happy hour ... and we did just that .
we ordered a few items off of the happy hour menu and enjoyed a few drinks .
we pretty much had the dining room area to ourselves .
tasty .
no complications just a great time .
barrio cafe never disappoints .
for all those that have had bad experiences here , i hope i never go to bc with you ... i 'd hate for you to jinx my meal !
cheers ***

1
review is based on phone order and pickup .
i got off my plane after a 12hr day on planes and in airports and was craving a thin-crust pizza .
.
only because grimaldi 's was so conveniently advertised on the display board above the alaskan air baggage carousel : ) talk about great advertising .
.
it sure hooked me !
anyway , we did a phone order for a small pizza that was half pesto chicken ( for me ) and half marinara ( for hubby ) with other toppings of his choice .
the gal said 40min from the time of our call and , sure enough , 40min later , our food was ready .
my husband liked the ambiance inside while he waited for it to be ready ... and for a moment there he wanted to change the request to eat-in so we could enjoy a drink with our pizza i their nice restaurant ... but i had just flown in to town and was dead tired ... so , we just took it home .
it was delicious !
i really thoroughly enjoyed the pesto chicken ... lots of chicken , tons of pesto ( my fave ! ! )
and white onions ... he polished off his half without a blink .
i left one slice for breakfast the next day and it tasted just as good re-heated .
i would definitely go there for thin-crust pizza cravings in the future .
.
maybe not that often since it was a pretty pricey pie ( $ 30 ) , but good for an occasional indulgence out .

1
i stayed at the wigwam 2 nights for a work weekend retreat .
this is a great location for retirees for mostly golfing and shopping .
we happened to visit for a leadership summit for my company .
this is a nice location to have a conference for work .
the room was spacious with a wet bar , living room with fireplace , and luxuriously soft bed !
i had the best nap of my life in that bed .
it was divine !
the decor is southwestern/ranch style .
i am more of a fan of modern decor but i was still very comfortable during my stay .
i would not normally stay here mainly due to the style but i found it very relaxing and comfortable .

1
holy panini !
this place makes a good sandwich !
this dimly lit restaurant and bar has cool tables with drawings beneath resin , and cool art on the walls ( currently various animals and such in a somewhat pixelated style ) .
it 's a cool comfortable environment that we like a lot .
the food was great .
i got a cuban panini with the orzo salad .
it was great .
it was also too large to eat in one sitting .
i had to take half of it back to our hotel to finish it the next day .
her sandwich was really good too .
it was also too big for her , and we had to bring it back to the hotel to happily devour the next day .
damn you carly 's for stopping us from checking out one of the other great little restaurants in phoenix for lunch the next day due to your very good too-large-for-one sandwiches .
the service was slightly lacking .
this was due to the fact that our cool aussie server was , we think , the only one working that night .
i ca n't fault him on the slower than hoped for service due to that fact , but it would have been great if they had another person on staff to help alleviate that problem .
our only real complaint was the music that was being performed .
we walked in happy and upbeat , but wanted to shoot ourselves in the face half way through our visit due to the sad and depressing music being performed .
the lady singing had a great voice , and the guitar-playing man played his instrument well , but the music was really really really depressing .
it was all of our family and friends had just died depressing .
it was both of us had just lost our jobs and home depressing .
it was really really really really depressing .
walking by other nights , we had noticed music that was n't depressing at all being played by different performers though , so maybe we just hit the place on a bad night .
overall , it was cool decor , great food , decent service all things considered , and sad sad sad music on the night we were there .
check this place out .

1
i knew this restaurant was , as my friend would say , `` legit , `` because a ) the cooks in the back were speaking italian and b ) our server was in an italia jersey .
while i automatically assumed they were speaking spanish , once i realized i did n't understand what they were saying , my anticipation level spiked .
my husband and i both ordered the cioppino which was the special of the night and it was fantastic .
it was chock-full of seafood , mussels , clams , squid , baby octopus -- amazing !
the best part , someone , maybe the owner ?
came over to our table and offered my husband an extra serving , talk about service !
the second best part , the homemade cheesecake for dessert .
this restaurant is such a gem .
the next time i go , i 'll make sure i don `` t forget a bottle of vino ( no corking fee ) .

1
finally got to wfbc after the yelp in bloom event today .
two of the three of us had never been there , so we were a little shocked to see that it was poppin ' .
probably did n't help that we were there during the lunch rush ( 1pm ) , but whatever .
we went inside , the place is really nice .
the front is a little disorganized , not knowing where the line ended and when people were just waiting to get a drink , but we managed our way to the counter .
we all ordered the braised beef sandwich ( lots of variety in our group ) .
if i had n't had the sample of that , i 'm not sure what i would have ordered since everything sounds so good .
i got the blackberry orange lemonade ( bomb ! )
and we scurried to find an open table somewhere .
after finding out that the color and bakery item on your tag tells the staff who gets what , we all got our sandwiches and dug in .
i have to say that i hate worcheschtirewhatever sauce , so i quickly avoided that and used up the au juis .
i have to say it was pretty fantastic , plus , though it did n't look like a lot of food , it was very filling .
i would 100 % come here again and try out something new .
plus their pastries looked amazing !

1
though i love this place , it is just a standard bar .
the lineup throughout the week is fairly diverse so you 've got to like that .
i 've enjoyed the monday comedy open mic and several downtown musicians , bands and djs on several occasions .
sometimes the crowds are sparce but that is phx in '07 for you .
atmosphere is good the neighborhood and oneway street are less good .
but i think after people go there a few times they can figure it out .
as with everything great ... wait for it ... good atmosphere , very good veteran bartenders , good music .

1
unfortunate ... from the paper heart website : `` for those who are unaware , the paper heart closed its doors after the last show on december 29 , 2007 .
i 'd like to thank all those who supported the space over the past , almost 8 years .
without those who patroned and performed here , it never would have been what it was . ``

1
the guys here are great , knowledgeable , and do n't make you feel like an idiot if you do n't know cars .
it 's in a shopping center i love , right next to trader joe 's and wildflower , two places i go to all the time , so it 's convenient .
their prices are competitive and they 're friendly and helpful .
what more can you ask for in an automotive parts store .

1
this places is always good for late night food ( after a night out on mill ave. ) also a great place for a late night brawl .
try the carne asada chimichanga .
it 's what gave me my gut !

1
i 'm a pretty big fan of this place .
yes the ordering can be a little time consuming , but when you consider that by the time you reach the end of the line , you are handed over a freshly baked casserole chocked full of yummy goodness , it sort of makes up for it all .
so there are a few things you should know when ordering .
1 ) you can get nachos .
they 're not on the board , but they will make them up and they are delish ( and big ) .
2 ) the soup is awesome .
i wish they offered more than one size but it is tasty and built to your tastes , just like everything else .
3 ) the spicy cornbread filling should be nominated for its own food group .
this is seriously the best thing that i have tasted in a really long time .
4 ) the grapefruit margarita is fantastic .
perfectly crisp and refreshing for our super-hot summer days , do yourself a favor and get one or two ( or three ) .
5 ) the pumpkin cookies with touch of caramel frosting is a must have .
it is the optimal ending for the meal and since it 's not heavy , it 's a great topper .
the staff is friendly .
the space is clean .
the food is fantastic .
yep , i 'm a pretty big fan !

1
i walked in to charlies once to meet a friend wearing a suit and tie .
the bartender immediately half screamed/half moaned , `` does anyone around hear wear cowboy boots ? ``
it could have been a friendly joke type of thing but it was n't .
i did n't appreciate it to say the least .
if i had had cowboy boots on , and i own quite a few , he might have ended up with them hanging from his ears that day .
i was n't happy about being there anyway .
it had been a long day !
i spoke with the owner of the bar .
a few days later , from what i was told by someone who works there , i could be sure that guy would never do anything like that again .
if you have a problem there , talk to the owner .
he will handle it for you if he knows about it .
i should say i rarely go to this place , but people know have always had great things to say about it .
they have remodeled and it seems to have a nice lay out , i like the patio and volleyball court .
.
i rarely go out to bar so ca n't say to much more than that .

1
i popped in here after walking around downtown , and the smell was amazing .
i was already hungry walking in , but the smell practically had me foaming at the mouth .
i sat down & had a drink ( non-alcoholic because it was a work day ) in minutes , and my food arrived 15 minutes later .
the server was super friendly with lots of suggestions & tips .
she recommended a dish , and i had the fish specialty ( escoviche ? )
.
it was super !
i got the impression that the jerk chicken is very spicy , but with this dish the `` eater `` ( me ) can control the heat , since it 's served with chiles and chile oil on the side .
i ended up going all in with the chiles .
yum city !
i definitely want to go back and try some of the spicier food & have a cocktail as well .
it seemed like they have a small , but great selection of fresh juices and tasty rums to go well with the cuisine .
as a side note for anyone looking to go here .
it 's in a great little spot of phx , surrounded by other restaurants , and it is close to the light rail ( for the lucky few who happen to live off that awesome 17-mile stretch of public transportation ) .
if you go , note that the place is tiny ! ! !
it seats maybe 20 people tops , but i think that quaintness adds to its charm .

1
as much as i reaaallly wanted to give this trader joe 's location a 5 star review , i have to say i 'm beginning to get annoyed that they are so consistently out of at least 2 - 3 things i 'm looking for each week .
and i 'm not talking about the new or special stuff , i 'm talking about the fiber cereal and milk and turkey lunch meat .
trust me , i know and respect their business model which prevents them from overstocking items and keeps their produce fresh , but ... i think i still have a point .
moving on , i have been shopping at this tj 's location for the last two years ( and shopping at the tempe location before that ) , and i will continue to shop at this location unless i ever move again .
the staff is amazingly friendly and helpful , and i love how they always walk you to the item you asked about rather than just pointing to the left and saying , `` it 's in aisle 2 . ``
eating healthy , organic food does not have to be more expensive than the traditional grocery store food .
shop here and see for yourself !

1
i love the selection of organic meat and great veggies .
good specials for the mayor on foursquare too ( oops sorry yelp ! ! )
.

1
best golds in the area by far !

1
i love this place , it 's one of my favorite drive-thru burger places in town .
the burgers are deliciously prepared and seasoned , the shakes are scrumptious and the fries are crispy on the outside and potato-ey on the inside .
just how i like 'em .
there 's a reason they have been around nearly forever , the food is just simply good .

1
went here for dinner with a group of four .
we were all very happy with our food and service .
the chicken feta , the lamb tikka , and the lamb kuzi were all extremely flavorful ( i could have gone with a little more sauce on the lamb kuzi , but that 's just me ) .
for dessert , the carrot pudding hit the spot .
great service .
we 'll all be back .

1
clean store with friendly staff .
i always seem to find something here .
they carry some off brands but at great prices as well as having a good selection of more mainstream brands .
picked up a pair of athletic shorts at a great price at about $ 12 a piece .

1
wow , new little ceasars just opened up and had to try it out .
looks really nice and clean inside , the staff was super friendly and the pizza was great .

1
when my gf and i go to scottsdale we always have at least one `` fine dining `` experience .
the last trip it was bourbon steak .
there was no need to order an appetizer as they sent out the awesome fries : made in duck fat and three different spices along with dipping sauce .
i had the a5 japanese kobe steak and my gf had the fried chicken .
ok , my steak was melt in your mouth make me scream good .
one of the top 3 steaks i have ever eaten .
my gf wanted the chicken , but here is the catch : it is made for two because the whole chicken is fried in duck fat ( once again ) .
that was the only bummer , if you want the chicken and no one wants to share with you ( hey , i came for the steak ) , you are stuck .
but my other thought is : if you really want something , screw the cost , order it , and take the rest home with you .
i had a thigh the next day and it was amazing .
along with the chicken you get a healthy portion of truffled mac and cheese with broccoli .
it was pretty damn amazing -- especially the gratuitous inclusion of the broccoli .
our server told us later that you can ask for more broc if you want -- note to self .
they also have a great wine selection .
since my gf offered to be the driver , i ordered a half bottle of my favorite pinot noir : merry edwards , and that just topped off the night .
also , if you are not a fan of truffle oil ( crazy , i know .
i love the stuff ) , this is not the place for you .
other than that , we had a great dining experience .
service was great and timely .
it would have been a 5 star review if the chicken somehow could have been a single serving .
i would definitely go back .

1
nice little place to visit .
while in the neighborhood i stopped by .
it looks so urbanly adorably , which is actually high on my book .
while i would n't drive from my house to this store .
i would stop by to pick up local items like : great prices on queen creek olive products beautiful local / maya 's produce , i purchase lettuce , huge chard and shallots okay prices on items i use like organic split peas , sun dried tomatoes , and grains picked up a tshirt for the urban markets ... and looking forward to checking it out again .

1
you got ta have a reservation in this world sometimes and keeping that in mind , veneto trattoria was able to make room for our modest party of seven this evening with little fuss .
the restaurant was packed , and yet the service was reasonably swift with any of out wants and needs .
excellent appetizers and soups , so we ordered something everyone would like and shared .
the appetizers ware also great and described adequately in the menu and everyone ( except my uncle , who ordered the lasagna and was n't impressed ) was so happy by the end of the meal , that we all indulged in either a specialty dessert coffee or the excellent dessert special ( chocolate soufle with vanilla ice cream which was flawless and had a great presentation .
i 'll come back here the next time i 'm in town for business , that 's for sure .

1
i did n't think i would like frozen yogurt it seems almost too healthy .
well i was surprised i actually liked the yogurt and all the toppings .
the fruit was fresh and there was boba and some other strange chewy thing .
i am anxious to try it again either there or back home .
love the wall you can write on and everyone there was happy .
i left happy and satisfied .

1
having not updated my original review of nice gwb2c here since way back 15 months ago , i got mike c. to join me today to stop back in & see how the place is doing .
this is a big restaurant , with a variety of seating areas , so you can watch or escape from the two tvs .
today they had a nice array of 89 food items out , not counting sauces & dressings .
there was a small selection of sushi , & what i had was good .
some standout items for me were the delicious roasted peanuts for the salad , excellent fried chicken , homemade style egg foo young with rich brown gravy , bok choy , & the creamy chocolate pudding .
also , the drink bar includes coffee & milk .
milk in a chinese restaurant ?
ÿ¿ ?
ÿ¿ ?
: - ) ) still a big 4 stars for great wall buffet two corporation !
lunch buffet $ 7.79 / $ 6.79 includes self-serve beverages .

1
i went here looking for aquarium decor but i spent about 45 minutes checking out the place .
it is roughly 75 % salt water and 25 % freshwater .
they have a nice selection of tanks and stands ( not easy to find in phoenix ) .
there appears to be a wide selection of parts for your aquarium .
the salt water fish selection is quite good .
they have a smaller collection of fresh water .
they have a small selection of live rock .
prices seemed just okay .
the most important thing is that i was offered help three times during my visit .
that , to me , makes for a great store .
i 'll probably be back .

1
i had never been before but was very impressed .
got the ahi salad and it was substantial - not just in size , but in variety of vegetables .
the place 's draw is the locally grown vegetables .
everything was awesome and tasty .
the big complaint - flies .
we were inside and flies were driving me crazy .
that 's the only reason i did n't rate this a 5 .
food is awesome

1
i like it .
the husband thinks the chairs are n't comfy and there is n't enough leg room compared to harkins .
i do n't mind it .

1
good for mainly popusas ! ! ! !
the place is located in a sketchy area and if you look around it almost seems not worth to try it .
forget about appearances and just sit for some popusas ! ! !
their menu is in spanish and english , but people mainly speak spanish , so if you want to practice a little ... go ahead .

1
my third fleming 's in three cities and it was n't a disappointment .
service was outstanding , and everyone in my group five loved it .
ribeye was perfect m.r . , and the fleming 's potatoes ( with cream , jalapeã±os and cheddar cheese ) were amazing .
definitely share them or you 'll end up eating them all !
grilled high country asparagus was excellent .
wine list , and the waiter 's knowledge , was impressive .
he suggested a full body pinot , cambria , that was on the mark .

1
this is the theater to visit for obscure movies of a kind that are seldom seen in my small town .
the theatre has five screens for theaters of varying sizes .
the staff is always friendly .
the concession area is small compared to most theaters but there is n't room for much more .
at the end of a movie the restrooms are crowded .
parking is not much of a problem during weekdays but on a weekend can be a challenge .
when in scottsdale we do our best to get here .
it is a special place and i fear it may not last .

1
i have eaten at bw3 in a few states and i like the bar atmosphere and the great wings .
my favorite sauce is the asian zing .
it can be packed so unless you want to be crushed by sports fans , do n't go on a big game day .
oh and there is one disgusting thing on the menu , i think its called southwest poppers , totally barfable , not even the staff will eat them .

1
in my mind i 've been debating this rating for awhile , but have arrived at 4 stars solely because my family really enjoyed their meals this past weekend .
so , with that being said , here we go ... my husband and i took my grandma to dragonfly for mother 's day brunch at her request .
we had been one other time and all enjoyed our meals , so it seemed like a nice place to spend the morning of mother 's day .
we arrived and requested to sit inside this time ( per my grandma ) and the gentleman at the front said he would move some tables together for us .
well a couple minutes later a large party came inside and he thought he was setting the table for them and there went our table inside .
so , we landed outside , which was fine by me , but annoying for my grandma , who requested to sit inside because it was somewhat hot out .
that being said the service is ok .
it is n't anything special or quick , but on that day we were all in a good mood so it did n't matter .
my grandma and husband raved about their choices ... the cinnamon roll french toast and the bananas foster french toast .
they loved them !
i had the `` not so basic breakfast , `` which was ok .
i loved the sausage patty and the biscuit , but the eggs were very overcooked and tough to cut .
the last time we went i had the corned beef hash and remember liking it a lot .
i really do like this place for breakfast .
i wish they would offer a localdines giftcard to be used for brunch , but the one that is on there is just dinner .
i like the quint seating outside and the food is different , which is always a welcomed change at breakfast !

1
delicious .
a tad pricey if you get a large meal with all of the bells and whistles .
but well worth it .
the oysters rockefeller here is probably the best i have ever eaten and that alone justifies a trip .

1
it was a bit cramped and noisy in this place .
the acoustics in all of these new industrial-esque type restaurants are terrible !
i 've read over and over reviews of great restaurants and the yelper 's main complaints being the deafening music .
i experience it more times than not if i patronize trendy places .
the food here was good though .
the seating is uncomfortable a bit and tables too close together .
but again , i 've had very good pizzas here from simple pepperoni ( the pepperoni they use here is excellent ) had a fig and goat cheese and prosciutto one and because i love all things fig , i was very pleased by it .
chopped salad is awesome .
service was attentive and friendly .
would go back ... just wish it were a little quieter ...

1
great for brunch !

1
went to the dave ramsay financial peace university at this location and it was a beautiful church .
all the people i have met who attend scottsdale bible are so nice and made me feel very welcome !
i am looking forward to going back and attending a service this holiday season .

1
fortunately enough to swing by for a soft opening !
great place to grab a snack before or after a movie at mac .
sampled the chocolate chip waffle bites sprinkled with powdered sugar and a side of syrup .
ca n't wait to try the waffles wrapped hot dogs .
thanks to a buddy posting the opening on fb ... i just happen to be in the area .

1
wow .
this is the first airport restaurant that has blown me away .
fun , trendy interior with great service .
i stopped by for breakfast and really enjoyed the atmosphere , the music , and the food .
great start to a long day of traveling .

1
great food .
a tad pricey for bbq and drinks though .
$ 20 for 10oz beef brisket ? !
but you could cut it with your fork .
i will be back .

1
yup i think i am going to say it .
this burger place is as or just might be better than in and out .
i just love the buttery bread they use and the meat is perfectly seasoned .
the ice cream , amazingly creamy .
i am not much for burgers .
i always prefer anything but burgers however every once in a while i crave them .
i will be coming back to this place again .
highly recommend .

1
when i first moved back to the east valley after a long stint in california the first thing i asked was , where is the sushi ?
i needed a fix and fast .
i figured my sushi eating days were over when i left the golden state .
on a recommendation from a friend of a friend who 's lived in the area for a long time , we ended up at sekai sushi .
i had my doubts .
i thought there was no way an excellent sushi bar could be in a strip mall in the heart of mesa but i was seriously impressed from the minute i walked in .
the chefs are always super nice , the servers are attentive , and the fish and rolls are fantastic .
everything is very fresh .

1
they will take care of you .
this is a dinning experience , more than it 's about the actual food .
after you get over the kind of strange location - they 're inside a grocery store strip mall - you kind of get taken away by the extras .
first was the amuse bouche , then the shot of cold soup , the cotton candy and then a take-home treat .
i 'm not a fancy eater ... just look at all of my past reviews as evidence , but i do like to getting served and served well .
our waiter talked with us and made sure we were ordering something that we would enjoy .
he was incredibly detailed when explaining the menu .
and he let us know what he would be ordering if given the chance .
so why not five stars : the un-pretty location , a bit pricey , totally cramped seating and long wait time .
a great experience that i would think about repeating .

1
i love fried chicken and lolo 's has great fried chicken .
now as some of the others have mentioned it is salty but it 's not over the top .
it actiually has an amazing flavor with a little more spice than you get at most places.it is also crispy instead of that weird softly breaded junk you usually get when you order fried chicken in arizona .
the mac and cheese is to die for and so are the potatoes .
i 'll definitely be coming back .

1
we 've been to hail mary 's quite a few times this fall because it is an ohio bar ... saturdays , they show the buckeye games and then on sunday , it 's time for the browns .
in fact , it 's one of the meeting places for the browns backers club out here .
my husband is a huge browns fan , so you 'll find us almost every sunday at hail mary 's .
the food is pretty much typical bar food , but they serve cincinnati chili which is another reason my husband likes this place .
the chicken nachos is one of our favorite things to order , and with some beer , it makes the perfect lunch during a sunday game .
pitchers of beer are a bit pricey at $ 10 , but they also have 32 oz beers for $ 5 .
the owners are incredibly friendly and they socialize with the customers frequently .
nice wait staff , although because of the crowds and small staff , the wait for service can be a bit long at times .
the restaurant , bar and patio have tons of tvs , so watching the games is n't a problem .
in the bar area , they will typically show one or two other games besides the browns .
the staff is very accommodating about turning on the game you want , which is nice .

1
this was my first trip to the humble pie in desert ridge , though i had once been to the scottsdale location ( where i was n't terribly impressed ) .
this time , however , i was quite pleased .
they had a nice lunch special for $ 8.95 ( i think ) , which was for a personal size pizza and a salad ( greens or caesar ) .
the personal pizza is supposed to be one particular flavor per day , but our waitress let us know that we could choose any from the menu , which was a nice touch .
i went with a pepperoni pizza and the caesar salad .
the caesar was nice , good flavor , and a fair amount of parmesan .
another nice touch was the mesh wrapped lemon , keeping those pesky seeds out of your salad if you want fresh lemon juice on it .
the pizza , though , was definitely the star of the show .
not only was it packed with pepperoni , this pepperoni had a great flavor to it .
also a plus was the nice crisp crust ... you could tell it was cooked perfectly , and that it came straight from the oven .
the worst part of the meal was that i totally spaced on getting their version of the pizookie !
minus one star to me !
four stars to humble pie though .

1
very nice front desk and owner .
very clean and bigger than it looks from outside .
pricing seems to be in line or better ! !

1
service was good went monday around 2pm .
i can totaly see where the parking issues are .
i had no problem .
i got a scoop of salted carmel and a scoop of peanutbutter both toped with chocolate .
cost seven dollars .
scoops were good sized .
my boyfriend inhaled his salted carmel .
i ate my peanut butter a bit slower .
i did have a few ice crystals in the pb .
it was rich creamy and delish .
.
would i go back ... yes .

1
good geleto with a large selection of flavors .
the lemon is tangy , just the way i like it !

1
omg flatened meatballs as a breakfast meat ... genius ... great flavors potatoes must of had alot of fat fantastic ... .
.
eggs nice and fluffy ... biscit ... very good can you tell i liked it maybe one of the best breakfast in town ... ... ... ... ... ... great space as well

1
my boyfriend and i came here the other day , and it was n't at all crowded .
that being said , i was a little disappointed with how long they took with our order , but when it arrived it was very tasty , and our waitress was great .
the boylan sodas are exceptional .
one of our new favorites .

1
i seem to be one of the few who had never gone to yc 's prior to going here ... and thankfully in my opinion genghis is far superior .
the night i went to yc 's might have been badly chosen due to the car show , but unfortunately is was completely packed , and though i have no problems with people packing their bowls to the gills and enjoying that all you can eat experience i really did n't care much for the quality of the food and the limited choice of rice as well as the fact that their meats were frozen and shaved ... on the other hand my girlfriend and i were a bit tired of heading to chipotle as much as we love it and decided to try it out .
i 'll admit that i could give it 5 stars ( on the food alone ) but several factors do come into play .
i find the seating partially awkward .
against the wall you have people sort of gazing down on you if you choose a table and then the tv screens for those who care to watch a game , etc while eating seem to be placed too high .
on a good note , you have a larger selection of rice and noodles than yc 's and the meats are more appetizing as well as the veggies .
i also liked the numerous sauces offered though i 'm a pretty vanilla type sauce person myself .
the service can be a bit awkward in my previous visits with refills indeed taking some time and i have to feel bad for the waiters who have a limited amount of work to do since clients basically choose their own menu barring some dessert choices that i have n't nor may i ever choose to take .
all in all it was my first `` mongolian grill `` experience and left me impressed and more than willing to give it a thumbs up to friends and strangers alike .

1
yayyy !
i recently returned to mbfge after a 1 + year hiatus .
i was in dire need of some food in my belly .
here is my review for the tempe location ( not sure if there are others ... ) ~ fud/drink ~ the greek food is exceptional considering its in a fast-to-plate setting .
right off the bat , flavors mix well and do not taste amateurish .
they have enough unique items on the menu to give the gyro-happy crowd something to cheer about , as well as the adventurous ones who wants to try the greek fries , etc . .
the daily specials actually seem to be special , with lobster on the menu as well as other fish items , it just keeps the variety going .
they have a lot of drink specials throughout the week , although i have n't taken advantage of them .
i prefer to slip in for a quick pita then go off on my merry way .
~ atmosphere/service ~ good vibes come from this pita place .
they get their orders out fast to you so you can enjoy , its no thrills or frills .
the bathroom is dank and nasty , its pretty obvious they skimp on other things and focus directly in on the food .
i want to make it clear that i do not stay , so its really not important that some things are skimped on , as long as the food is bomb ... which it is : -d if i were to stay , i would definitely do so in the bar , and i would suggest the same to you .
more of an environment inside if you ask me .
in all , its nothing like the usual my big fat greek restaurant .
service is fast and friendly , they are courteous and mindful of your time .
once again , no thrills , just good food and service .
~ extras/rating ~ the plates are huge here , you really do not need to push the extras with a lot of the plates ... you get a ton of food .
they do have a lot of extras , though .
do not consider this place a dive , it looks kinda dive-ish inside when you walk in , but just toss that misnomer aside .
great place to grub out at with some friends .
i give it a 4 out of 5 star rating for its low prices , quality of food to price ( s ) paid , specials/happy hour menu , and fast service by people with smiles on their faces .

1
when i drove by this place , i thought this place was a mexican grocery .
imagine my surprise when i parked and saw the korean writing : ) .
a great find .
from the outside it may not look that big , but inside i was a bit blown away .
the market has plenty of isles that have provided me with some excellent access to korean goods .
every asian market should have a snacks isle ; asians love to munch and i 've been able to munch away on all kinds of korean snacks .
granted not all of of the snacks have been worth my money but i 've found some favorites .
the section that i like the most is the produce section .
sometimes the goods are competitively prices but the produce is always fresh and some things that ca n't be found at other asian markets like lee lee , can be found here -- and example is perilla leaves .
there are other great things i can say , but over all it 's a great place .
the only reason it 's three stars is because the prices are n't competitive .

1
okay best marketing tactic ever !
they twitter a word to ` whisper ' and the first of 50 people to whisper that word get their cupcake of the day .
genius !
as tempting as it may be to go daily , but they have had some amazing concoctions to choose from .
i generally have to share , bc i 'm not a huge icing fan - but if you have the opportunity to have their ` elvis ' cupcake ( banana cupcake w/peanut butter frosting ) , it 's a must !
the classic fave is their red velvet cupcake though , ca n't go wrong .

1
big middle finger goes out to panda right now , japan is my new `` express `` for a quick asian food fix .
you should already know better than to get sushi from these types of places , so if you insist , just get something deep fried and smothered in eel sauce .
yes , it 's an abomination to real sushi , but it 's pretty darn tasty .
the bowls here are cheap , and come out so fast you just know it was n't made fresh .
the spicy terriyaki chicken bowl was so scrumptious that i did n't care .
and for a total of around $ 7 , i inhaled it , washed down with a bottle of ramune soda .
delicious .

1
went for restaurant week with a friend .
adorable little place , wonderful atmosphere .
the squid was just slightly overcooked but everything else was perfect .
service was great .
bring your own wine .

1
i like this place a lot , however i think it needs a little work .
i love that they have better quality items and more avalibility than buffalo exchange , but the artsy design on the inside is cool but kinda half assed .
overall i really like the concept and am a huge advocate of small business , so i would reccommend it to a friend .

1
we 've been here several times since it is right down the street from where the husband and i work .
we 've also brought the in-laws here , since they really like pei wei .
i would have to say that this place is similar to pei wei , but with way more varieties and less of a `` chain `` feel .
when you dine here , you receive a salad with a tasty dressing and some wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce to start .
then you have many protein and vegetable options .
when with the in-laws , we usually order way too much food , but it 's all really tasty and makes good leftovers .
the house fried rice is delicious - it comes with beef , chicken , and shrimp !
the sweet and sour shrimp technically is n't on the menu , but they can bread anything and dunk it in sauce .
s & s shrimp is one of the father-in-law 's favorite .
the beef and broccoli is tasty - the broccoli tastes fresh and the beef is really tender .
the sister-in-law and i really enjoy the beef teppanyaki - which is wide flour noodles with onions and beef .
the sauce is delicious and again the beef is tender .
the husband always orders a different dish , never deciding on just one favorite .
on saturdays , the lunch items are all $ 5 , which is a great deal .
if you are ever in the area , definitely give flo 's a try !
you wo n't be disappointed .

1
i went to del frisco 's last night to celebrate jon and amy 's birthdays .
i was really happy with the way they accommodated our large group in the upstairs patio for happy hour .
when we first arrived , there were n't enough seats , but as the night went on , we were able to get a couple of large tables next to each other .
the waitress did a good job of keeping track of a nonstop flow of orders coming at her ( without writing it down , which i normally find somewhat annoying , but is amazing since she pulled it off ) .
the happy hour prices were good , they had many of their signature drinks on special for 5 $ and many of their apps on special for 6 $ .
i had the vip , which is a clementine vodka soaked pineapple concoction , and it was good but a little alcohol - y tasting for my taste ( but i know most everyone love them , so do n't shy away if you like a strong drink ) .
i also had a margarita , which was just right for me ... it is a low cal margarita made with just lime , tequila , and agave nectar ... definitely a purist 's marg .
the bf had a white russian , which was alright , but a bit steep at 9 $ , especially when it was full of ice .
for food we had the roasted tomato flat bread , which was very good ... kind of what you would expect from a flatbread ... but the tomatoes were big and juicy which i really liked .
we also had the frites , which were lackluster and overpriced ( imo ) ( even if i did have fun with the little ketchup squeeze bottle ) .
then , overcome with plate envy , we had to order the cheese steak eggrolls .
ohhhhh my .
these things were ridic good .
they were hot , crunchy , cheesy , they had two different sauces ... a spicy sweet sauce and something else magical and delicious .
these things were dangerously awesome .
i would come back here just for these eggrolls .
anyway , a bunch of people headed out , when they brought out a bunch of cake ... how sweet !
the cakes were large and damn good too .
the coconut cake thing was out of this world ... toasted coconut , creamy center , crunchy crust , and about a pound of whipped cream ... another item worth coming back for .
they also brought out lemon cake which i thought was just ok , but the bf loved it and he is more into lemon cake .
anyway , it was a good time and i would definitely recommend this place for happy hour !

1
great for your lunch thai food fix !
they always have it ready in 10 minutes .
i have never ate there but it seems nice enough .
i usually get the yellow curry with tofu .
very large helping for only $ 7 !

1
i just saw this groupon and thought i would be adventurous and try out this place .
my experience with azmex has been a very unpleasant experience so i am reluctant to try new mexican food places because of this .
this place was a pleasant surprise .
the food and ingredients seem to be freshly prepared and have robust flavor .
the place is a little bit pricey for the items they offer but then again if you want fresh tasting that is understandable .
my only complaints is for the silly thing i see a lot of az restaurants doing and that is charging for refills .
why nickle and dime .
i 'm not going to pay 20 % of the full price of the drink cause i am thirsty from sitting outside in the heat .
just make sure that when you go that you plan to go when it is cooler cause there is only outdoor seating and drive thru .
i felt like i was eating at a mexican taco shop eating outside .
overall i recommend to try this place as i think it is far better than the lard laden restaurants like carolina 's that so many people love .
no comparison .
do yourself a favor and try this place .

1
i recently started coming to here and i really enjoy it .
the coffee is very cheap and good .
friendly staff , plenty of room to hang out .
although it does get crowded very fast i 've noticed .
but overall , it 's a good place to hang out .

1
i 'm a native to phoenix , so i ca n't remember a time that mc 's was n't there .
my earliest memories of the place are from when it was down on thomas road .
in fact , my memories are so tightly interwoven with my experiences of mc that i may not be able to give a wholly objective review ( but then come on ... what review is every purely objective ? ? )
.
my mom took me here the first time .
it was one of those rare times that i had her all to myself .
as we made our way in to the main seating area , i was pulled along by the signature pink striped wall paper .
the portrait of mc herself , overseeing all that went on .
my mom had told me that when she was a young girl that her favorite treat had been an old fashioned cherry soda with a float of vanilla ... so of course that 's what we shared .
i wanted to experience what she had , so many years ago .
when the drink was placed before us , don mclean 's `` american pie `` was wafting through the air and in that single moment i became a life-long fan .
many things have changed since that first visit ; owners , locations , etc . , but one thing has stayed the same - mc 's has been a part of our memories , our celebrations , our families , our history for over sixty years .
i read a few weeks ago that unless something changes , mc 's will close its doors in may 2011 .
for me that is something that should offer pause to everyone .
it should be painful when we lose someplace that has been an institution to the trendy and chain .
i will be eating a lot of mc over the next few weeks ... and not just the ice cream .
the walnutty chicken salad is unparalleled , the just a little smokey ham salad ( which i do n't think is even served anywhere else in phoenix ) , the not so full mixed salad with one scoop of everything wonderful , the house made chili .
toss in a couple of green river 's , cherry sodas , hot tin roofs , or cashew achoos with mom and dad , and hopefully i will imprint enough memories to get me through a lifetime .
i for one will miss mary coyle 's .

1
i wanted to come back and mention the various upgrades the grove has enforced since my very first time eating there .
.
they 've done a great job addressing almost all concerns .
now there is `` semi `` table service , so at least a server comes by to take your order instead of placing your oder outside at a desk fast-food style .
they 've also amped up their coffee , adding those delish flavored creamers that everyone expects at good breakfast places .
i 've been back several times and am always excited to see what 's new on the menu .
seems like they 're always coming up with new options .
stack of oreo pancakes with maple oreo topping ?
heck yes !
i plan to go this weekend just to try this new plate .
* also , they pulled the plug on the cheesy elevator music and switched to country .
the residents of laveen love this !
: )

1
this was great !
i got the pb & j on a pretzel bun which was everything promised and more .
i 'm not used to the siracha heat , so the sweet potato tots were a good pairing to take down the heat in the first few bites .
we sat outside on a very chilly night so we were alternately frozen and then thawed by the heaters .
the server , kassie , was really nice and ran the whole patio very easily .
we had the brownie to finish off the night , which was a mess ( too many layers ) and not very good in the end .
but it did n't ruin our night and the whole meal for 3 people was very reasonable .
we 'll be back !

1
finally a coffee shop by work !
the muffins are simply delicious .
i had pumpkins , lemon poppy seed and blueberry to date .
earlier today i tried the ice tea .
it was flavored and infused with a berry shot - simply delicious .
a good place to sit back read a paper and kick back .

1
is this place a restaurant or a chill club ?
they have executed both effectively .
we came here after beefing up our wine racks , across the parking lot at bevmo .
and after standing in from the the menu board at paradise bakery and thinking everything on the menu sound bland and boring something fierce .
and going to pfc was definitely a wise choice .
lettuce wraps are the way to start any meal here .
they are out of this world .
i ordered the ma po something-or-other , spicy .
wonderful !
and plentiful enough to make two meals .
the only thing that would have made it better is if the broccoli was in bite-size pieces .
perhaps that 's why we have knives .

1
ate lunch here during the week .
great food for the price .
cool atmosphere .
makes me think twice about driving 3 more miles to old town .
i 'm not a beer drinker , but i welcome establishments like these to add to the arcadia mix of wine bars .

1
just came back from mothers day brunch at stone creek golf course , everything was perfect .
the omelette station was good , they also had a prime rib station , waffles , french toast & chicken .
they had lots of other options , and free flowing mimosas .
we paid $ 25/person , which included the mimosas , coffee , tea , and soft drinks .
all of us enjoyed the brunch , the only problem i had was that they ran out of cheesecake bites before i could grab one , otherwise everything was great !

1
great deals on happy hour ... delicious ribs and saki

1
i was pleasantly surprised while out at san tan to find this place for a icy margarita and early dinner whilst the sun goes down .
.
nice patio .
.
perfect patron margs .
.
and a really cool prix fixe menu .
.
which isnt the usual sample sizes you end up with at times with those chosen courses .
and its only about $ 16 for a 3 course dinner ... my one thing i couldnt tolerate was the taquitos ... greasy beyond belief down to the dry chicken centered within the greasy ` shell ' .
.
attentive waitstaff .
.
good food .
.
bueno for the cantina .
.

1
came here for some ice cream on saturday night .
location is in a strip mall at the very end .
location is open late , with a great selection of ice cream .
staff was fun and friendly , and i will gladly return !

1
good value .
lots of food ( too much , in my case ! )
.
very good service on a friday evening .
the menu is n't anything special , but there is ample variety and it 's prepared well .
i would go again .

1
totally satisfying !

1
i am also disappointed at the poor reviews of los sombreros .
i have never been unhappy with the food or atmosphere here .
sometimes the service is a little slow on the first contact , but once you order the food comes pretty quickly -- and it 's good !
i 've been here 5 or 6 times and always leave with leftovers -- large portions in general are served !
the margaritas are so-so in my opinion , but they have a huge tequila selection and lots of mescal .
the best things on the menu ?
the lamb is delicious but better for you spice lovers ; carnitas are superb ; yummy chunky guacamole ( although this could probably come in a bigger bowl ) ; huitlacoche crepas ; and lots of their specials ( i had really good duck tacos once !
unfortunately i have yet to see it on the specials again ) .
i took my parents , including my dad who needs perfect service , here and they both enjoyed it .
pros : outdoor seating delicious food mediocre : margaritas cons : wait till first service

1
oh jeez , folks , i wanted to be able to give it 5 stars but i just ca n't .
it was n't a 5 star meal or experience .
i 'm giving it 4 because our server was nice and the space is welcoming but it really may be closer to a 3.5 .
the atmosphere reminds me of palatte except inside and with full table service not half counter/half table .
( i was actually expecting it to be counter service but was pleasantly surprised . )
its eclectic and warm but unlike palatte you ca n't purchase the chair you are sitting in if you like it .
its very small and cozy but that means that it fills up quickly if you are planning to dine in .
the service was attentive although the entire experience was slower than we thought , especially during the lunch hour .
we were there over an hour !
for someone on a lunch break if may not be the best choice .
we started with the hummus which was just ok - its not nearly as good as the hummus at fez .
the pita chips it was served with were the thickest and hardest pita chips i 've ever eaten in my life .
i would n't suggest the hummus , you can get better roasted red pepper hummus at tj 's .
( oh wait , none of the tj 's here carry it ... ) my husband selected the `` brown sugar jerk pork `` which was not jerk pork at all .
it was pulled pork and the gouda was almost non-existent .
he said he thought he tasted it in a few bites , but never actually saw it .
( then bread turned really soggy and the whole thing fell apart ) my sandwich was a similar experience .
like megan , i ordered the grilled chicken and sage pesto .
all it really tasted like was chicken and goat cheese with the occasional taste of apple .
the pesto was not existent and the only time i realized there was bacon in the sandwich was when i crunched down on the random hard pieces of it .
for the amount of ingredients in the sandwich it was no way near as flavorful as it should have been .
i do n't think i 'm ready to marry this sandwich at all , but i may consider seeing it casually on the side .
only if we can date other people though .

1
the quality of the food here is very , very good and consistently so !
the pricing too is very reasonable .
we love the manicotti and the linguini with clams .
service can be understandably slow when busy .
we 've eaten at both locations and the food is just as lovely at either place .
i most definitely plan to return again and again , often .

1
any circle k with a public bathroom gets a 4 star in my book ... so many times i have gone to places that do n't have public bathrooms that i am going to start giving those jerks 1-2 stars .
this place is old and run down but it serves its purpose ... fuel , convenient store , and most of all public bathrooms !

1
i like a latte ... do you want a latte ?
do ya ?
do ya wan na latte ?
maybe a mocha ?
i 'll get you one ... a latte ?
mocha ?
i also like my latte without an i 'm too cool for school stare , without an i 'm trying to hard to be 25 but i 'm really 45 hipster crowd , without an ingress and egress that causes instant anxiety , and without disdain for the world ... lola fits that bill and more .
i also like my latte with someone who can make fun of the 45 year old hipster as well as the 25 year old hipster , someone who can appreciate some room and time to sit down , someone who can discuss the merits of day drinking , and someone who looks good doing it ... lola fit that bill and more .
i also like it when i know i will be back ... see you soon lola .

1
this was my first visit to phoenix and was n't certain what to expect from a `` historic `` hotel in az . .
wow .
i loved the history of the place and the architectual influences of frank loyd wright .
very large property .
my husband and i stayed in the villas - nice with a private bedroom feel and outdoor patio .
if i were to return i would reserve a room overlooking the garden or the cottage rooms .
both are packed with history .
definitely a beautiful-unique `` historic `` hotel in az . .
on the minus ... no in room coffee/maker is unacceptable - particularly given the room service coffee will run you close to $ 15 w / surcharges .
patios and furniture in the resort section were not worthy 5-star hotel .
grounds around the resort rooms/patios also need luxury spruce-up .
late check-out resulted in 3 different housekeeping staff walking into my room while i was trying to get dress/pack .
all in all - still worth the stay .
.
for the history and beauty of the hotel .

1
a friend of mine recently got hitched and she asked me to be her bridesmaid , woo !
she stayed the night at this hotel and i came bright and early the next day for hair/makeup and mimosas : ) this place is quite snazzy , with its chic decor and great complimentary breakfast .
the breakfast was n't your typical bowl of overripe apples and a box of frosted flakes , no no , they had a waffle iron , eggs , bagels , oatmeal , juices , milk , coffee , english muffins , yogurt , etc . .
quite impressive .
the room was nice , my friend said she thought the bed was a little firm for her liking , but otherwise nice .
the only downside was that during our wedding makeovers , the water stopped working .
as in , no toilet flushing or washing of hands .
when you have seven women in one room with flowing champagne , that 's not a good thing .
the front desk was more than helpful , however , and opened up several rooms next to us and a few downstairs , too .
thanks for the hospitality !

1
cool atmosphere , love the 2 for 1 beers during happy hour and their free appetizer buffet was the bomb .
cool atmosphere and nice outdoor area .
only planned on staying until about 8:00 pm .
when i finally left after midnight i was the last person there !

1
yes i am a fan ... now i just need to re establish a work space for my artistic endevors .
i wandered their asiles looking , unfortunately i did n't have the time to keep looking or the budget ( or the workspace ) to take home many of the items i have been looking for to take the swirling images from my head into a more tangable medium .
i can see this as being a go to place for me to pick up paints , inks , canvas and clay .
i will also have to check out their catalog .
my first visit i was given a discount for signing up for their frequent shopper program .
i ca n't wait to spend more time here .

1
i was excited to try this place out after reading all the good reviews but torn about whether i like this place or not .
i ordered a plate with steak , beans , rice , plantains , chorizo , and sliced avacado .
i could have cooked everything on the plate and it probably would have tasted better .
it was my first time trying plantains and i thought they tasted a little sour .
i did n't like them but i boxed them up and gave them to my dad and he thought they were delicious .
i had a couple of bites of my sisters tamales and wished i ordered that instead .
i am not a fan of tamales by any means but these tamales rocked my world .
i will be back for more .
we ordered a mango souffle for dessert and the father that works there told the son to make us take it to go in spanish like we did n't know what he was saying .
i thought it was funny because he smiled at us the whole time like we did n't know what he was saying .
i am giving this restaurant four stars because i can not stop thinking about those damn tamales !
i 'm gon na come back , order some tamales , and try some other things on the menu and maybe i 'll bump it up to five stars .

1
reading the sad news about aiello 's closing their central ave. location reminded me to share the good news about this place .
so ... aiello fans , take heed : you have an alternative and it is good ! !
i had the .
best .
stuffed artichoke i 've had in a looooong time here ( see photo ) and , for that , i am a devoted fan !
the artichoke was giant and must 've weighed at least 2 pounds stuffed !
i also enjoyed the eggplant rollatini - the eggplant was soft and sweet and loaded with ricotta filling .
the sauce had the perfect acidity .
seriously , for as big of a fan as i am of the food and as convenient as it is -- it 's dangerously close to home !
the adjacent pizza place has a white pizza that 's on my list !
looks perfect but ca n't fully vouch for it ... yet !
; )

1
i think i 've found my regular brunch spot .
great portions , amazing food and drinks .
.
the only bummer is there can sometimes be a wait so you may want to get their early .
i recommend the strawberries and chocolate pancakes or the cream brulee waffles and do n't forget the bloody mary 's !

1
tried torched goodness at food truck fridays .
they were out of the sea salt caramel ( flavors are seasonal and they run out quickly , so you have to get there early ! )
, so we opted for the rose water .
it was n't a flavor that i 'd usually pick , but it was unique so i figured why not ?
the layer of sugar was a bit too much for me -- it was a little too thick -- but that quickly gave way to the perfect creamy center that was infused with flavors of rose in a fantastic way .
i did n't think i 'd like it , but now i ca n't believe i hesistated to order it !
for $ 4 , this will be a regular treat for sure .
now , i 'm off to see where they are right now ...

1
if you are looking to socialize or bring a group for people out that have n't experienced tempe this is the place to be .
the drinks selection is good , the food is a little better than regular bar food .
the real highlights of caseys is the atmosphere and the staff .
located in the downtown college neighborhood the place is always bussling with people smiles and conversations .
the door guys can be a little rough around the edges so do n't try to get in the door if you had anything to drink prior to your visit .
also check out the upstairs if yo can sneak by the wait staff its a haunted room !

1
they have a high quality gyro sandwich with a great deal for price ... $ 6.75 , inlcuding fries and a drink .
pita is always fresh .
tzatziki sauce is really a sauce , not just sour cream .
hot fries are great ... and i am not a fries fan .
the guy at the counter taking orders is super gracious on the customer service front .
i hope they thrive in this neighborhood .
we are short of good , reasonably priced restaurants with quality food .

1
i have never been to chicago .
but i love chicago food .
chicago hambuger co. makes me feel like im there .
the sliders are pretty awesome .
my favorite is the traditional vienna chicago dog .
with all the chicago decor on the walls .
my favorite is the poster of all the things that has happened since the last time the cubbie won the world series .
its pretty fun to read .
will be back for the shake or the patty melt .

1
i 'd probably give this place 3.5 stars , so for the sake of yelp , i 'll round up .
they have a nice big menu with tons to choose from for any meal of the day .
while i 've enjoyed the food and have had friendly service , i 'm just not excited about the place .
the pastry display at the front of the store is beautiful and definitely piques your interest , but i 'd say it 's 1/3 -1 / 2 full of butter cookies and while butter cookies are good , how excited can you get about them ?
the prices are a little high , but then kids eat free on tuesday .

1
only applies to mini golf , as i have n't tried the other attractions .
i 've been to the miniature golf course probably 4 or 5 times .
what can i say ?
i like me some mini golf !
reminds me of ocean city , md where i spent many of my summers as a kid !
anyways , there are two mini golf courses of 19 holes each .
one is the lost dutchman and i forget the exact name of the other one , but it has to do with a princess .
both are rather elaborate with obstacles and props to correspond with the theme .
watch out for the windmill and loop-de-loop .
i had some trouble with them and racked up a few etra strokes trying to finish the hole .
: ) i also ended up with my ball in the water once or twice , but i like to keep the game interesting !
i like to go to this location around sunset like between 6 -7 p.m. .
the view is very pretty with an orange streaked show passing through the sky .
once it becomes dark , the course becomes more vibrant as colored lights and large white spotlights turn on , so you can play in the dark .
good for a small group of people .
more than 4 or 5 would seem to take too long for each person to finish .
i think 2 -4 would be the perfect group size .
also , bring water with you because it gets pretty hot .
i think the vending machines are expensive .
the mini golf itself is not very expensive , but i think they get you with food , rides , arcade games , etc . located inside .

1
zipps is easily one of my go-to spots for beer and food .
if me and my friends are looking to go out , especially for happy hour and ca n't decide where to go , zipps is the default .
my favorite thing about this place is their nightly specials for late night happy hour which is almost exclusive what we do .
they also have a lot of great food ; tho something to keep in mind ; i do n't think they are trying to be a fancy restaurant , but rather focuses on more `` bar food . ``
with that in mind , their signature is the focassias , but i love the chicken strips and even their fish tacos !
they do n't have the biggest beer selection , but that 's ok because what they do have is good , or just order a zipp-erita .

1
very nice work .
i had two blouses and two pairs of dress pants taken in and hemmed .
.
they are a bit pricy , so ask for a firm quote when you go .
i 'd rather go to them than spend less money for poor work , and believe me , i have done so in the past .
i 'm hard to fit in about 12 different ways , so finding them makes shopping less dramatic .
they are professional and put you at ease .

1
found this place b/c of yelp and glad i did .
great sonoran hot dogs .
i got two and was uber full .
the first time i went i recall less than optimal communication .
i asked how many types of dogs they had , and the answer was `` how many ? ``
.
today was the 2nd time and things went much better .
very helpful and once again a great meal .
i also feel like it was a bit cleaner this time , maybe they straightened up or repainted .
it is in a below average neighborhood but worth the adventure .
go for the food , not the ambiance .

1
the service was friendly and the cashier knew the menu .
the restaurant was clean but sparsely decorated .
the food was good but a little pricey for frybread .
the toppings were tasty but a little on the light side .
i do n't have a huge appetite , but i left not quite satisfied .
i will go back ... the food was good , but i can get a lot more food for my money across the parking lot .

1
i love that there are so many good thai restaurants in this area .
this one does not disappoint either .
the food is good and the ambiance is cute .
i got my pad thai at a medium-hot , but i would bump it up 2 levels next time since it was n't very spicy .
i think this one is a little more expensive too .
i got a shrimp pad thai ( $ 12.95 ) and a `` large `` thai iced tea ( $ 3.50 ) .
it was $ 20 for just me doing take out .
however , i was in and out within 10 minutes .

1
i still have to take away a star because it 's just still so confusing .
there was no entrance-fee wackiness this time , but i was still completely lost .
do n't get me wrong , i love this museum .
it 's amazing .
it 's the perfect place to go if you - want - to get lost and wander for hours .
but if you 're going for something specific , sometimes it can be a little tricky to get to it .
i went to see making waves ( contemporary japanese prints ) specifically .
i was n't sure what gallery they were in , so we just started out by wandering around .
found some amazing contemporary chinese paintings .
after more wandering , we still had n't found making waves , so we ended up asking a series of pam employees/volunteers .
1st employee : `` oh , that exhibit is right in this gallery * points at map * `` we go there ... and it 's the chinese paintings .
not japanese prints .
2nd employee : `` i 'm pretty sure it 's in this gallery , here * points at another gallery on map * `` nada .
3rd employee : `` i 'm not sure , maybe it 's this way ? ``
nope .
4th employee : `` wait ... do you mean you want the firefly exhibit ? ``
... no .
finally , someone got us to making waves , which was in one of the few nooks we had n't already wandered into by accident .
talk about painful .
anyway , making waves was great .
we also checked out the previously mentioned firefly exhibit , which is a permanent ( yes ! ! ! )
installation called `` you who are getting obliterated in the dancing swarm of fireflies . ``
it 's amazing , disorienting , and totally trippy .
check it out .

1
i thought the food was good .
i am from seattle and the thai there is amazing so i guess my expectations are high but i would go back .
i would recommend ordering pad thai one star hotter than you think you can handle as it is not as spicy as one might think .
i ordered green curry with tofu at 3 stars and it was as hot as my hubby 's pad thai at 4 stars .
overall the outside is sketchy and yes you are in the hood , but it is worth checking out if you can handle the sketchy mystique .

1
this was my first visit to this location .
as always , the food was great .
however , the service was less than stellar .
the waiters name was ernesto and he was really creepy .
he talked under his breath and he made checking in on us awkward because he kept walking away while talking to us .
i just disregarded it because i did n't want it to get any weirder , but i ended up leaving him half the tip i usually leave an ihop waitperson .
also , when we first walked in , they were working on a vent towards the front door and there was cardboard and dust on the floor .
that grossed me out .
i gave it a high review because the food was good and reasonably priced .

1
i love this place , not only because it is one block from my house but because the staff is super friendly , there are always interesting people to talk to , the patio is gorgeous and perfect for coffee sippin ' / people watching , they always have vegan pastry options and they are always amazing and oh yeah , the coffee is yum .
my only gripe is i wish they had more dairy-free milk choices ( all they have is soy ) .

1
my husband and i were headed to a different sushi restaurant and got there too late .
i was getting hungry and angry .
we saw this place and tried it .
we were the only ones there on thursday night after nine pm .
we sat at the sushi bar .
i love caterpillar rolls .
it has turned into the roll that i judge a place by .
the roll here was alright .
it was good but nothing special .
the december 29th roll was delicious !
the hubba hubba roll was good as well .
the sushi chef was an older asian gent who was nice .
the slight cons were we only ordered one beer and got two .
we should have spoke up since i do n't drink but we did n't .
also it was bit pricey .
we will go here again sometime .

1
came here with my family for dinner after it was recommended to us .
we were told that they often have awesome 2 for 1 daily deals or coupons .
we were given ones for 2 for 1 chicken or steak fajitas .
i had the steak fajitas and thought they were delicious .
i also had a glass of white zinfandel , which was really good and sweet .
my stepdad had a bloody mary and liked it so much he ordered a second ( rare for him ) .
everyone enjoyed their food/drinks and the wait staff was friendly .
would definitely return on my next az vacation

1
delicious french food ... i highly recommend the beef bourguignon ! ! !
their duck confit cassoulet was just okay , that was what my husband had .
i would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though .
it 's nice that they take reservations !
a special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner .

1
weekend mornings ... i crave their menudo .
best thing is i can ask for it the way i like it most : more maize and with red chile .
service is prompt and done with a smile .
i have also had their chile colorado and fajitas ( great menu items )

1
i visited zaytoon with a friend today upon her suggestion .
i work in the area and saw that it had gone into this particular strip mall but had not had a chance to eat there yet .
i read the reviews on yelp prior to going and was prepared to have a long wait .
there were no lines when we arrived and we ordered promptly .
she and i waited only about 5-10 minutes before our food was brought to us .
i ordered the chicken kabob entree which came with rice and pita .
the chicken was quite flavorful and cooked well .
the rice and pita were nice additions to the plate .
the price was $ 7 + change which is fairly reasonable .
there was a slow stream of customers while we were there , many of whom ordered take out .
i would return to this place .

1
the food is awesome and the service is fast and works .

1
good stay , good service .
nice location for people needing treatment at mayo clinic ( it 's right next door ) .
a bit somber feeling at times due to that proximity .
manager 's reception served one night during our stay was very nice - good selection of appetizers , a keg of beer , wine .
good selection of restaurants and shopping areas within 5 minutes or so , but all by car , nothing is close enough to walk to from here .
our room was spacious , a bit dinged up here and there and certainly nothing fancy , but overall a comfortable place to put our feet up between medical appointments .
slowest elevator ever .
if you 're not a patient person , request a room on the 1st or 2nd floor because i 'm pretty sure i aged considerably just waiting for that bleeping slow elevator to take me down from the 4th floor !

1
yum yum ... i * heart * waffle house !
it 's cheap , fresh food , fast ... 24 hours a day .
what 's not to like ?
sure , sometimes it 's a lil greasy but , it 's not as bad as some and in a 24 hour breakfast joint like this , a lil grease is to be expected .
trust me and try the biscuits and gravy ( gluttony ) or plain grilled chicken sandwich ( healthier ) ... they delish !
that being said , they have a pretty good salad , if you 're ever in an no-grease mood while at waffle house .
and do n't get the waffles ... they 're weirdly one of the worst things on the menu !
good people watching and juke box selections at this location ... especially as it 's right next door to a strip club !
woot woot !
see ya there !

1
style of dim sum : pushing carts .
food : the dim sum was pretty decent for phoenix !
there was n't a lot of variety but at least you got all your basics and maybe a few of the more exotic ones .
the quality and taste was both pretty good !
service : really nice dim sum ladies that work here !
they were so attentive and very good at selling the dim sum to us !
ambiance : needs improvement !
the dishes/cups were kinda sticky .
the whole place screams out a `` hole in the wall `` vibe but it 's actually not that small or hidden .
this place needs a renovation !
they do n't even need to do that much , just a touch up here and there to liven/brighten up the place would do !
price : there 's 10 % for dim sum right now !
the items were pretty decently priced for the quality and quantity !
overall : i would totally come again !
it 's a good deal !

1
this is a neat desert attraction for anyone who likes butterflies .
they start you off with a 3d movie flight of the monarch-which teaches you a lot and shows some gorgeous scenes .
second , you get to view real butterflies in their cocoons-some of which are hatching out !
thirdly is the large room full of butterflies floating around you .
if you 've ever been to the butterfly exhibit at the dbg and enjoyed it , you will love this one .
i found there to be so much more `` movement `` .
butterflies everywhere , many of which land on you .
as much as i loved it , once it enough .
it 's very family-friendly so it was packed with strollers and children screaming through the movie .

1
i love to hate this place .
quandry -- lol update - **** myan coffee is super yummy !
**** english muffins - heaven as usual but expensive !
9 bucks but worth every bite .
* sweet treats are good , not the best i have ever had , but darn good .
* pizza is pretty good for non ny style , artisan pizza .
* parking is still a pain but the parking gods were with me tonight .
lol * service - hit or miss for sure .
some people fawn all over you and a few are snobby .
the nice ones win out ignore the hipster snobs .
lol -- one girl who works here is just super rude .
i wish i got her name .
however , three other servers were outstanding .
it is what it is .
the pizza manager is very nice .
maybe josh ? ? ? ?
* this is such a great little concept of a store/restaurant .
it is always very crowded though , a little pricey , and not easy to maneuver inside the grocery part thus my opening line .
but the food is good .
i hear their breakfast rocks it .
( i have never had it yet )

1
great spot for seafood .
the wildfish salad entree is unique and delicious

1
good burger good value .

1
i have the cutest nails !
gel nails that last forever .
flowers on my toes to go with my spring wardrobe .
and for an extra $ 10 ... a 15 minute foot massage that was absolutely heaven .

1
if you 're a local , check out their spa 's slow day specials ( most often a tuesday , wednesday or thursday ) .
it 's a nice little spa in a great location and the staff was pretty good too !
.
it does n't hurt that trader vic 's is so close by and has tropical happy hour specials for afterwards : ) !
.
great staycation location !
here 's a sample of the newsletter spa specials : http : //www.returnity.biz/images/email/vho/wvho_020210.html

1
i give this rating based on four things 1 ) there hamburgers and caprese sandwich were very good .
2 ) the service was great .
3 ) very mellow ambient qualities ( music , lighting , etc ) 4 ) the bathroom was awesome .
i am not joking .
if i were rating this place based solely on the quality of their bathrooms , they 'd definitely get a five .
gripes : $ 9.50 for a burger that does n't come with fries .
i think most people would complain about that .

1
teharu is a wonderfully inexpensive way to get to get a quick sushi fix , especially if you 're looking to try new maki or nigiri without shelling out too much cash .
their sushi is not the greatest , but you get what you pay for , right ?
if you want to try higher quality sushi , this is not the place you 're looking for .
they also do n't have much variety , as most of the maki on the belt is some variation of california roll with a different topping .
it 's a great place for beginners who have n't had sushi before , as they probably wo n't have had much experience with better sushi and wo n't need to pay too much for just a taste .
if you are coming in during the evening , be prepared to wait a good 15 to 20 minutes before being seated .
seating is limited and the place is always packed at these times .
the staff has been attentive the three times i 've been here , so i have nothing to complain about .
all in all , this place is good fun !
i 'll definitely be a regular here .

1
they have the biggest cups i have ever seen .
i had to use two hands to pick up my water .
i love it already .
our server niko gave us impeccable service .
very professional .
nice .
i love the restaurants decor .
beautiful pictures of greece line the walls .
when you walk in you walk by their huge ovens and kitchen .
if you want to just drink or hang out there are tvs in a bar like area .
i ordered marinated chicken breast .
i rarely order chicken breast since i hate getting overcooked dried out chicken .
.
but took a chance and was glad i did !
after days of eating bbq pork ribs i needed something a little healthier .
added a side greek salad which came out looking beautiful and tasted even better than it looked .
the meal was ... large .
a big heap of lemon roasted potatoes , steamed veggies , pita and rice .
yummmmmm ! ! ! !
delicious !
tried the award winning gyros also .
delicious !
the tzatziki sauce was delicious !
also tried the roasted chicken wrap .
pretty good too !
excellent food .
excellent service .
good prices .
only minus one star because my chicken and potatoes were a bit on the salty side .
live music too !
i thought i was listening to some cd the entire time .
walked out and saw a guitarist on the other side of the restaurant .
he was excellent too !
are there any of these in san diego ?
i need to find out ...

1
great bar , great service and great bar food .
we meet here once a month for our drinking club with a running problem ( phoenixhhh.org ) for our mis-management meeting and always have a great time .
they even have some options for those of us who are vegetarian .

1
very convenient hot dog place on campus very get hotdogs chili dogs excellent the german dog is also excellent they have very bomb frank and beans as well as side dishes such as chili cheese fries and the environment is great .
also since most of the people who work there are affiliated with arizona state university they are very nice and their service is above par .

1
we went here with a friend that lives close and had a wonderful dinner !
the service was pretty slow , but luckily we were n't in any hurry .
we got mostly rolls , but loved every one we got !
i would recommend this place for a nice , classy dinner .
we ca n't wait to go back !

1
prices can only be beat by costco .
great selection

1
( lyrics - james blunt - you 're beautiful ) the food is excellent my mouth is full i saw a wine list of that i 'm sure she smiled at me as i ordered she had many patrons at hand but they wo n't lose me as a customer cause i 'm a big fan nosh arizona , nosh arizona nosh arizona , it 's cool i saw your place in a magazine space and i thought i 'd go to you cause i 'll always be coming back to you nosh = to eat food enthusiastically or greedily .
indeed , i 'm guilty of this heinous deed !
however , i have to say i was damn hungry !
i came with a gal pal and we sat at the kitchen bar .
nosh is definitely a cute setting and relaxing atmosphere .
located in chandler it 's a rare find !
we ordered ... well i should say i ordered the apple gorgonzola pizza to share or not !
needless to say scarfed it down !
the sweetness of the cheeses meshed well with the saltiness of the maple bacon while the hint of bitterness came from the arugula .
yummy yummy yummy indeed !
they have a nice wine list , but i 'm a beer guy so had to get my favorite magic hat .
overall , great dine and wine place and with some live music this place would pop !
- enjoy !

1
brand new with all new state-of-the-art equipment .
all of the cardio machines have tv with ipod hook-ups and there are plenty of them so you should not have to wait.definitely a vast improvement over the old location that it replaced .
i plan to use and enjoy this location as much as i can before it gets too ghetto .

1
after my first visit on valentine 's day , i 'm underwhelmed .
my wife has been to flemming 's so many times that she has literally ordered everything on the menu .
it 's one of her favorite restaurants , in no small part because steak is one of her favorite things .
after my last valentine 's day experience at bella luna , i have lowered my expectations for valentine 's day service .
but why ca n't we just go to the four seasons every year ?
i digress .
so we made our reservation three or four weeks in advance and arrived a few minutes early .
it took 10 - 15 minutes to be seated , which gave us time to walk around outside and take some self portraits in our dressy clothes .
they seated us in an awkward two-person table that is nestled in the corner of one of their half-walls .
okay , time-out .
if your restaurant has fewer than 5 % of your tables in the tiny , two-person variety , then you should n't have them at all .
stop screwing us over !
the table was n't even large enough to lay a single closed menu on .
look , if you 're one of those tiny french restaurants with only fuck-you tables , then fine .
i 'll chalk it up to french peculiarities .
but when we are the only couple at a restaurant in a two person table , well , i start dropping stars and f-bombs .
okay , so our server was pleasant , but the food and service came slow .
at the end of the meal he gave us his business card and asked us to visit again .
we also received a a $ 25 gift card for eating over v-day weekend , and received a thank-you e-mail the next day that i found to be a pleasant surprise .
the food was good , although i wish they had the v-day blue-cheese crusted fillet mignon all the time , and not just on one day a year .
bread was nice , wine selection was good .
no beer on tap , but i understand it 's a steakhouse .
not much else to say , other than looking forward to using the $ 25 gift card on our next visit .

1
i love carl 's jr and i ca n't wait until this one reopens !

1
very deceiving from the outside , but the food was very unique !
it 's rare to find a place that sells delicacies from pakistan or afghanistan .
i tried the goat dish .
the meat was very tender , though a bit fatty , but i did n't mind since it was very flavorful .
it was stewed in a thick and flavorful sauce .
you get either naan or basmati rice with the dish , but we got both .
our meal ended with clove-infused rice pudding ... which was addicting !
our server was very friendly and had good recommendations .
there is no ambiance , so do n't go expecting a classy atmosphere .
this place is for people that appreciate good and unique food .
looking forward to trying more off of their amazing menu !

1
great barber shop , great haircut , cheap price , clean shop , friendly barber .
i had a haircut yesterday from robert and he did a great job .
price $ 11 , save a dollar on wed. and thur .
i tried this shop years ago under different ownership and it was dirty and full of smoke .
now that the no smoking law is in place i tried it again .
the new owners fixed up the shop so it no longer smells and it 's neat and clean .
i 'll definitely return again .

1
the kids club here is awesome !
the girls pay such great attention to the kids !
i love that i do n't have to worry about who is watching my daughter while i get my workout on ... they are completely reliable

1
ohh , man ! !
i 've been to this place way too many times because it was hard for me to get geno 's pizza in chicago .
every time i go to asu , this is where i go .
the have the best thin crust pizza in the u.s. ( again , besides my chicago pizza ) .

1
best machaca around , hands down .
the places gets busy , but you can not beat the price and the food all around is good .

1
i enjoy silver mine from time to time when i used to live on campus at asu main silver mine would be one of the only late night delivery places their subs are good , from the meat to the cheese , to the bread ... their prices are pretty reasonable as well and their staff is always friendly tonight i had the kids sandwich combo because i was n't very hungry and i enjoyed it ... i think it 's a good portion for kids ... it also comes with a bag of goldfish and a fruit roll up stick : ) also the deliver until 3am

1
i have n't ever eaten anything here except the fries , and they are damn good fries .
whenever i have a layover in phx , i make a beeline to gate a13 to get those fries .
that is all i have to report .
kthxbye

1
i really appreciate the food ere .
it is quality .
i come from the east valley and has n't found decent chinese food on the west valley till this restaurant arrived .

1
hookah , pool , snacks , and friendly staff .
i wish this place was closer to me , because i would definitely be a regular .
the guy running it knows his stuff and knows how to treat patrons .
what more do you need ?
i was visiting friends and found this place after trying to find somewhere with bellydancers .
no bellydancers were to be had during the time i ended up there , but they may have them on other nights .
it 's an interesting venue : industrial feel , but with way comfortable clubby-style seating .
also their bathroom is really clean .
-lsb- always a bonus ! -rsb-
i 'm also not sure if this place is now called `` silver q `` or `` trickshot `` , but whatever the name , it 's a good venue .
spacious , comfy , fun , and not too loud ( unlike some hookah lounges i 've been to ) .
go !

1
you think that a meth habit is hard to beat ?
then do n't try this place 's pho sate or its curry stew ( best with french bread , i think ) .
we 've found them to be incredibly addictive .
every week or two my bride and i become consumed with pho-lust and absolutely must pay this place a visit .
start off with their number 8 - roll-your-own vietnamese spring rolls , best with pork , i think .
nice little neighborhood place , not much for ambiance , but the food definitely keeps us coming back .
good service , too .

1
this location had closed for like a year but it is back in business for a few months already .
we have been there about 3 times this year .
staff has been friendly and consistent ( prior to closing i had complains about some employees being kind of stingy ) i am not giving them 5 stars because this location does not give the frequent customer cards , they will punch them if you have one , but they do n't carry them : (

1
i stopped here because my yelp app said this place had swarovski but unfortunately they did n't .
what they had tho was not only blinged out gear for women & girls but super helpful employees that took the time to try & help me find a store .
one of these days when i 've got my little daughter in tow & we are scouting the san tan shopping area i think we will stop in here and see if we can loose a couple bucks .

1
this place has more than pizza and nachos ... great food prepared lightning fast .
you will love the wings and wraps .

1
it was girls day out and we made the drive from phoenix out to the mill .
that in itself was an experiece - there were some road closures and we had to make a big circle to get there - a little frustrating , but we made it and had some laughs .
was n't sure what i was expecting , but a big warehouse was n't it .
they have a large selection of olive oils , vinegars , and related items .
the tasting section of the oils is really cramped - unfortunately , gave up trying to taste as pushy rude people seemed to win out .
they should really put some thought into the layout of the store , checkout , tasting , and dining area - a better layout would help with the flow .
we ate at the little bistro - the food was really delish and fresh .
brushetta was good , the waffle was huge and yummy .
dont bother ordering a glass of wine as you will pay for a full glass of wine , but get a thimble full .
stick to bottled beer or the couple they have on tap if you must have a drink with lunch .
there was a little farmers market outside and a wine tasting going on .
a few private parties - with great weather this would be a great location for a baby shower , birthday , etc . .
a cute little place , but now that i have been there do n't see myself making the long trip back .
i hear they are going to have their products in some stores soon , so will go pick them up there .

1
i 'm a starwood platinum , so i get around to alot of sheraton properties .
this property , while old , showed some signs of updating .
it 's a great location in terms of freeway access and the grounds are quite nice for being located close in phoenix .
front staff was very helpful .
the room was nice with a big plasma but like most hotels , no hd programming .
not sure why you have a great tv and only offer standard channels .
overall , i 'd stay here again .
i would think it 's more of a business hotel but it 's also a great central location to explore phoenix from .

1
i like this place .
you can substitute a greek salad for fries .
add a drink and tax and it 's only $ 7.09 .
good for a quick lunch .

1
little pricey , but damn are the calzones good !

1
even though it is a chain , it does n't taste like it .
great pizza and a nice atmosphere here .
the patio is superb .

1
what a pleasant surprise - to find an authentic cuban restaurant in the state of arizona ! ! ! !
i had the typical beef plate with rice and beans and maduros .
i 've been thinking about the maduros all week long ! ! ! !
pretty standard cuban food and it was excellent .
it lead me to ask the waitress where the owners are from - one is from new york and the other cuba which is why the food is really really authentic .
we topped the food off with a really good pitcher of sangria while a cuban band played live cuban music in front of us .
for me , this was a 4 star night .
this is a very casual place my only complaint is that it is sort of pricey .
two entrees , a half pitcher of sangria and 2 appetizers was over $ 80 .
we 'll absolutely go back again ! ! !

1
great food , good service .
always a great stop for a bite to eat .

1
our family has been eating here for years so its not surprising my dad picked c-fu for his fathers day lunch .
although it was jam packed the wait was n't bad ( 15 minutes ) .
dim-sum was , as always , delicious and the variety ( always the best on the weekends especially sunday/holiday ) was plenty .
we ordered our standard salty-fish fried rice which never disappoints .
** if you 've been here and have never had it , try it ** i 'm as patient as they come so i was n't bothered by the small wait for the right dim-sum cart to roll by or the drink refill .
it was fathers day so it was expected .
until next time ...

1
black bear diner 1809 e. baseline road gilbert , az 480-926-2046 in my continuing quest for good food at reasonable prices , i was convinced by two companions to try black bear diner .
they are a chain of about 50 restaurants in the western states .
we arrived at dinner hour and were promptly greeted and seated .
the atmosphere is a bit eclectic and kind of reminds one of a hunting lodge in the mountains .
our waitress came promptly to the table and asked about drinks .
the menu is written on a kind of newsprint , and makes interesting reading .
apparently , each one is tailored to the state it is printed in , and is replete with interesting facts about the state .
companion 1 ordered the cobb salad ( $ 8.99 ) .
the portion size was enormous , and two could have easily made a meal of it .
nice smoky bacon , a large portion of blue cheese , and tons of assorted salad on a plate that was more than 12 inches across .
companion 1 was unable to finish half of it and ended up with a doggie box to take for the next day 's lunch .
companion 2 ordered the bacon burger ( $ 10.49 ) .
i 'm not sure , but i 'd bet that the patty was a half pound of meat .
by the time it was all stacked up with all the fixings , i could n't figure out how anyone could get their mouth around it - but companion 2 managed it along with the cheese on it and a portion of onion rings instead of fries .
for myself , i ordered the chicken fried steak .
it came on another huge plate ( a necessity for the size of the portion ) along with mashed potatoes smothered in gravy and fresh cooked assorted veggies .
there was little doubt that the veggies were cooked to order as they were still a little crisp and done to perfection .
all this came with a delicious corn muffin to add to the calorie count .
none of us could avoid desert .
other than washington state and oregon , i 've never been served anything with huckleberries - perhaps it 's because the bears like to eat them as much as the humans do , so they are expensive and hard to come by .
nonetheless , they had huckleberry ice cream - the only correct word for it was yum !
companion 1 had it over a deep dish cherry pie , and companion 2 had it as a shake .
neither of my companions could finish their deserts .
i had mine as a simple ball of ice cream in a dish , and just managed to finish it .
service was outstanding , and everything was nice and clean .
i give them 4 stars for quality , portion size , and cleanliness .

1
well we 've been here a few times and i have n't reviewed the place it 's in a decent easy to find location at the corner of 44th street and thomas everyone is friendly at this club from the security to the dancers to the waitress the cover charge is not too bad at $ 5 one thing i must mention is that this is itty bitty titty committee land the girls do not have fake boobs or much on top at all there are quite a few girls with nice asses though and several of them can really work the pole i 'll give a shot out to nina who really knows how to climb that pole and do acrobatics , she 's the best the club is small compared to others in the valley and that was initially a turn off for me but now i 've come to appreciate being the only couple in the whole place you really get alot of attention from the girls also this is the only strip club with a girl who has actually turned my boyfriend on he came away saying he was turned on and that is not common for him so kudos to sugar 44

1
during the school year i avoid this four peaks like the goddamn plague !
this place is just packed constantly !
however i do love a nice summer drinking session on the patio here when all the college kiddos are away and it 's just a little less insane .
i 've eaten here once and yes the food was really really good , but i got ta be honest , i come here to drink beer .
and lots of it !
four peaks brewery has grown in popularity at an alarmingly rapid rate , and their beers really back up that big game they talk !
they offer all the typicals : hefe 's , ipa 's , pale ales , stouts , etc . ... but they add their own spin to each one .
the hopulent ipa has a crisp hoppy finish to it that is just divine !
the kiltlifter is by far my favorite of four peak 's selection , as it reminds me of my favorite beer from back east , and it 's now offered in cans making it an excellent choice for your next poolside beverage !
because it is technically a restaurant , there is no smoking on the patio ... until 10pm .
the nightly ritual involves all the smokers getting one ready a minute before 10 , then lighting up as soon as the ash tray hits the table ( sometimes before ... ) .
it gives everyone a sense of unity ... and a good laugh !

1
this new zoes location has been open only a few weeks but it 's already become a regular lunch destination in my rotation !
i 'm a huge fan of zoes ' greek salads , chicken salad , hummus , and fruit salad .
i love their large portions , casual atmosphere , and modest prices .
i also love their `` dinners for four , `` which are perfect if you 're bringing dinner over to someone 's house , and they are always a hit !
todd , the manager of this location , is super nice , as is the rest of the staff ... oh , and i know it 's already been written about in some of the other reviews , but you have to order a drink and use the new coke machine !
it 's incredible how many options there are .
my latest fave drink concoction is my version of an arnold palmer : 1/2 unsweet tea , 1/4 raspberry lemonade , and 1/4 regular lemonade .
delish !
do n't forget to check-in on yelp for 10 % off your order !

1
great spot for a casual drink in old town .
love the patio and the big round bar .
most bartenders pour weak drinks but overall great spot !

1
absolutely wonderful pizza and wings - delivered .

1
love all of the trader joe 's .
this one , the parking lot is a little tough and an odd size for the location .
otherwise , always great produce for a great price .
always walk in and walk out with a ton of groceries without spending a fortune .
such a gem !

1
being one of the rental car giants , i expected enterprise to be one of the more expensive options presented to us ... wrong .
majorly wrong .
we scored a weekend promo of $ 10/day/100 miles .
if you go over , its 20 cents a mile after that ... not terrible .
after booking online , they decided to give us a complimentary upgrade from the compact .
never thought id drive a modern day station wagon ... but here came the oh so cool chevy hhr into the parking lot !
http : //www.theweeklydriver.com/files/2011/12/chevyhhr.jpg / sarcasm .
hey whatevs , the upgrade gave us power lock and cruise control and it actually drove pretty nicely .
not necessary but obviously nicer .
in terms of a rental experience , couldnt have asked for an easier one .
reserved online , got a confirmation call the day before , free upgrade , pleasant return with disregard that we brought back 20 minutes late and definitely went over our milage .
* careful which door you walk in .
we accidentally went to the left and entered a check cashing business .
i mean , it looked rather shady with the glass behind the counter , super strong fake cherry smell and sorta grungy employee but i guess i still wasnt awake .
i told the girl we had a reservation and she looked at my blankly for a good 10 seconds before i realized we werent in enterprise .
ahahah : - p

1
this review is only for the club room upstairs as i have n't been to any other areas of the club .
the main reason i went here - they have 2 poles you can dance on !
they 're only 3/4 height poles so they are n't the most stable , but for doing basic pole tricks and bends it 'll work !
both poles are elevated on platforms so you can shake your thang for everyone to see .

1
as always , i was chilling in the desert in my b-boy stance and the office decided on thai food for today .
i was with it and gave siam a chance since i had n't really had real thai restaurant food and what my thai coworker brought in to the office really does n't count .
siam rocks it .
the service was great and the chicken pad thai was delish .
i 'm definitely going back to try some of the other dishes available .
have n't had good thai food since moving from nyc but yeah , i 'll be back .
sawadee .

1
i 've come here on saturday night and the atompshere is awesome .
i 've also come here on a lunch date & the food is great .

1
had this place bookmarked after watching adam richman eat a dozen sliders on man vs food .
since i was in the area i decided to stop by for lunch .
the place was packed and i had to wait a few minutes to be seated .
while i was waiting i browsed the bakery side of the joint .
i did n't realize it was a bakery & a deli .
the bakery had a ton of awesome looking desserts ... i almost scrapped lunch in favor of a dessert or two , ha !
but my name was called and i went to be seated .
the food menu is pretty large and i had a tough time selecting a dish .
i asked my server for her opinion and she suggested trying the sliders and making a combo with the original jewish sliders ( mini challah rolls , brisket , potato pancakes , jack cheese , brown gravy ) and the western sliders ( mini challah rolls , bbq brisket , cheddar cheese , onion strings ) ... there would be 3 sliders of my choice and fries for $ 11.99 .
i decided to go for it and ordered the combo with 1 original jewish slider and 2 bbq beef sliders .
after a short wait my food came out .
i could n't wait to dive into it .
i went for the jewish slider first .
i 've never had anything like this before ... it was dripping with gravy .
took one bite and could taste the gravy , potato pancake , and jack cheese immediately ... then i could taste the brisket , which was very moist .
it was pretty good , but i 'm not a big fan of gravy unless it 's thanksgiving .
next i went for the bbq brisket sliders ... .
they were very tasty .
the proportion of bbq sauce and onion strings were just right to give it that sweet & tangy flavor .
of the two types of sliders i prefer the bbq sliders over the jewish sliders .
the fries were breaded wedge cut fries and were awesome ... .
crispy on the outside and moist & soft on the inside .
the spices on the fries were very good too .
overall , it was a good meal .
my server was very friendly and checked up on me often to make sure i was satisfied with my meal .
she offered to replace the jewish slider if i did n't like it .
i told her that it was good and then she suggested pumpkin creme brulee for dessert .
i was n't planning on dessert , but could n't resist and said yes .
it came out and the portion was pretty big ... there was no way i could finish it but i gave it a good shot and ate 1/2 of it .
it was very flavorful and gave my meal a nice holiday touch .
i enjoyed my meal here and got my money 's worth .
will i return ?
you bet ... i might actually give that 12 slider challenge a shot if i 'm in the mood .

1
very clean and a brand-new location , staff was very friendly and helpful .
i planned on stopping by to dunkin ' donuts to pick up donuts for the office and was drawn into cousins subs got a half-dozen subs , definitely worth it i 'll be visiting back again

1
so i 've just moved to the area from seattle and my quest for mexican/southwest cuisine has begun .
my dh and i popped over for a late lunch on a saturday based on yelp reviews .
i was n't sure if i wanted bfast or lunch so this place fit the bill for choices .
waited a bit for a table even though it was n't very busy .
the room is very loud even after a couple of acoustic panels look to have been installed .
i ca n't imagine what it would be like on a crowded day or night so if you 're looking for a small quiet place , this might not be it .
we were lucky to have a great waitress who answered all our questions , made good suggestions and was sure to check in often .
i had the torta with steak and fried egg .
it was good , egg cooked very well , meat a bit overdone but tasty .
hubby had a pork carnita torta which was just okay .
also had the guac - yum-oh !
and posole , quite good , too .
parking was easy , the hotel is a bit kooky if not interesting .
i 'll definitely be heading back soon .

1
think cedar plank ... now think hand rubbed red spice british columbia rockfish ... now think northwest vegetables ... baby carrots , peas and onions now think wilted spinach with bits of garlic ... now sit in an air conditioned booth underneath a 50 pound plus stuffed chinook ( king ) salmon now savor the moment for in a few minutes you will be out in the 100 plus degree heat and wishing you were in the northwest next to the sea shore or river or forest or any cool green and blue location

1
touch of thai is probably the best i 've found so far in the valley .
satay is the ultimate gauge of a thai restaurant imho , if your satay sucks you 've just tarnished my opinion of your entire establishment .
is it fair ?
maybe so , maybe not but i got my standards ! !
theirs is pretty good , their noodle dishes ( pad see u , pad kee mau , etc , ) are also good choices .
i am a big fan of spicy food and their menu does not disappoint in that regard when i specify that i like it hot ! ! !
have fun !
and a singha !

1
this is actually a pretty authentic place ; the service is pretty rude , the american inspired chinese dishes do n't taste that great , but the real chinese dishes are pretty damn great .
if you 're looking to bring a date , unless you are going for real casual , do n't bother .
but if you 're looking for a relatively low priced place where you can find a few dishes that rival san francisco china town 's holes in the wall , turn a blind eye on the imported service and take your chopsticks and randomly choose something on the menu .
well , that 's what i did atleast .
i come here if i 'm going to be in phoenix for a couple of days , and always find myself full and with some leftovers for tomorrow .
as for what to choose , well if you 're someone with a sense of adventure ask the service what 's their favorite , you might be disgusted and blown away all within the same hour .

1
i liked the idea of using locally produced products , unfortunately value for money was not there .
with a food and wine bill at over $ 100/person the food quality should be extra special .
our overall opinion was that the food was either a little too salty and or a little bland ( most dishes ) .
the fish ( marlin ) cooked to perfection , the butter nut squash great flavor and mushroom soup tasted like a packet soup - so some dishes really nice , but others either bland or over salted .
the young lady serving us , although very attentive tended to be a little too serious .
a little smile or joke might have been in order .
we were never rushed and spent 2 - 3 hours just chatting - setting was wonderful so high marks for the ambiance .
just a pity the food did not match ambiance etc . .
i guess i 'm spoiled by my wife 's cooking .
8/18 update - perhaps i was a little harsh the first time-around .
second visit to the restaurant - food and ambiance excellent .
great way to spend several hours with friends

1
first of all , the guacamole made table-side is ridiculous good .
i do n't even like guac and i loved it .
the margaritas are also delicious .
the service was friendly and fast and the menu has a pretty good selection .
i had a really good steak and shrimp and my girlfriend had some tasty fish tacos .
i ca n't wait till we go back and enjoy the nice outside patio !

1
my husband and i tried this place last night for our friend 's birthday dinner .
it was great !
the bread was fresh and the spread that came with it was addicting .
i had the mushroom lasagna and my husband had the vodka cream sauce , we both agreed that we enjoyed mine much more .
that 's not to say the vodka cream sauce was n't good , it was decent , but my lasagna was incredible ! !
the ambiance is nice and intimate , maybe a little too dark and a bit cramped for a large party .
fantastic for a date night , though .
the service was good .
not especially friendly but she kept the drinks filled and divided our checks up without hesitation .
that 's always appreciated .
my husband went up to ask the piano player if the he knew if the trumpet player had a mute ( an accessory for the trumpet that give it a brassy sound ) , and he seemed offended .
apparently the pianist was n't familiar with this device and thought my husband was saying he wanted the trumpet muted as in to make no noise !
oops .
he was also not receptive for my husbands request for some moody jazz music .
oh well , lesson learned that we will leave the piano guy alone .
he and his ensemble put on a nice show , though at times the volume was a bit intrusive .
we will be taking family here and plan to return on our own !

1
i have been living out of hotels and moving around since april of 2009 so i have seen my fair share of hotels .
i stayed at this particular candlewood for over six months and i was actually sad to leave .
customer service - to me customer service either makes or breaks a place .
the staff here is exceptional in this area .
they call and leave a message in your room when you have mail to pick up , there is always someone readily available to help at the front desk , and they resolve any issues quickly .
during my stay here the dishwasher stopped working .
they had someone there first thing the next day to install a brand new one .
i always looked forward to talking with the staff members every day , especially the girls at the front desk .
during my stay there i really felt at home .
facilities - okay , so you should n't go in expecting the hilton .
as far as appearance goes it 's really a no frills kind of place .
but it has all of the essentials and they keep everything very clean and well-stocked .
the pool is open 24/7 and also has a hot tub .
i really took this for granted during my stay because i did n't realize just how rare it was to have a pool with 24/7 access .
after a really hot phoenix day there was nothing nicer than grilling a good dinner on the outdoor patio , jumping in the pool and enjoying an ice cold margarita ( not provided by the hotel of course ) .
their exercise room is one of the nicest i have seen out of all the candlewood hotels i 've stayed it , based on variety .
they have 2 treadmills , an eliptical , a bike , a stair climber , a floor mat , an ab machine and a weight machine .
everything is well laid out and kept clean .
there is a water fountain and they provide towels and santizer to wipe down the machine .
the laundry room has everything you need ... although you want to try to do your laundry before peak times .
there are rude and impatient guests who will throw your clothes out of the machines even before they have finished their cycle .
( pet peeve ! )
added bonus ... this hotel is next to a tgi fridays and an amazing seafood restaurant , pappadeaux .
so , if you want a comfortable extended stay hotel , stay at this candlewood .
and be sure to tell the girls at the front desk tina z said hi !
: )

1
great place , i like the layout - the alcohol area is at the front of the store .
love their chicken salad from the deli .
their cashiers are really good and friendly .

1
in 15 years or so when there is a line that connects the light rail to the airport , and there is a train that takes you to any terminal , to the econo parking and to the rental cars , this place will be a solid rocking 5 stars .
right now , it 's a weak 4 .
they have awesome signage on the roads leading in and out of the airport .
but if you do n't know exactly which one to take - you are kinda screwed because you could end up going to the other side of the airport before you can get out .
once you know where you want to go , it 's a breeze .
they 've done quite a bit of work recently on the inside of the airport to make it more customer friendly .
and i have to say , pure location wise - i love that it 's so close to city center .
i know it has some disadvantages , but when you need to go , and fast , it 's awesome .
decent food offerings and free wi-fi are great , though i think some of the stores could do a little updating but that might just be me ... i have n't had to go through the new `` see you naked `` screen - but i 'm psyched to check it out , though i wish it was from the other side ...

1
this place is always fun , cheap and good !
honestly you dont go wrong , they play good music and the staff is always nice .

1
superfan !
the boulders is a fantastic retreat in scottsdale ( or carefree technically ) .
they have houses and small apartments/condos .
when i was there we stayed on a nice cul-de-sac for a family get together .
the houses are gorgeous and have huge porches .
you get state of the art appliances including washers & driers as well as grills and in our case a smoker !
so if you 're planning a bit of an extended vacation these homes are a great way to save some money by making your own food .
once you 're in the place you 'll never want to leave .
for the price of your room there are a lot of included perks : shuttle service around the property , all the pools , the features at the spa and activities at the spa ( like yoga and water aerobics ) .
for an extra fee there 's more stuff to do : spa treatments , bikes , guided tours , and sports like golf & tennis ( i think the sports are extra , i did n't actually do any , it was vacation after all ) .
it 's also a gorgeous place for your wedding plans .
if you love the outdoors of arizona , you should really consider getting married here .
there are some beautiful locations and one even has a nice , big waterfall in the background !
the food and drinks on the property are a little on the pricey side , but i think that 's normal at a resort .
i 'd just say go to the abc store ( or that massive whole foods ) and pick up your drinks and make 'em yourself .

1
trader joe 's is a very nice store .
if you 're looking for organic , healthy , or just the out of the ordinary items ?
trader joe 's just might have it .
it does get busy here , and tend to have long lines .
i have to get into a phase when i start coming here again .
but it 's always there for us ! !

1
total sensory overload ... in a good way !
had a co-worker tell me about this place and i had never been , so while in the valley we stopped in .
i love to cook and love trying new ingredients , i did n't know what way to turn or where to look because it all intrigued me .
i could have easily spent hours in there .
we bought a few things , but now that i know ( kinda ) what they have , i can plan .
the seafood looked great , the fresh meat looked awesome and the veggies were fresh .
from cheese cracks from india to congealed pigs blood , they got it all .

1
i always forget about delux only because zinburger is closer to me but i really do like delux better .
i had their new hot dog option which was really good .
they bring out a bunch of condiments to add to your hot dog , although jalapenos are $ 1 extra .
the fries are really good too !
i love the atmosphere here as well .
our waitress was really friendly and super attentive .
the only thing i did n't like was seeing the owner `` scold `` one of the waiters , who looked new , in front of the customers .
i think that should be done away from the ears of paying customers .
i also do not like when you see a manager or an owner in house and they do not go to any tables to say hello or how was the food .

1
i have always had fresh food here .
the service is nice and simple .
i had the 2 spicy tacos in soft corn shells , with cheese , sour cream , pico and lettuce .
served with chips and a drink for under 6 bucks .
the meat was good , not too spicy at all , the chips were a little greasy but i like that and the salsa bar was good .
none of the salsa 's were over the top good or hot .
i suggest getting the `` super hot `` from the people before you sit down .
the place was clean and the price was excellent .

1
we recently moved to the qc/stv area and were told we had to check out the queen creek olive mill .
so , our first week here , we did .
the food left me a little unimpressed ( especially for the price ) , and the gelato is good but not like omgamazing .
the olive mill is a great place to get local last minute gifts , but you 're going to pay for it .
i have n't tried the olive oil 101 classes yet , but they 're only $ 5 and seem fun !
the olive mill 's olive oils are delicious ( especially the spicy chile one ) .
their shirts are over-priced ( probably only because i know how much it costs to make a t-shirt ) , but cute .
we absolutely adore superstition coffee ( inside the olive mill ) , so i 'll be writing a separate review on it .
besides being over-priced , we all love the olive mill and would recommend it as a place to visit .

1
we tried their signature blu burger and a build your own with the kobe beef .
they were both great and very large .
we tried regular fries , zucchini fries and onion rings .
the zucchini fries were awesome !
the only bummer was there were n't very many .
the sides are definitely not for sharing .
another con is that they actually have a split plate charge of $ 2 .
that really bothered me .
overall , great service and good food !
next time i am trying a $ 3.50 milkshake .

1
our server was incredibly charming and encouraged us to order the pretzel/provolone fondue .
i 'm so glad we took his advice .
it was delish ! !
anything salty & with cheese is great in my book .
my girlfriends all ordered salads here for a late lunch .
the portion size was fair and they salads were n't over-dressed .
i 'm a big dessert person so i ordered the salted caramel custard & the apple monkey bread .
the monkey bread was warm , soft and tasty .
if you like apples in your dessert you 'll love it .
it was n't as cinnamon-y as i would have personally liked .
the custard was divine .
it 's topped with caramel popcorn which i picked off .
they have an outside patio seating area and indoor seating as well .
prices averaged around $ 10-12 per entree .

1
good food and great atmosphere !
ok so we went to citizen for my husbands birthday and there were 6 of us .
we were seated quickly as we did have reservation and our server was pretty awesome .
some of our friends actually knew the guy which was cool and we received an industry discount which was really nice and not expected at all .
i did n't drink that night since i was the driver , but i heard the drinks were great just a bit on the small side .
as for the food i tasted a bit of everything .
for apps we had the pork belly pastrami ( a bit too fatty ) , chopped salad ( awesome ) , fernet steak salad ( not a fan too sweet for my taste ) .
for entree 's i had the scallops which were good not the greatest and i shared the duck with my friend which i liked better than the scallops which were quite rich .
my husband had the crispy stealhead which i really liked , but he was not that keen on it .
our other friends had the chicken and waffles , mac n cheese , and lamb burger and they said they were all fantastic minus the fries which i tried and were a very strange texture almost like they were rolled in cornmeal not 1 of us liked those at all .
all in all it was a nice place with great service and good food , but a little over priced for the taste and quality of the food .
for this many stars on yelp i was expecting city hall experience and my tastebuds to be dancing with excitement .
i would recommend for gathering with friends and would go back !

1
went with a group of about 10 for a birthday dinner .
we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table as they would not seat us before our entire party arrived and do not take reservations .
we sat outside which was a little chilly even with the heaters .
we ordered several appetizers including bread and toasted ravioli .
for my entree i ordered another appetizer , stuffed artichoke hearts .
i thought they were quite good .
they were breaded and deep fried which the menu did n't mention , but i did n't mind .
everything tastes better battered and deep fried lol .
for dessert , we shared several cookie pizzas .
my favorite is always the chocolate chip , but i also enjoyed a few delicious bites of peanut butter cookie .

1
how i want to give this place 5 stars .
i grappled with it for at least 5 minutes before finally writing this .
the location is killer .
not only is it in ` slope ( which is an awesome neighborhood ) but it is an old fire house ( complete with garage doors ) and has a beautifully shaded patio .
really top notch .
the panino i had , with manchengo , pesto , and salami was amazing .
even the chips were good .
the menu was a little lacking in things that interested me but the one thing i found was simply the best .
the service was dreadfully slow .
for a couple sandwiches that should only take 5 minutes to make , the 15 we waited was too long .
i grapple with comparing this place to postino because they are so similar but where postino succeeds in great service , bomberos food was just flat out better .
so many difficult decisions in life to make and choosing between these two wine bars could be the toughest .

1
the vast majority of restaurants do n't last 5 years .
thai lahna has lasted for decades and for good reason .
consistently above average in every category - food , service , value , and a comfortable atmosphere ideal for a date or dining with friends .
my worst experience here was better than my best at some places in arcadia .

1
el tiacoyo is not your usual mexican restaurant .
it 's hidalgo regional cuisine .
that means you can order things like cow foot tacos , cactus soup , head meat tacos , sausage and intestine tacos , huitiacoche cheese crisp , barbacoa , mixotes and so much more !
they have weekend specials this past weekend it was lamb tacos but on past visits i saw goat and brain tacos .
they start you off with chips and a creamy green very spicy sauce thats very good and a smokey red sauce that 's also good and less spicy .
we got the huitiacoche ( also known as corn smut or mexican truffle ) cheese crisp .
it 's not the americanized watered down version it 's the real stuff .
very earthy and interesting .
from what i tried so far from here i 've found that they do very good fish dishes here very reasonably priced .
they do n't use that cheap tilapia or muddy tasting swai fish like other places use .
from the two fish dishes i tasted it seems like a very fresh sweet snapper kind of fish .
this time i tried what they called grilled fish .
when i saw it i thought they gave me the wrong thing because i received an aluminum envelope filled with very moist very fresh tasting fish cooked in juices from tomato and onions and a little butter .
by looking at the envelope i think they cooked it on the grill .
this dish came with average rice and beans and tortillas .
my husband tried the chicken enchiladas , they were made with very fresh tasting chicken and were or mostly were just filled with chicken .
the green chili sauce that topped them was very heavy with lime juice .
i should mention that this place is not fancy and is very raw looking so you only come here for the food and not the ambiance .
it 's also hard to see from the street because it 's located behind another building .
4.5 stars i did n't round up to 5 because of the average rice and beans and lack of atmosphere

1
i 've been to the big bang a few times , always on a fri or sat night .
each time has been great .
the dueling pianos are fun to hear and go back and forth .
the players do an excellent job of getting the crowd going .
each player provides his/her own personality when playing .
the drinks are reasonable and you 're served pretty quick .
there are some tubs full of bottled beer scattered along the floor if you do n't want to wait at the bar .
.
the only drag is that with the music going on , it can be very hard to hear someone talking with you .

1
great place for yummy crunchy doughy rolls with basic deli fixings or exotic combos like spicy chicken , cilantro and vegies .
the iced coffee is really really good too .
spring rolls taste wonderful too .
and did i mention that the prices are the best in town for a deli sandwich ?
note : do not go here thinking `` gourmet italian deli `` - this is more of a standard sub on a better roll at a better price .

1
nice place to try a different kinda of sandwich if you 're tired of chains like subway .
i love their housemade mozzarella , local tomato & basil : food was fresh and the bread was excellent .
i also tried the tuna with red onion , gaeta olives , lemon & arugula and that was nice as well .
service/seating was really quick ( went on a saturday for lunch ) .
only complaint is the parking , had to park on the street a couple blocks down because their lot was packed .

1
i am a huge suns fan , and being from la , born and raised , i was excited to go watch their first home game of the 09-10 season .
there 's plenty of reasonably priced places to park near the center and all that look pretty legit ( none of the shady business you see in la ) .
from outside it looked pretty small , but once you step inside it 's a whole different story .
wide hallways that are properly marked telling you where you are make it easy to find your way around .
compared to staples the place is `` tiny , `` but because it is every seat in the house has a great view .
no such thing as nose bleeds here .
if you 're in town to watch a suns game or another event check it out .

1
fellow yelpian ryan c. organized a little luncheon at india palace yesterday ( see , it 's not only ladies who lunch , sometimes it 's us manly men , too : ) i made the pilgrimage from otowsco to the near reaches of nw phx and met up with ryan , rand , norm , daren and wes and we talked and laughed and we hit the boofay at india palace pretty hard : ) pretty good boofay ... not terribly extensive as far as the food selections go ... but the available items were all well prepared , well seasoned and my lunch ended up on the happy end of the `` crap to quality ratio `` : ) as we dug into our first plate of boofay , ryan said `` i hope everybody filled up on bananas and cheese `` ... a humorous comment about lubricative effects of the food at india palace : ) in a happy coincidence , he almost exactly described my breakfast yesterday morning ... 4 bananas and a 1/2 pound of tillamook sharp cheddar : ) when you get to be my age , the adage `` never trust a fart after 50 `` is n't just a funny thing to say ... it becomes one of the guiding principles in your life ... so , bananas and cheese ... all the curry 's and tandoori 's and vegetarian squash/potato stuff and vindaloo 's with basmati rice and naan in the joint are n't going to break through this particular firewall : - ) oatmeal would have just been throwing gas ( no ... gasoline , not gi tract methane ) on the fire ( oh wait ... that would work too : ) although i 'm not generally a fan of boofays ( i really do think the `` sneeze guards `` seem to be just a suggestion to many of the people that i see rooting around in the boofay ) this was a pretty clean and well maintained boofay ... i had 2 plates of pretty decent indian food and got a chance to relax for few minutes with friends and have a little light conversation : ) things stayed sealed up tight and i sailed through the rest of my day with the confidence , dignity and demeanor of a man who knows that everything is safely locked down : )

1
in a sentence : culinary dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings , amazing location in the heart of scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of old town , on point entrees that range from classic to what i call contemporary chef-y food , and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus .
after a short afternoon of shopping , i and the other musketeers ventured into cd in search of yummy goodness ... we were n't disappointed .
we scarfed down the pretzel and cheese fondue .
sorry , i ca n't remember the exact cheese used , but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste .
musketeer # 1 had the shrimp po ' boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome !
with its fresh baguette , crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping , this po boy claimed to have died several times .
the fries were good , i 'm sure they are awesome with the steak .
musketeer # 2 had the truffle egg scramble .
she said that it was good ... not bad ... but not terrific .
we love the truffle , and this did deliver however ... it just missed something ... je ne sai quai ... just something .
i stole a bite and concurred ... the low point in a overall great meal .
and me , miss musketeer # 3 had the coq a vin ... a must !
if that or braised short ribs are on the menu ... they must be ordered !
that 's the rule my friends .
my braised chicken was good , kind of on the sweet side , but over all very good , although the chicken did have an odd texture , it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven .
i think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry .
we arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done ... but barely .
musketeer # 2 and i both needed bread and butter , our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige , even though it took a very long time t find him to ask for it in the first place .
we capped off the meal with their `` famous `` monkey bread , it was definatly worth going bananas over !
warm , gooey , delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it did n't need the ice cream it was served with , but we certainly were n't about to send it back !
the three of us died over that one !
to my yelpers i say : if you have the cash to spend ( three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams ) , a few hours spend on dinner ( we were there a while ) and a need to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley ... then this is the spot for you !
bring your most expensive it bag , a pair of oversized shades , maybe a sweater ( the outdoor heaters really did n't work ) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready ! !
it 's gon na be a blast ! !

1
i love east side records !
this place is so great , its hard to believe its still in tempe and that some terrible fye or some other coporate trash hasnt pushed them out yet !
come to east side records if you : adore vinyl listen to more obscure music want to discuss said obscure music with truly knowledgable and hip cats like to support local buisness live in the area just come to east side records !

1
oh the drive to the rent car ... it is the farthest rental center but nice layout and love the selection there .
always irks me that the `` fees `` for the car rental is almost the cost of the rental .

1
tired of those italian chains ?
then this is the place to try for either dinner or even lunch .
it 's small and intimate but you do n't feel like you 're crammed in there .
the bread they bring out is warm and yummy .
they have a good variety of wines .
the pasta tastes home made and very very good .
oh and if there is still room try one of their home made desserts !

1
i 've wanted to try this for a long time !
situated right on scottsdale blvd in old town -- right in the thick of it .
well , i got there right at 7am when they opened on a saturday morning .
i was able to sit outside on their covered patio , and enjoy the lovely cool morning air ... before the blistering heat melted me .
fun and lovely staff , very accomodating , and cool .
the food was terrific , and i enjoyed their veggie hash ( squash , onion , mushrooms ) as a side to my smoked turkey & brie omelette .
coffee was great , and the neverending refills was just what i needed .

1
here are a few things to consider before you dine at a restaurant named scratch : quite possibly you will be eating something made from scratch , which may take a little longer to prepare than the average restaurant .
you will have an opportunity to enjoy the freshest , in season quality ingredients .
you will be able to have handmade , fresh baked , painstakingly prepared french croissants in the morning and in the evening a tray of beautifully detailed french desserts will arrive table side for you to select from ... there were 13 different options on a recent visit .
i think scratch is best enjoyed when you are not in a hurry , and perhaps not ( yet ) on nights when there is a mob scene , though i think they will master that in time .
lovely patio dining options ( with great people watching ) to enjoy before the heat comes .
staff who are clearly friendly , attentive and take great pride in quality ingredients , cooking and service when the place is not slammed .
they mentioned on a recent visit that they are working on expanding their vegetarian and vegan offerings , so stay tuned for that .
impeccably brewed , flavorful french teas .
murals by local artists on the streetside planters , a parklike promenade and great ambience .
i love that they are open from 8 am - 10 pm weekdays and until 2 am on weekends .
that is ambitious for downtown phoenix and deserves our support until they work out some of the details mentioned in other reviews .
so here is my advice on scratch .
put yourself in a leisurely frame of mind , go on over there on a weeknight when you can have the staff 's undivided attention and i think you will be charmed with what scratch is offering .
kj the chef is a wizard from what i have tasted so far , i plan to be back again and again to this cozy neighborhood gathering place .

1
i actually like this place .
i find the mood to be nice and the lighting just right .
the food is well prepared and the alcoholic drinks are fantastic .
martinis !
my one complaint ... they need to add some more vegetarian dishes .
i find myself ordering this great appetizer every time i go there because it 's the only thing with tofu on it .
anyways , it 's a great place for a date : )

1
yummy ... the gyro was really good and fresh ; it might be the best gyro in town but i 'm gon na need to try it one more time .
plus the gyro was pretty good in size ; i get pretty disappointed when i do n't get enough food .
it also came with fries and extra gyro sauce at no extra cost .

1
i finally got around to trying out this revolving sushi joint .
i was excited because 1 .
i 've never been to a revolving sushi place before and 2 .
i heard it was cheap .
i was n't disappointed .
we went on a tuesday night around 7 , and while the place was decently busy , we got seated right away .
i think it helped that there were only two of us .
there are plenty of tables , but if you want to sit right in front of the conveyor then it 's probably best to stick to a group of four or less .
we were asked what we 'd like to drink , but other than that it 's basically a dig in and help yourself kind of place .
( and yes , you might have to get your waiters ' attention for more drinks or for the bill , but since you 're picking out the food yourself , that makes sense to me .
it 's going to be hard to tell when someone wants something or is done . )
anyway , it 's easy to get excited by all the choices going by you and just start grabbing up everything you see .
but stuff does come around multiple times , so next time i think i 'll pace myself a bit more : ) they pretty much offer standard sushi rolls , nigiri pieces and japanese appetizers .
it 's fresh and pretty good considering the prices of the plates .
the food comes on either $ 1 , $ 1.50 or $ 2 plates .
for those prices you get slightly smaller appetizers and the rolls have four pieces , but it 's still an amazing deal .
some specialty rolls or items are a little more than that , as signified by being placed on more than one plate .
they also throw some random things in the mix , like japanese sodas , juice , and i think i saw a fruit cup .
but to me , that 's just part of the fun .
all in all , i think we stuffed ourselves on almost 20 plates , got two large sakes , and only spent about $ 40 .
had we not completely stuffed ourselves , we could have easily spent less .
i 'll definitely be back : )

1
checked out just relax for the first time today .
there was a bit of a communication issue due to a language barrier that resulted in a longer and more expensive massage than what i requested .
i did n't realize until it was time to pay , however it was so blissful i ponied up without a fight .
very relaxing , and highly recommended .
just make sure they understand what you are asking for .

1
one of my fave dives !
just keep in mind before you head in ... cash only !
the crowd is easy going and everyone who works there is super nice .
on friday nights , they have dj 's , which is always fun !
a small dance area and light effects and cheap drinks !
i mean really you ca n't go wrong .
and this is one of 3 bars i know that actually carry my whipped cream vodka !
if dancing is n't really your thing they have another side you can go shoot a lil pool at as well .
last but not least , if you 're looking for a quick bite after the bar lets everyone out , they generally have chili dogs or tamales to purchase outside .
so keep that in mind as well !

1
still great .
bought the rolando 's special breakfast burrito this morning .
asked him to cut it in half .
i ate the first half with their homemade green sauce for breakfast and will eat the second half for dinner .
it 's that big for $ 5 .

1
location/parking : right off the 101 .
easy , free parking .
things to do : there is a big butterfly house , a stingray petting tank , some fish tanks , a few insect exhibits , an informative and beautiful 15 minute 3d movie , an impressive gift shop , and a small no frills cafe .
the butterfly house is great !
very large , well maintained , relaxing , and even plays gentle music in the background .
the butterflies are beautiful and there are never-ending opportunities for taking some beautiful photos !
the 3d movie is fun - be prepared for kids squealing .
it is beautifully done and provides a good bit of information about monarchs and their migration to/from mexico .
the other exhibits are pretty weak , but well maintained and you can see the potential .
value : sort of on the pricey side ( about $ 18 admission , includes everything ; cheaper for kids/seniors ) but is enjoyable .
noteworthy : be careful not to step on a butterfly ! !
final verdict : i would recommend a stop here .
perfect place for a family outing , a date , a solo trip to see something different , a casual day trip for friends .
if you are okay with the idea of spending money to walk among butterflies , i can safely say that you would enjoy it here .

1
just finished dinner at haus murphy 's .
service was just alright , but the food was fantastic !
i got the classic german bratwurst which was served with sauerkraut and german fried potatoes .
the brat was flavorful and juicy .
sauerkraut was sour and tangy .
potatoes were a little greasy but delicious nonetheless .
my parents split a platter which came with a brat , jaeger schnitzel , some beef patty thing , stuffed chicken medallions , and potatoes and sauerkraut .
it was a great deal for $ 18 !
definitely recommend !

1
cafe nordstrom has been saving me from food court doom for years .
if you 're eating in the mall and you 're not eating here , you 've made a terrible mistake , my friend .
everything is consistently delicious and well prepared , standouts include the angel hair pasta , shrimp salad , and tuscan salmon .
do yourself a favor and come home without a panda express food baby of guilt and sodium and enjoy some fresh cooked awesome instead .

1
love this joint !
a simple margherita pizza is my test for good pizza places .
often , it 's the `` simplest `` dishes that are the most difficult to execute .
classic italian wo n't disappoint !
this is my east-valley pick for best pizza .
although they have a full bar , they do n't stock campari .
just a personal taste i have , i suppose .
there 's not much to brag about the scene .
with zero street visibility , no proximity to night life/culture and hidden in an half-empty strip mall , the restaurant must rely on its great food to sustain business .
( not a bad business model ... others should take note ! )
hit classic italian purely for the food and it 's an easy winner !
staff is friendly and the pizza is about as good as it gets in the valley .

1
so , on a beautiful spring day i find myself in cave creek , helping a friend demolish his kitchen .
there 's just something about doing demo work that is cathartic .
you get to destroy stuff .
and it 's fun .
we were being careful , however , as some of the stuff we were taking out was recyclable and we fully support recycling .
after dropping the cabinets off at the habitat for humanity in anthem , we headed back to meet our wives and have a small catered lunch , provided by my host and delivered from bryan 's black mountain bbq .
i love bbq .
all kinds .
you will hardly find a bbq that i can not enjoy - especially when done right , as bryan 's does .
we had an assortment of meats , chicken , pulled pork and sliced brisket .
everything was juicy and tender , with just the right amount of chew .
the smoke flavor was mild , i personally prefer a stronger smoke flavor , but this bbq was very tasty just as it was .
what i found most interesting was the coleslaw .
bryan 's clearly makes his own , with shredded cabbage , and a mayo-based sauce .
sprinkled throughout this slaw were green olives .
now that one was a new one for me , i 've never considered coleslaw with olives , but it actually worked .
this was a tasty slaw .
we enjoyed our meal on the patio , looking south toward ( appropriately ) black mountain .
the meats came with a bit of sauce on them , but my hosts had purchased the bottled sauce as well , so we had plenty to savor it up .
this bbq sauce was thick and tomato-y , with a hint of molasses and spices .
all said , a delicious meal .

1
do not go into the bathroom .
i repeat , do not go into the bathroom .
( there are likely rest stops nicer ) .
do go however for awesome pizza and calzones .
they take pino 's pizza ( 3rd and central ) and kick their ass .
it is homemade , the crust pops and sizzles .
the marinara served on the side could use a little more oomph , but the slice .
the slice is a thing of beauty .
oh and a slice will cost you $ 2.22 .
another thing of beauty .
ignore the fact that it is a dive , or revel in the fact that it is a dive .
but keep this neighborhood place in the rotation .
there are n't enough mom and pop places out there that we can support .
it 's sandwiched between a zoyo and a paradise bakery for cripe 's sake .

1
i love the gyros here .
they pile on the meat .
great service as well ... not going to lie , do n't get the baklava it was not good .
i have had a couple salads as well and they were very tasty !

1
love , love , love the beer selection !
i also really appreciate the fact that they take the time to create a beer menu with so much more detail than just the name .
you can see what style , the brewer and even the alcohol content of each beer before ordering .
we popped in on the 4th of july to grab a bite and a drink .
the pub pretzels were soft , and the mustard and cheese were a perfect compliment to the san tan epicenter i was drinking .
the chicken tenders were breaded and had that nice crunch , and with the addition of the honey hot wing sauce , were a real treat .
despite being busy , and apparently low on staff , our service was fast and very friendly .
misters kept the patio area pleasant , and we were able to hear the fireworks , even if we could n't see them .

1
honestly , i enjoyed this place more than i expected to .
tasted less like fast food and more like food .
i 'd put it on par with chipotle for taste vs fast foodishness .
is that a word ?
the comparisons to paradise bakery are spot on , but each one has their niche .
i liked that there were essentially make your own salads available , and everything in the salad area looked fresh and yummy .
the half soup + sandwich combo was great , but too much food for me .
i would love if they did half a soup and half a sandwich .
oh , and the meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry on the side .
i had what was essentially a grown up grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup , and it was really good .
the tomato soup came with orzo , but it was a tiny scoop of it and the orzo did n't add much so i 'm kind of glad i did n't pay extra for it as an add-on .

1
this place is so flippin ' cute !
i 'm having a hard coming to terms with the fact that a place with such personality is located in suburbia !
the open , farm-like , garden landscaping makes for a magnificent morning sitting on the patio and the decor has a lot of style and character .
my boyfriend and i both enjoyed the flavor of our lattes drinks , even though they could have been made hotter .
the pumpkin spice is waaay better than starbuck 's version !
the pastry case was beautiful and filled with cupcakes ( many vegan ) , but our cupcake did not taste as beautiful as it looked .
the icing tasted like cheap , sugary safeway icing and the lemon cake was artificial tasting .
the cupcake was a bit of a letdown since the baker/owner/whatever has signs all over the place exclaiming `` omg !
i won a cupcake tv show ! ``
i wish it was n't out in the boonies , i would love to hang out at this place more often .

1
my parents are in from out of town and after we trekked our way up and back pinnacle peak , we decided to reward ourselves with burgers .
having taken them to indulge burger the last time they were here , cold beer and cheeseburgers had something to live up to .
they definitely came through for us .
we had the grilled asparagus appetizer along with the soft pretzel ( what ?
we just got done hiking and you can eat anything after you work out , fyi ) and both were very good .
the asparagus was cooked perfectly and well seasoned .
the pretzel was soft , hot and salted well , but not too much .
i had the juicy lucy burger , which was medium rare just like i requested .
melty cheese in the middle with a side of tots ( they even offer tot-chos , the decadant tater tot/nachos which was one thing we actually didnt try ) , it was amazing .
my mom had a veggie burger which had great flavor , and the sweet tots which are sweet potato tots , which i had never had and were quite good .
my dad 's burger was also cooked to his liking , with lots of luscious onion rings on the side .
they have a selection of hot dogs also , and a build your own macaroni and cheese option also .
yum .
there was also something about homemade chips with buffalo sauce and blue cheese that i 'll try after my next mountain .
staff was friendly and prompt .
great bottled beer selection including my favorite : bell 's two hearted ale and of course , sierra nevada .

1
awesome meats awesome staff !
will return !

1
we each had a different soup so we could both have a taste of two soups , the asian mushroom was excellent .
the broccoli was really good the only negative thing , ( and we dide n't ask ) is we could have used a little more bread .
the cup was a good serving for one .
the dessert was yummy .
it 's a fun atmosphere good service a nice break from the usual lunch .
p & c

1
this place is amazing ! !
just the people that work here are always half asleep .
not energetic at all .
i love the wheatgrass shots , seriously i always need to drink the 2 oz shot when i eat unhealthy or when i 'm hungover .
a great fast way to detox .
i love to get anything that has an anti-oxidant .
i also like to get the turkey sausage and egg breakfast wrap .
one thing is that this place usually is never busy so they 're fast !
over all if the employees were to be a bit more bubbly i would give this place 5 stars .

1
if you are looking for a crowd older than 30 in old towns this is your place .
it 's a bit more sophisticated than most bars in old town with less of a `` meat head `` feel .
the women definitely had more clothes on than you would normally see in a bar in old town .
= ) i would say more of a nyc feel to it .
also for anyone in their 30 's / 40 's this will be more your scene .
i got the feeling the people who frequented this bar actually had real jobs and worked in respectable businesses .
i am going to have to disagree with a previous review stating their moscow mule was good .
the cup it came in was cheap and did n't keep the drink cold like its intended purpose , but above all else it did n't taste good either .
if you want a real moscow mule go to t. cooks at the royal palms .
i only had drinks at the bar so i ca n't talk about food .
to sum it all up , if you are looking for more classy and less trashy this might be the place for you .

1
mosaic was such a pleasant surprise !
you know that sinking feeling you get when you walk into an expensive restaurant only to find pounding music and a crowd more worried about style than substance ?
that 's what i was expecting when my husband told me we were going to some ` fancy ' place in `` scottsdale . ``
but i was totally wrong .
this beautiful restaurant , surrounded by the desert and pinnacle peak , was quiet , romantic -- and yet laid-back .
first , let 's start off with the wine list .
it was enormous , containing wines from well-known wineries , as well as from smaller ones .
it notes wines that are organic or grown using sustainable agriculture , etc . .
in addition to meat and fish entrees , the menu offers a wonderful vegetarian dish for each course , which included choices like a potato , saffron and parsnip soup and a salad that had fennel , endive and olives .
for our main course , my husband had some entree of kangaroo loin and ostrich .
while i , personally , could n't really stomach the thought of him eating a kangaroo , he said it was delicious .
i was surprised to see they actually had a tofu dish as an entree , complete with barley , gourmet mushrooms , veggies and a great sauce .
did i feel lame paying nearly $ 20 for a tofu dish ?
yes .
but was i pleased to see the chef was considerate enough to remember vegetarians ?
yes .
for dessert , we shared a citrus-almond cake .
it was delicious .
absolutely delicious .
i 'd highly recommend this place .
it 's pricey , but with it 's slow-food focus and its creative meals , it 's one of those rare places that you feel is actually worth it .
also , the food was very healthy , and we left without feeling uncomfortably stuffed .

1
malee 's has awesome thai food , and the drinks are just as amazing !
i just heard about this place recently , so last night , my boyfriend and i decided to try it out .
for my drink , i ordered a painkiller , which was delicious and went down way too easy .
the blend of light and dark rum was perfect .
( needless to say , i ended up ordering a second . )
we ordered the touch of thai appetizer so that we could try out several different things .
the best thing was the chicken satay , and a close second was the crab rangoons .
the plate came with a slew of dipping sauces , which were all explained in great detail by our server .
( the entire staff was very attentive ... one of the best experiences i 've ever had ! )
for my meal , i ordered the shrimp in a clay pot ( a seasonal dish ) , which came with glass noodles .
it was very good , but i think next time , i 'll try something a bit more flavorful .
my boyfriend got the drunken dragon noodles and loved them !
i like the fact that their menu offers `` small plates `` of several dishes , which is nice when you want to have an appetizer along with your main dish .
overall , malee 's is a great ( not cheap , but not too pricey ) thai place in old town scottsdale !

1
finally ... pizza in phoenix that has good crust !
best pizza i 've had in phoenix for quite some time .
they make the pasta for the ravioli and lasagna in house .
good sauce .
good meatballs .
innovative take on brushetta .
experienced staff .
they will have a full bar available by the end of november .
i look forward to exploring the menu .
.
worth a try .

1
ok .
you know you should have eaten before shopping when you enter a dog bakery and it smells so good you want to graze on the biscuits .
seriously .
and had they served milk i probably would have sneaked one of the oatmeal apple treats .
this bakery also has couture for all types of our canine comrades .
my fave would have to be the hyper pink number that says daddy 's little bitch .
arf .
arf .
arf .
arf ... that 's our schnauzer emilie piping in with her version of four stars !

1
honestly , i do n't care for the ambience of this place at all .
it 's always way too noisy , i can barely have a conversation .
but my 4 star rating is based solely on their happy hour sushi prices .
i seriously can not find a place with cheaper sushi prices during happy hour .
and you know what ?
their sushi is pretty damn good .
not the best , but i like it .
the las vegas roll is very yummy .
always comes out nice and toasty !
if you 're a sushi lover like me , this is the place to go for happy hour .
you simply ca n't beat $ 4 for a lv roll anywhere .
service is quick and the staff is always friendly .
if you can ignore the loud music and typical scottsdale crowd , you 'll love it .

1
my son told us about this place and what a wonderful treat this was .
we live in tucson but go to phoenix quite frequently because our son lives there so we try new restaurants there as well .
this place has an unusual twist as it is certainly mexican but with the greek influence .
my first impression when we walked in was it seemed clean , warm and extremely friendly .
the service was super .
three people and three bowls of chips and yummy salsa for each of us .
the chips were warm and obviously home made .
the menu is outstanding and interesting choices .
i had the carne asada which had a hint of lemon and gave it the flavor of a gyro .
my hubby ordered eggplant enchilladas and he loved it .
good prices , great service , and best of all cheap margaritas .
$ 1.75 all day any time .
a little weak but that was ok .
i 'll certainly return to try more of the offerings .

1
it is very good .
great flavors of yogurt that change daily .
the toppings are amazing ! !
the brownies are probably the best brownies i have ever tasted .
the only down side is that it is pretty pricey ! !
like for two people expect to pay around $ 10

1
located in a strip mall , this is a hidden gem .
nipha and staff cook up some amazingly authentic thai food .
the staff has always made me feel welcome , and it is , by far , the best thai food in the area .
thai taste ?
thai elephant ?
hells no !
unless you want that americanized international food taste -- overpowering servings of sugar to make food more of a dessert .
add enough plum or hoisin sauce ?
whatever ... if you swear by the pad thai at grandy 's ( i 'm being facetious here ) , you probably wo n't like it here , or in someplace , say , like thailand ( now i 'm just being mean ) .
my favorite dish is the silver noodles with chicken .
i even have my own hotness level , `` toshi hot . ``
it 's above thai hot , but below super thai hot .
about 2-3 minutes after i finish eating this dish , water starts running down the top of my head .
i did have super thai hot one time .
nipha made it for me .
i had to go to the bathroom to get a bunch of paper towels to mop up all of the sweat dripping from my head and the back of my neck .
think of the movie `` airplane . ``
gross ?
yes .
it 's nuts .
no .
i 'm not making it up .
i have witnesses .
completely and utterly delicious , but completely and utterly nuts .
that being said , the texture and taste of the noodles are amazing .
and i particularly love the addition of the eggs and mushrooms .
if you want to experience some true thai food , check this place out .
and , maybe even experience some authentic papaya salad .

1
almost all of my shopping is done here .
they have `` double ad day `` on wednesdays , where last week 's sales overlap with the current sales .
their prices are very reasonable to begin with .
much cheaper than whole foods and even trader joe 's , which i never go to any more .
the produce section here is great , everything is always fresh .
they even have bulk salad and baby spinach .
speaking of bulk , they have a very wide selection including granolas , nuts , candy , snacks , dried fruit , etc . .
they also have a good selection of meat , including bison .
at the store in albuquerque they even had ostrich meat in the freezer , but i have n't looked for it here .
depending on your habits , this may or may not be one stop shopping .
if you 're really dedicated to your crest toothpaste and fritos , you should go elsewhere .
chances are they have what you need , but with less synthetic ingredients .
by the way , i think `` seventh generation `` is a really terrible name for toilet paper .
i 've only had one bad experience here .
i went on a tuesday and they were out of literally about a third of what i needed .
some of the bread was getting moldy and the produce was looking rather .
.
saggy .
i 'll stick with wednesdays .

1
my coworkers and i go to blu a lot for lunch !
we are addicted to the food .
their burgers are so awesome !
they have a huge variety of different types of meat anything from black angus beef to bison .
the burgers are fantastic !
now for your side ... try to zucchini fries yummm !
the way blu is decorated is pretty cool , offers an interesting dining atmosphere .
the staff is always super friendly as well !
the only `` negative `` things i would say is sometimes there are not enough servers on to accommodate the busier times and the service suffers a bit .
the other staff such as the bus boys and managers do help out though .
also , it is a tiny bit pricey .
i will say that the quality of the food does make it a go to place !
i highly recommend trying blu out if you are in the mood for an awesome burger in a super cool environment .

1
this was my first time here and my boyfriends second .
we went on a thursday night and had a reservation for 6:30 we were seated immediately in the bar area .
shortly after i came back from the restroom i found out we had to move tables because of a large party that walked in .
to me , moving tables is n't a big deal especially since we just sat but they were extremely apologetic and the manager offered to buy us two appetizers and two drinks .
we ordered the mussels and the fried shrimp .
and for drinks the daisy and the sexy gin and tonic .
the mussels came out on a huge platter and looked overwhelming but it was the perfect portion .
the shrimp was my favorite .
it had a hint of sweetness to it , like they added honey or cinnamon to the recipe and the flavors complimented each other well .
the daisy was delicious and my gin and tonic was refreshing .
for our entree my boyfriend ordered the steak and i ordered the sea bass .
portion wise , his was amazing .
my bass came out and it was good but it did n't blow me away which is why i 'm giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars .
i excepted to be wowed since the dish was one of the pricer items .
and the side dish it came with had me questioning what exactly i was eating .
our server was very nice through out the meal and everything ran smoothly .
our bill would have been $ 120 but they ended up taking off $ 50 for the inconvenience .
i would definitely come back !

1
great cafe .
i 'll be going back for sure

1
service was great !

1
love this pool hall !
i 've played in a league for several years and have had a chance to check out most other pool halls in the valley .
main street is by far the best ... clean , nice tables , and the staff is awesome ( especially jesse , wayne , jason , and jen ) .
the only improvements i could suggest would be to expand their menu , but it definitely covers the basics ( chicken strips , pizza rolls , fries , etc ) .
the new tv 's are a great addition .

1
fan-freakin ' - tastic !
yes , it 's a great steakhouse ... but they also have a great wine selection ... and great bread to start ... and great desserts ... and great service .
rich and richie took exceptional care of us .
they were attentive and fun to talk to ... too .
i had the prime rib and it was huge and perfectly prepared .
i ended up taking the rest home and having it for lunch the next day and it was just as good the following day .
: ) the bread to start came with 2 different flavored butters .
you could easily fill up on bread before dinner ... so go easy on this as they will keep bringing out refills if you let them .
the dessert ... we got the chocolate lava cake ... and the cake part was good ... but the sides that came with the cake ... they were amazing .
the chantilly cream they serve on the side of the cake is freshly made and it 's a little pillow of heaven .
rich brought us more when we ate all the cream and still had cake left .
and then they have a little homemade pistachio cookie with vanilla ice cream on the side too ... these were great too ... so , net , net ... i would n't order the chocolate lava cake for the cake part ... i 'd order it for the things that come with the cake .
: ) good for special occassions and if you are looking to have a lovely evening out .

1
i have been here a few times , but mainly at dinner .
dinner has always been great , great waiters and staff , with a lcd tv playing almost famous famous bolywood movies .
lol it cracks me up when they dance ... lol ... anyhow , great vegetarian choices for people who eat there veggies , but trust me , i am a meat eater , chicekn tika masala , little dry but still good .
my favorite is there palak paneer .
great for the vegetarian .
i have also tried there lunch buffet for 11.00 .
i give a thumbs up .
.
good , serve yourself , and pig out ! ! ! ! ! !

1
this place is a little hard to find , it 's way in the back of the gilbert towne center .
i ended up here because i had a fandango gift card and only a couple movie theaters in the area allow online purchasing with it .
that gives them the fourth star ; ) i was early for my movie and you could clearly hear the movie playing in the theater right next to it , i was concerned it would be distracting once my movie started , but it was a non issue .
the seats are as comfy , come with cupholders and from the inside looks like every other theater i 've been to recently .
the only drawback here is the last movie of the day is around 7pm .
at least that 's true on the current schedule .
i came here for a matinee and it was almost empty - i 'll follow the other reviewers notes and not come on a fri/sat night .

1
this is probably my favorite rubios location for really one main reason .
the 2 girls/ladies ( sorry ) that work here during the lunch hour .
these ladies have made it a point to remember the regulars and always be the most pleasant people around !
they always greet me by name and ask how things are and they even remember what i usually order , which is way impressive !
i grew up in san diego going to the first rubios ever on the sdsu campus , i remember when i was a young kid and i hated when my parents took me to rubio 's .
now i love their fish tacos !

1
this is a very tasty and classy restaurant .
the food had great presentation and tasted great as well .
with wine the bill was over $ 100 for the two of us , but we do feel that it was well spent .
the gnocchi was to die for , yummy !

1
i used to live in scottsdale , but farther north , so i shopped at the trade joe 's on frank lloyd wright .
it was pretty new , in a newer big block mall , near inn n out burger , red fish , and the promenade center .
this trader joe 's is farther south , between mcdonald and lincoln , next to the borgata shopping center and across from the hilton village .
it has double entry ramps going up gently from either side to a middle entry door , which is great for those on mobility scooters or wheelchairs .
the selection is pretty typical of most tj 's , with nothing notably different or missing .
i got a large bag of pistachios ( salted , in shell ) for $ 5.29 , and a very green juice drink for $ 2.29 .
pretty good selection of wine here than most tjs .
lots of room for parking .

1
very friendly sushi chef and very quick staff .
they have a half price sushi menu if you order more than five pieces .
my brother and i ordered at least ten , and it was excellent .
they kept my beer full and the crowd there was obvious regulars .

1
finally ... finally i managed to visit d'licious dishes !
after years of traveling past it and telling myself , `` i need to go in there , `` i managed to get my lazy butt there and give it a try .
and , oh boy , it lived up to what everyone has been saying .
the customer service was spectacular and the food just as amazing .
the first thing i saw when i entered was their dessert case .
i was dying just looking at the scrumptious offerings .
i desperately wanted to get some goodies , but i was being good and was going to go the `` as-healthy-as-i-can `` route .
i was greeted by the owner , i think , who asked me if this was my first time visiting .
when i said yes , she proceeded to explain what they offered , the pricing and the specials they had for the day .
i placed my order for the turkey pita , and while waiting for them to prepare it , i looked around the tiny store .
i starred longingly at the dishes in the display case , thinking about what i would want for my next visit .
after a few minutes , the order was ready , i paid and i was on my way .
it initially seemed a little pricey for a sandwich , but the more i thought about it , i realized i pay almost the same thing for a sandwich at paradise bakery , but this sandwich was beyond comparison to those .
it was made-to-order and made from love ( i like to think , anyway ) !
that 's priceless , is n't it ? !
i 'm so glad i finally decided to check out d'licious dishes .
i definitely wo n't be waiting for long before i come back to try more of their selections .
and , the next time , i wo n't be so good -- i 'm getting a dessert with my meal no matter what !

1
there are a lot of savoury and sweet filled crepes to choose from in this little crãªperie .
the nutella filled sweet crepe is definitely the star .
the crepe batter misses the mark a little bit but overall it 's pretty good .
i went on two different occasions because i could n't believe how comforting and fun my first visit was .
as soon as you walk into their place you feel like you 're at your friend 's parent 's house .
there 's a lot of love in this family run cafã© that is worth visiting .
definitely a great place for free wi-fi and for great conversations .

1
we have become big fans of this place and our experience with them during restaurant week totally sealed the deal .
we had the flank steak in marsala sauce .
my dining partner nearly licked the plate it was so delicious .
the potato croquet that accompanied it was also totally yummy -- crispy on the outside and fluffy and cheesy on the inside .
service has been great every time we 've been there , prompt and attentive but not intrusive .
the burgers are always lovely , juicy and done as requested -- a perfect pink medium rare -- and the fries are addictive .
monday night is bargain burger night and a complete steal .
love this place !
a great addition to the moon valley neighborhood .
the owner has been in the house every time we 've been here and he always checks in to make sure we 're enjoying our meal .
when they first opened , the fries were not included with the burger entrees , but they have since remedied that , which was a really good decision .

1
the atmosphere is awesome : open setting with great music .
service was impeccable ... like really , our waitress and the bartender were some of the best i 've ever had .
they were very helpful and gave great suggestions .
our table ordered a variety of 3oz burgers ( beef , short rib , ahi tuna , buffalo ) they were all very good - one minor problem tho , the buns were pretty dry .
we also ordered a caprese salad , green beans , loaded tots , shoe string fries and wings .
almost all got a great review - and the sides added a great spicy kick .
the only thing that no one loved was the wings .
this place is awesome for burgers - but the wings are eh .
all in all a solid place for a burger .

1
i work on mill ave. and enjoy a lunch at the in season deli at least once a week .
i enjoy their greens salad with sprouts and a healthy heaping spoonful of chicken salad on top .
i ca n't say that i 've ever had a better chicken salad .
the grapes give it a sweetness and there is also a nuttiness to it that i ca n't quite place .
i also enjoy the rice pilaf and curry rice there on occasion .
as the temperature heats up in the valley , the in season deli is a nice light deterrent from some of the other the very heavy greasy food choices on mill .
the chips , which are free by the way , are n't particularly amazing , but the salsa that comes with them is !
the staff is super friendly and i enjoy eating there .

1
great time for dinner with friends .
4 of the 6 of us ate sushi .
everything tasted fresh and it was presented well .
the server did n't hear my wife order her entree and thought she just wanted a dinner salad .
but he made it right .
we 'll be back .

1
http : //stevelerer.com/2012/10/29/review-tuck-shop/ in phoenix we decided to go a bit off the path and check out the tuck shop .
this restaurant is located in outside neighborhood of phoenix and we definitely were a little confused when driving down blocks of homes .
the tuck shop just sort of pops up on you and looks like it could be a large home .
but do n't let outside appearances fool you , the inside was cool and sleek and the food was no joke .
i was there with three other people and so we were able to try a bunch of appetizers .
our waiter was the type i always hope for , friendly and with great depth of knowledge of all the dishes on the menu .
based on his recommendations we ordered the cheese curds , the grilled baguette with roasted garlic , the roasted brussel sprouts , and the piece de resistance the stuffed medjool dates .
all of these appetizers were awesome !
the baguette literally came with an entire garlic bulb in olive oil and was incredible .
the garlic was roasted to perfection and spread like butter over the toasted bread .
the brussel sprouts were also really delicious , they were lightly charred and caramelized with a delicious white wine and mustard glaze .
the nice addition were the crushed almonds , they brought additional crunch and texture to the dish .
without a doubt though , the best appetizer was the recommended dish from best food ever on the travel channel .
the stuffed medjool dates were filled with a combination of chorizo and gruyere chesse and cooked to a sweet finish .
the sweetness of the date was balanced by the spicy chorizo and the cheese made the entire dish creamy and long lasting on the palette .
these dates were the best things i ate that night and possibly the best dish i have tried in phoenix to date .
after our appetizers i moved on to my dinner order .
unfortunately , they did not have the recommended fontina stuffed meatloaf so i went with two other options .
first , the times mac & cheese with crispy prosciutto , breadcrumbs , and oh yeah , the up-charge of $ 4 for some lobstah !
not just lobster , lobstah ... hipsters .
the mac and cheese was creamy with al dente pasta .
the prosciutto added the needed salt to the dish and well , yeah there was lobster .
cooked well and really tasty but i 'm not entirely sure i 'm sold on the combo .
i know that the trend is out there to make this down home dish high class but i think you can make it decadent without adding lobster .
but this is coming from the guy who had a caviar mix-in for his mashed potato bar at his wedding , so who am i to judge .
my last dish was the big recommendation from our waiter , the pine az skirt steak .
those who know me well know that i am a sucker for shirts steak and mashed potatoes .
skirt steak was one of my favorite mom cooked dishes so i am a good judge .
this steak was rubbed with a dry rub and then cooked in its own juices .
it arrived super tender to the point where a knife was almost unneeded .
topping the steak were sauteed mushrooms that added a nice earthiness to the dish .
along side the steak were creamy parmesan mashed potatoes which added some needed salt to the entree .
each individual piece of this dish worked well individually and combined and i was more then happy to try them each way .
this was a great recommendation by our server and even though i had so much before it , i had no problem cleaning my plate .
the tuck shop was a great choice for our dinner that night even if it was a bit of a trek from our hotel .
next time i am in phoenix i will go back again and i recommend that you check it out too .
great service , nice decor , and good food made for a memorable dinner .
overall review : 7/10

1
still going strong after all these years and rightly so , thai lana rocks it every time .
great food , fast courteous service , and mom-and-pop ambiance .
you really ca n't go wrong with any of the food here , but i especially love all of their curry dishes .

1
best omelet ever .
the o'pear grenache omelet was incredible , i tasted my companions and was immediately regretting my choice of french toast .
the french toast was really good , but did n't compare to that omelet .
the service was incredible .
the place was absolutely packed , but my table of two never lacked for attention .
what we did lack was space !
the table we were at was tiny , our meals and drinks barely fit on the table .
the restaurant itself is not large , it is actually quite cramped .
do n't go here if you are bothered by crowds and cramped quarters .
it 's also quite loud on weekends , conversation was difficult .
we went on a saturday around 10am .
we managed to get a table immediately , but it looked like most others had about a 15 minute wait .

1
roka akor came to me from one of my great friends .
.
when i was searching for a trendy , up place to have my best friends going away party ... it didnt ( nor did he ! )
, let us down .
the staff was very helpful & friendly in making sure all the details were panned out for our small -- ish party of 15 .
.
sample tasting menus were sent to me directly ... and despite the fact that we decided we would order off menu .
.
im going back just to have a sample tasting menu .
.
roka is decorated in a beautiful way .
.
its atmosphere is sweet with the cool vibe : - ) pre-dinner drinks .
.
we had it all .
.
saketinis .
.
yum .
.
sake .
.
i got a couple .
.
one hot , then one chilled .
.
shochu .
.
( not my fav ) , but had to try the infused flavored shochus .
.
appetizers .
.
i had the butterfish tataki w/asparagus .
.
loved it .
.
could have ordered more as my meal .
.
my friends had salads , etc . .
note , salads are huge for a starter salad !
main course .
.
we had toro , various sashimi , and various sushi rolls , and robatas .
.
being from the bay area , im pretty picky with my sushi/sashimi .
.
and i was pretty impressed : - ) next time .
.
im personally going to add a robata of kobe beef : - ) but wont do the sweet shrimp sashimi nor the eel roll .
.
that actually let me down .
.
as well as most of our other party who tested it .
.
staff was awesome , attentive and very detailed ... if you have a question regarding the food or drinks .
.
our waiter had answers on preparation and suggested to our personal liking .
be prepared .
.
the bill wont come with your budget in mind ... its def pricey , but worth it .
.
tip : have a res on weekend nights for sure ... : - )

1
let me start saying that the place is great .
nice setting , great bar , pretty spacious , private dining room for parties ... service was pretty good too .
the food was above ok but not memorable .
the `` food network `` pizza was oily but tasted ok .
the other pizza ( with several ingredients ) was better .
i like that the servings are fair but not massive .
my only 3 concerns were that when we got in there was a smell that i could n't figure out what it was but it was close to a smelly rag .
the men 's room was n't clean ( not a wreck but not clean ) and the ac could freeze an eskimo .
nice addition to the area .

1
this place is wild !
i was looking for a way to entertain an out-of-town guest on halloween and found a mention of this place on a website .
it 's a pretty easy drive from the east valley , and we did n't have any trouble finding it .
$ 10 cash gives you a guided tour and then time to explore on your own .
we had 2 tour guides on our tour .
the first was a young woman with the most grating and unpleasant voice i 've ever heard in a guide , though she seemed knowledgeable enough .
the second was an older woman who said she had worked there alongside the family for many years , and she was wonderful !
took plenty of time to answer questions along the way .
afterwards we drove up to the top of south mountain , where you can see the castle from above !

1
i love carly 's .
it 's got that lived in feel .
lots of rad faces every time you step in .
great eats , wonderful brew selection .
usually kickin live jams .
what could be better ?
oh and the staff is so hospitable .
the food is damn good too .
i love the olive app , greek salad , all of the sandwiches , but especially the proscuitto and the pear .
and carly 's has a really good kids menu ... another good sunday afternoon spot .

1
big crowds arrived to scoop up big bargains once homegoods ' most recent offering made its debut in phoenix .
located in the same strip mall as sister store , tj maxx , this facility ( once occupied by borders ) is recently remodeled , clean and attractive .
you 'll find all the usual suspects : kitchen , bed , bath , living and garden accessories .
bring your pick-up truck .
once you begin to meander around , you 're likely to want to bring home more than what 's on your shopping list !

1
chihuly chihuly chihuly .
visited dbg for the first time for the chihuly event `` agave on the rocks `` and for 75 a person the event was done beautifully .
well worth it .
drinks were good , food was mediocre , but the atmosphere is what made the event .
not too yuppy but still with plenty of trendy .
the art is spectacular and it looks like the desert took acid and smoked a couple of joints .
the area is large with lots to explore .
def a must-see .

1
i do n't know how else to describe carmel 's other than absolutely charming .
great little spot to chat over brunch and a latte - fair prices on great menu options and a cute homey space with an outside garden patio .
very pleased .

1
its so good !
we got the supreme equivalent and the veggies lost a lot of water and made the center very soggy .
despite this , we enjoyed the pizza very much - the crust is crisp and chewy , there 's just the right amount of sauce that does n't taste weird , and there is plenty of cheese and topping .
this would definitely be our go to pizza place if it was near our house .
next time we 'll probably go with just dryer veggies like mushroom or olive .
other than that , its non-fou-fou , non organic , straight up old school pizza for movie night .

1
from the moment you walk in the door you are aware you are in the ` ultimate of cool ' hot spot of the moment .
four girls in super tight black outfits and 5 `` heels greet you as they did on opening night .
we were followed in by a fellow with a partially shaved head with spaced ` poodle ' balls of hair and no one seemed to notice .
note : they need a little grammar lesson ; the girl asked us `` are you ready to be sat ? ``
before dinner we had a cocktail at their fabulous bar ; our bartender chris was absolutely the best !
i inquired about their ` infused ' vodkas , and since he could tell we were interested , were told they make them on premises and then told us the entire process , and gave us some tastes .
he took the time to make our drinks meaningful !
the very berry vodka martini was delicious !
as usual , the ` cool ' element is accompanied by a noise level which had the 3 of us screaming across the table , coupled with sitting near the kitchen .
those guys were on fire back there , sounding like they just delivered karate chops instead of entrees .
the menu is initially confusing , as all plates just list 2 or 3 of the ingredients , accompanied by a ` plus ' sign .
but let me say , the food is absolutely delicious and we loved every bite !
we had tim as our waiter and he was also the best !
- patient , friendly , knowledgeable , just a sweetheart !
we had 3 salads and 3 entrees but next time we 'll be more adventurous with the small plates .
swordfish with drunken cherries was a ' 10 ' as were the briussel sprouts .
brian malarkey is a hard-working genius of cuisine and restaurant concepts .
we have eaten at burlap , gabardine , and herringbone , 3 of his restaurants in san diego , many times , and it 's always an entertaining atmosphere , coupled with good food !

1
awesome place .
great service , superb food , and fun drinks .
what more could you ask for ?

1
this was my first time here since they expanded .
the food was great as always and the service first rate , but now you can actually find a seat .
they 've done a great job on the expansion .
they still maintained the old section but now have an additional bar section and large seating area on the other side .
it 's dark inside and the music is cranking , great atmosphere in my opinion .
if you have n't been there in a while it 's worth checking out again .
a great location for happy hour as well .
i would go back just for the sonoran white chocolate ale .

1
i have never wanted to give a 5 star rating as much as i want to give richardson 's one ... and despite the most amazing food i have ever tasted .
.
i can not give you 5 , richardson 's , because the bartender/server left a lot to be desired .
maybe if we had sat at a table versus the bar , it would have been different , but it was n't , so i have to yelp accordingly .
i will admit , the temperature was perfect , the ambiance was great , the bathrooms had those thick towel/paper towel hybrids and i had outstanding company , but boy oh boy .
.
the bartender had quite the stick up his behind .
anyway , um ... the huevos rancheros with red sauce .
.
eggs scrambled .
.
was literally the best thing i have ever eaten in all my life .
i literally wanted to sit there and digest fully so that i could eat it again .
i must say that the best part about this place is the menu .
.
and how it specifically states `` high chairs and booster seets will not be provided . ``
yes , that 's right , this place is not kid friendly , which is fine by me !
this place rules .
the food rules .
i will be back , and hopefully said bartender will have removed the stick and i can update with 5 stars : )

1
how can you get made at a store who 's only purpose in life is to provide toys to kids ? !
i remember spending hours in a toys r us as a kid .
i would wait until a special occasion when my parents let me wonder the aisles and pick out a small toy .
the store was like an everyday disneyland .
fast forward several years and unfortunately , when becoming an adult , some of toys r us magic disappeared with my childhood , but i can still appreciate this store for children .
however most importantly is the fact that this store has been my saving grace when it comes to buying gifts for my two nephews .
toys r us has every toy imaginable and at very competitive prices .
i especially love that they have a card and gift wrapping aisle where you can grab tissue paper , bags and wrapping paper before leaving .
it 's a great one stop shop .

1
ever wonder what would happen if a nice mexican girl and a nice chinese boy got married and opened a restaurant ?
chino bandido is a place that is a great idea and pretty darn good !
so here is the rub : it is mexican food with chinese influences .
the one that got me in the door `` general tso 's chicken burrito `` .
think about it .
think about it ... gotcha .
something you definitely want to try .
as a newbie , the super nice woman behind the counter let me taste a bunch of different meats before i had to decide .
the emerald chicken , which everyone seems to like , is quite good .
probably the most chinese style meat there .
it is like chimichurra or a salty , green onion sliced chicken .
i ca n't decide which .
however , i am delighted to say i stayed for the general tso 's chicken burrito .
they call it jade red chicken .
get it in a burrito .
get it in a quesadilla .
get it over rice .
get it in a large pile .
just get it .
great stuff .
( see menu : http : //www.chinobandido.com/ordermenu.html ) now , this is not authentic anything .
this is a perfectly nice family pushing a cool , original fusion style of cooking .
if for no other reason , that is worth checking out .
but even better - the food is good .
enjoy it !
... and just one second .
i almost forgot to mention the 2nd tastiest , most random thing you would expect from a place like this : snickerdoodles .
yes , the sugary , cinnamon swirled cookies .
not sure why they do it , but this place has excellent snickerdoodles .
go for those too .
and hey , say hi to the panda with the sombrero for me : http : //www.chinobandido.com/images/the % 20three % 20bears.jpg

1
i went here with my mom while my dad had a dinner meeting .
the atmosphere is hip but it 's also got a mature setting .
it is a really great place for young adults and even older ones .
the price was good , the food was amazing !
the portions were also big and most the staff was friendly .
i overheard two rude staff members making fun of the customers .
however they might not even work there anymore .
great place !

1
great service and our food was delicious , i had the buffalo steak and it was prepared to perfection the atmosphere inside was wonderful once you get past the ` strip mall ' entrance

1
the service and hosts are super-friendly .
i came here with friends and it seemed like they have many regulars since the host and waitresses knew customers by name or remembered something about them = good sign !
the prices were a bit more than what i expected - around $ 7.50 - $ 8.50 for a regular or specialty pho .
i am originally from san diego - this place is decent .
the broth isnt as aromatic for what i am used to but pretty good for mesa !
the bowls come out big but have a lot of soup rather noodles .
they are generous with their beansprouts & basil .
its conveniently located in mekong plaza so you can do grocery shopping before or after .

1
professional and very quick turnaround .
higher attention to detail than usual .
i will be going back in the future .

1
i went to carefree station for the first time and had brunch .
i absolutely loved the atmosphere , especially the outside tables which were very romantic .
it was way too hot out to sit outside though so we sat inside , which was pleasant as well .
the wait staff is extremely attentive .
we were seated with menus , and asked what we would like to drink within 1 minute of arriving .
the menu is very eclectic , with fancy brunch options such as crab benedict , and stuffed french toast with strawberry cream cheese .
i went for the crepes filled with mascarpone and ricotta cheese , covered in the cobbler for the day ( peach ) .
dee-licious .
not to mention the complimentary champagne that gets re-filled when you 're done .
( nice touch ! )
my boyfriend had the breakfast burrito , which came with refried beans and potatoes .
of course , i had to sample his meal , and let me tell you ... those potatoes were perfect .
just the right temperature so that i did n't scar the roof of my mouth ; seasoned perfectly , and not too hard , not too soft .
his burrito was good , but i was n't in the mood for something so heavy so it did n't wow me .
i am definitely going back to try the crab benedict , and enjoy some more champagne .
this place has managed to jump on my list of regular joints in one try .

1
the keg is definitely one of my favorite chain steak joints around the valley .
always done the way you want it !
i went during restaurant week so the price was n't bad at all .
regardless , i did n't think the price of their meals were too expensive for steaks and lobsters .
the pecan goat cheese sirloin was awesome !
service is always good here .
they generally have several very attractive hostesses seating you and then your wait staff is always well dressed and attentive .
they do well with large groups !
the ambience is rustic with a steakhouse look and feel .
not old fashion by any means , but like a maze while walking around .
- enjoy !

1
more salsa , more !
is what i wanted , and this is why i brought 2 more coworkers here today for lunch .
this time i was smart and park on the side of the building making it much easier to get in and out .
we arrived just in time a line quickly formed behind us .
ordering took some time as there was someone who was new and quite flustered at the whole process .
today i tried the veggie tacos .
as with all of their tacos they came as two corn tortillas .
inside was a small amount of grilled vegetables including mushrooms peppers .
the items were very well grilled which i liked but it may be a bit too much for most .
the tacos were quite small but to enlarge my meal i only ate the inside tortilla , and then made a salsa , jamaica , bean and rice burrito with my outer tortilla .
the chips today were much much better ; however they were a bit salty .
today there were a few new salsa items , including a sautã©ed onions and pepper chutney that was great .
the salsa bar itself seemed to be a bit neglected in the lunch rush with many of the trays sitting empty and many of the little signs missing the salsa that should have been under it .
it was nice to have the fresh crunch of the jamaica at the salsa bar .
one of my co workers loved his mayan tacos , and had a lot of fun with the salsa selection .
another coworkers mole ` tacos were not her favorite , considering she is from mexico i will take her word for it .
the storefront became notably small as the tables were filled and we all kept bumping into one another 's chairs .
will i be back ?
yes .
am i in a rush to go back ?
not really the salsa bar gets it the stars as the price is a bit steep .

1
after eating here i am now on a quest to find a mexican restaurant that is just as good & authentic in nyc .
they give you two different types of salsa with your chips & the salsa is incredibly fresh .
i got the a la carte chicken empanada , fish taco & green corn tamale .
i really enjoyed the juicy & natural flavors of the chicken ... i 've never had chicken empanada this good before .
the green sauce on top was just enough to add some flavor without overpowering the dish .
i got the fish taco on a soft tortilla rather than a hard shell & it was really delicious .
the tamale was what i would 've expected out of a tamale ... nothing too exciting about it but it was still good .
the place was very packed & since the restaurant is a little ways from the main road in old town i suspect that it was mostly locals in there ( we were visiting from out of town ) .
the restaurant was much larger on the inside than i expected so we got seated relatively quickly ... and the host seemed like he had a blast working there !
service was good & we never felt rushed .
i really miss this place .

1
i 've been taking my kids to el pollo supremo for years !
they love it and still go as adults .
i love the marinated onions , the homemade salsa , the flavor of the chicken is better than any other chain grilled chicken .
the cost is great and i 've always received great service when we go .

1
the china magic noodle house is down the street from my house .
since i could n't think of any other place to grab lunch today , i thought i would check out the noodle house to see what all the fuss was about .
what fuss am i referring to ?
this place was voted in the phoenix new times as one of the best places to get hand made noodles in 2010 .
i 'm not a small eater .
i make it a point to try a few things on the menu to get an idea what the place is like .
china magic noodle house offers more to customers than just noodles .
that being said , my order consisted of 2 egg rolls , 8 steamed pork dumplings , and a bowl of beef with hand pulled noodles .
to drink ?
water .
got ta keep that palette cleansed .
after placing my order and waiting for about 10 minutes , all of my menu items appeared on my table steaming hot .
the bowl consisted of sliced beef , cilantro , green onion , beef broth , and of course the hand pulled noodles .
the bowls are huge and for $ 5.75 , i was getting more than i was paying for .
not a bad thing !
the flavor of the bowl was good .
there was a little too much cilantro for my liking , but not enough for me to complain about .
so , if you are not a fan of cilantro , beware .
for me though , i like spice and i added two spoonfuls of chili oil with chili flakes to my bowl of beef and noodles .
just to ensure that i had enough spice , i added just a teaspoon of sriracha sauce to the bowl .
the broth stayed hot the entire time in the bowl and the hand stretched noodles were amazing .
you can definitely tell the difference from their noodles verse the crap you buy in the store .
you know what i am talking about !
the steamed dumplings were great as well .
they served a mildly sweet sauce with the pork dumplings .
honestly , the dumplings on their own are amazing .
all of the dumplings were about the size of a golf ball and definitely enough to fill you up .
finally , i had the egg rolls .
they were filled with pork and veggies and served with hot mustard and sweet & sour sauce .
they were the best egg rolls i have had in a long time .
my total bill for all of these items was $ 15 and some change .
i would definitely go back again .
the food was great and the front of house staff were very nice and friendly .
the china magic noodle house is tucked away in the lee lee market center on the southside of the property .
i was very pleased with my experience and even more excited they are down the street from my house .

1
this was our destination for the may smunch .
there was some mix up with our reservation but we were still able to get one of the only two tables that were expandable for a party of more than 4 .
from that point on the service and food were great .
i had a crab cakes benedict that was really good and came with fresh fruit and perfect hash browns that were made even better with a mixture of ketchup and sriracha .

1
went there the other night , had pizza and wings .
the pizza was ok-good , really not the style i like , so if i were you , reading the review , i 'd take that wiht a grain of salt .
it was large and very thin .
like 1/2 as thick as a rosati 's .
the good news is the price is much mroe reasonable than rosatis .
now to the really good news .
the wings .
very , very good , like a 14 out of 15 on my proprietary scale of wings .
would have been 15 out of 15 if they had left them in the fryer a few moments longer .
they bake the wings ahead of time , then fry them quickly to crisp them before adding a perfect , thin sauce ( not the ketchup like stuff you get at some `` wings `` palces `` .
these are , in my opinion , some of the best i 've had in phoenix .
let 's give it another shot to ensure they 're consistent ... and ask them to drop them in the frier a little longer !
the other reason i gave them 4 of 5 - and if they only did wings they 'd already have a 5/5 - was i do n't care for the happy hour policy .
i understand it , but i think they could be more accomodating .
you see , to get the hh hour pricing , you need to sit on the `` bar `` side .
however , if you are there with anyone under 21 you can only sit on the restaurant side .
while i apprecaite that i do n't want to necessarily expose kids to the bar scene , at the same time , i do n't feel i should have to pay more just for travelling with kids .
make the hh prices restaurant wide , and we 'll be good , or let us take kids into the bar area .
kona does it !

1
let me just start by saying the 4th star i 'm giving this place is based on when i used to come here ( we 're talking over 2 yrs ago ) every now and then for breakfast or lunch when i was still living in az . .
i just glanced over the menu and it pretty much looks the same , so i 'm assuming the food is just as good ( breakfast and lunch-wise ... not sure about dinner ) .
i used to love the breakfast burritos here and they used to have this fabulous lunch special i 'm not sure if they offer anymore ( $ 3.99 for half a wrap , salad or soup and a soda ! )
.
this review is mostly for saddle ranch as a bar/night club ( which is more like 3 stars ) .
as far as i 'm concerned this place is a-ok .
it 's not my favorite place to go to in scottsdale , but you can certainly do much worst .
i was just in scottsdale recently visiting family & friends and popped in here for a couple drinks on a friday night and it was pretty much just as i remembered it .
the one thing i really like about this place is that it 's big !
the patio is large , there 's a lot of seating around the bar , there 's booths , and there 's an upstairs with plenty of tables .
it 's no secret that scottsdale is full of douchebags so it 's nice to know if you 're sitting/standing near one ( or several ) there 's plenty of places within the same bar you can relocate to .
to be honest , besides the mechanical bull ( which i 've never been on ) there 's nothing about saddle ranch ( for better or for worst ) that really stands out for me and that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
the crowd is often pretty mixed ( douches , cougars , bachelorette parties , asu students , middle-aged couples having a `` night out , `` etc . .
. )
.
i ca n't think of any particular drink specials this place offers , but the vodka/soda 's i had the last time i was here were pretty strong , so that 's good !
if you 're someone who 's anti-scottsdale you probably wo n't like this place .
if you 're someone who wants the most scottsdale-like experience possible there are places more douchey than this .
if you 're in old town , like alcohol ( who does n't ? )
and does n't mind a large mix of people saddle ranch is a pretty good spot !

1
this place reminds me of visiting in mexico .
upon entering its kind of worn down and relaxed .
.
the staff smiles at you through the smoky air .
the smoke lingering is from the fajitas juices hitting mesquite charcoal as they bring them to your table .
heavenly !
now ive been here many times of the years as it 's very close to my work .
when there are vendors in town we usually take them here as a nice alternative to all the chains that they seem to prefer .
so over time ive tried many dishes here but my favorite is what 's called a pechuga .
.
breast of chicken with melted cheese served between two flour tortillas .
for me this is so good because of the trio of salsa 's they bring to you after your sat .
they make a green , a red and a pico de gallo so the pechuga is the perfect platform for all their tasty salsa 's .
the # 15 comes with the pechuga as well as 2 beef tacos .
.
the taco 's are n't served in those greasy hard shells but in fresh corn tortillas .
.
mexico city style !
another great crevice to pour loads of salsa into !
mmm !
salsa and crevice .
.
what a great combo !

1
my first visit to hanny 's was on new years eve and i have to start off saying that i did not try there food so my review is solely based off of visiting this establishment as a bar .
the interior of hanny 's is amazing .
the modern elements and atmosphere is different than any other place i have visited in phoenix .
the bar is large and central and there are plenty of places to sit , lounge , hide , or socialize .
the restrooms are upstairs , which could be troublesome as the night progresses , but thankfully they do have an elevator for those of use who are not steady on heels after a few drinks .
the service at the bar was slow , but it was busy and having good company helped me forget that i was without drink .
the long islands are strong , very strong , 2 day hang over strong - but they did the trick .
hanny 's is the type of place i would take out of town friends to show them that phoenix is a city on the rise and not just a hard rock cafe and hooters type of town .
i think that with time some of the other reviewers issues will work out and i hope that with the light rail business will continue to flourish for them .
hanny 's has potential and i am curious to return and try food .

1
i went to their new location in peoria and the barber manny was awesome .
line me up so good and cut the top perfectly .
can not complain .
finally no more super cuts

1
the owners are very nice .
they 've been here for over 10 years .
the shop is clean and they can always get me in without an appointment .
they do good work and they always remember me even after years .
the only thing i wish is that they would remove more of the dry rough skin on the heals .
i still have to do it myself at home .

1
this hotel exceeded my expectations , but i did n't have the highest expectations coming in .
i had never stayed at a sheraton before so i was n't sure exactly what to expect .
i came to phoenix tagging along on a business trip .
when we arrived at the hotel , in the downtown area , i saw it was big -- about 15-20 floors .
a lot of valet workers were in the car waiting area to take your car , or you can self-park too .
the lobby had high ceilings and contemporary tones .
the amenities ( pool , fitness area , restaurants , room service , etc ) were decent .
the district restaurant and bar located in the hotel lobby had a good buffet brunch ; i also had a good lunch there another day .
i noticed another night live entertainment was going on in there .
overall i was very pleased with the hotel lobby/decor/ambiance .
the rooms were decent , not spectacular .
this hotel is great for business , but not as great for play .
downtown phoenix has nothing and is dead at night .
bring a car with you if you plan to explore at night !
or , you can take a cab ( although i 'm not sure if they 're as plentiful here at night -- was n't paying attention ) .
i saw that there were small buses going around at night there were apparently free as well .
bonus : across the hall from my room was the club lounge , where they served buffet breakfast and afternoon hors d'ouevres and drinks .
worth paying the extra money for in my opinion if you stay here .

1
if you 've ever been to the boiling crab in california or vegas , this is as close as it gets here in arizona .
i 've been to this place at least 5 or 6 times now and i 'm glad to see that they are listening to feedback and are continuously improving .
it may be that it 's off season but i 've noticed many times they are out of at least one or two different items .
my only experience are with their shrimp , crawfish , cajun fries , and gumbo .
it 's pretty tasty and if you 're looking for good seafood i would definitely give them a shot .

1
yum , yum , yum !
my mom , aunt and i came here for a nice dinner and drinks and that is exactly what we got !
we tried the margarita , flirtini and peach ( the name escapes me ) drinks and they were awesome .
well mixed , unique and very tasty !
we ordered the guacamole and chips and while it was n't bad , there was definitely something missing .
i salted it and it helped a little but the guac had very little flavor .
skip it .
my mom ordered the rueben said it was `` fabulous `` .
they leave the dressing on the side which is nice as it keeps the bread from getting soggy .
my aunt ordered the sirloin and said it was cooked perfectly .
she substituted glazed carrots for her side and was very pleased with them .
thumbs up all around .
we will definitely be back here again .
great service , fair prices for the large portions , great food and a nice outdoor patio - you ca n't go wrong !

1
first and foremost , always use a coupon .
if you live in chandler they should come in the mail every other week .
this will save you at least $ 12 .
everyone here is friendly .
the food has never disappointed and i 've been here about 100 times .
there are many good selection .
the shredded beef taco is big and juicy .
it tastes amazing .
the burritos are decent but are a little bland .
the chimichanga is good , but is it worth the extra calories for being deep fried ?
that all depends on your metabolism .
my new favorite choice here is the mexican pizza .
it is huge and filling .
there are so many different flavors going on .
the chips and salsa here are my favorite ( tied with serrano 's that is ) .
there is also a nice patio outside on a pond with a water fountain in the water that lights up at night .
it looks pretty cool .

1
my wife and i were on a little getaway up in scottsdale and decided to stop here for breakfast .
it was wonderful .
be warned , the portions were pretty large and we both could have walked out with to go orders had we not been staying at a hotel .
she got the crabby , which i think was a great deal since , it had two crab cakes atop an already sizable omelette .
it was n't surprisingly good .
it was exactly what you would expect or hope for .
no more and no less , which is more than i can say for most breakfast places .
i would definitely get it again .
i got the meat and cheese omelette .
i 'm a sucker for smoked gouda so this was everything i hoped for and more .
my only criticism is of what this places refers to as the dd hash .
it 's skillet cooked mixture of butternut squash and sweet potatoes with some caramelized onions .
it sounds great , but was surprisingly lacking in flavor .
i attribute this to poor seasoning and a maybe a lack fo salt , but it wo n't stop me from coming back the next time i am in town .
all in all this is a great little place with good atmosphere and a fun menu .
it 's definitely worth a try .

1
my friend vickie was visiting from denver and i wanted to go some place new for breakfast after our 8 a.m. massage on black friday .
i had read about la petite france and thought it sounded good .
it is tucked inside the seville shopping center , so you have to park and find your way inside .
very nice patio but it was a bit too cold to sit outside .
we ordered the $ 12 breakfast which includes coffee , juice or fruit , french bread and choice of omelet ( with a croissant ) + small salad .
i 'm not sure if it 's included but we had gotten a croissant , so we each ended up with two .
i chose the ham/bacon omelet & fruit ( i 'll post pictures ) and my friend chose the oj with the vegetarian omelet .
they accommodated her choice of cheese and egg whites .
the only reason i 'm not giving this place a 5 star is that they do not serve champagne by the glass .
if they could figure out that people enjoy a glass or two of champagne with their breakfast on weekends or days off , they would make many happy and more $ $ for them .
having traveled to france , i see why others posted about the service .
this is a traditional french bistro ( with slow service ) and authentic french servers .
so if you are willing to wait ( or have to call your server vs. waiting ) , then i think you will definitely enjoy the food .

1
we did n't even know this place existed until i saw a living social deal and snagged it .
then the deal sat and sat until almost expiring .
after spending the morning hiking we were in the area and decided to pop in .
the living social deal was 2 beer flights , an appetizer and 2 pint glasses to take home .
the sampler was a tasting of the entire line up , so 7 samples .
found a few favorites and a couple we did n't like , but the vanilla porter was delish !
not our typical style of beer , but will most definitely order it again .
instead of getting the 2 pint glasses to take home they honored our request to have a couple pints of beer instead !
our server was just amazing - she was friendly and informative - big props to angela for great customer service .
we loved the atmosphere and oh - the food .
it was good .
for our appetizer we got the green chili dip with chips .
it was good - not amazing , but we were starving from our hike and cleaned the bowl .
we also ordered a blt breakfast sandwich from the brunch menu which i thought was great .
it was your typical blt , but served on a croissant with a fried egg on top and served with home fries .
so very good - next time i wo n't share though and order it only for myself .
they definitely seem to have a local following as everyone that came in after us seemed to know someone else already there .
when the locals like it and keep coming back you know it is a good thing .
we will be back !

1
the super burrito and taco salad were amazing .
it 's a nice small restaurant with a walk up counter .
even if you do n't live in the neighborhood , it 's worth the drive .

1
i really need to visit this place more often !
i know that i have visited several times since my first review and no changes since my first .
the place is still as ever and the food ( i either have the burger or the italian sausage ) never disappoints .
the staff is friendly and service is quick .

1
i have been here a handful of times now and have always enjoyed the food and love the kale cleanse .
but i have to say the service is lacking .
on two different occasions the cashier has been less than friendly or helpful - and it was n't even the same person !
i say step it up with the attitude and you 'll get 5 stars instead of 4 .

1
after hearing about this place for a while , i decided to check it out this past weekend .
as some other reviewers point out , the parking situation is pretty bad , with an understaffed valet as your only option if there 's a crowd .
i started with a meat & cheese plate that was very good .
my selected meats/cheeses came with pesto and a tomato sauce , along with some very good flatbread .
i then tried the farm greens salad .
i was pleasantly surprised -- this was an excellent salad , thanks mostly to sweet pears contrasting with spicy-coated pecans , and chicken that was clearly hand-pulled from a whole roasted bird ( and , unlike most chicken on salads , this included both light and dark meat ) .
finally , the pizza .
it is an almost-neapolitan style , thin but with a substantial crust around the outside .
rather than being spotty-charred like a neapolitan , the crust had an all-over gray color to it .
the crust quickly became soggy in the center of my 12 `` pizza , but the overall flavor was very good .
the toppings were good quality , but the sausage on my pizza overpowered the flavor of the cheese and sauce .
overall , the parlor is a place i 'll gladly come back to .
it 's not my absolute favorite pizza in town , but it 's close .

1
this is a great little entertainment and shopping area .
there are a lot of superplex choices in north scottsdale and i like the downtown city/urban feel of scottsdale quarter .
you can walk the entire complex ( round-trip ) in 10 minutes , yet there are enough shops and restaurants to last all day .
it 's not at 100 % occupancy so there is still some minimal construction going on , but it 's nothing that gets in the way of a great time .
the only downer is the parking .
just go directly to the below ground parking structure .
street parking is non-existent unless you want to valet .
also , access to scottsdale rd is limited to one exit .
the minor parking issues are far outweighed by everything else sq has to offer .
it is now on my list of places to go during the weekend !

1
i like to think of tj maxx as an expensive version of ross .
i 'm loathe to pay over $ 10 for a shirt , especially when i do n't know the brand or quality .
it could be a single wear/wash shirt that gets thrown away or it could be a keeper .
that normally keeps me away from tj maxx unless i ca n't find what i 'm looking for at ross .
luckily , this trip to tj maxx was a good one .
i got 2 shirts , a pair of shorts , and a pair of shoes for under $ 80 .
if it was at ross , i 'd definitely pay less , but these were nice shirts that seemed to be of good quality .
( cross your fingers ! )
the items here are more `` fashionable `` than some of the items at ross as well , so that 's a plus .
also , this store seems larger than ross with a wider variety of items .
( more home goods and definitely more men 's items . )
if you are looking for a bargain , defiantly check it out .

1
took my kids here last summer and although my older two ( 11 and 9 ) were a little too old and `` too cool `` for it and my two little ones ( 4 and 6 ) loved it !
their favorite things were painting the castle and playing with the sand light box .
my favorite thing was watching all the kids take on life roles in the grocery store and restaurants .
it was amazing to see how quickly and easily they all chose a job and fell right into it without conflict or questions .
i was just recently back for yelp 's pley date event and i have to admit it was more fun as an adult sans children ; ) i always climb the tree house with my kids but climbing it with my adult friends was a blast !
we will be visiting again this summer , at least my little two and i will be !

1
fantastic italian food .
service is personal and friendly .
high on the price factor , but it is what it is .
honestly , it 's a place to go for specially made authentic itialn food .
if you want cheap , go to the olive garden .

1
by far the best chinese restaurant in the valley .
i 'm from the east coast and you really would n't think that chinese food would be regional in the us ... with that said , the food out here is different than the east coast .
i have been on the quest for a decent general tso 's chicken and this place has it .
it is as close to what i am used to that i have been able to find .
the service is reliable and friendly .
i really do n't have anything bad to say .
i took a star away because a couple times they messed up my carry out order .
just check it before you leave the parking lot and it wont be an issue ; - )

1
love this place , interesting take on mexican food ( hard to describe , but not your normal sonoran az style ) , kick butt margaritas , and may i suggest the `` classic `` which comes in a shaker .
best part , family owned and run , come a few times and you 'll feel right at home .
our whole neighborhood comes on fridays , kid and all ( definitely kid friendly ) , you should too !

1
good and upbeat place to dine .
love the southwest burger .
excellent microbrew .
( i had the brew sun . )
plenty of tv 's if you 're into watching sports .

1
i have eaten here almost everyday last week while visiting phoenix .
i 'm glad that this place is across the street from the hotel as a better alternative to room service .
from the paninis to the baked goods to the pasta , i have yet to be disappointed .
too bad we do n't have one of these back home .

1
i 'm not a vegetarian , but some friends visiting from out of town are .
after taking them here for dinner the other night , they loved it so much that we had to go back there for lunch the next day .
their favorite dishes : - mediterranean platter , especially the eggplant dip - veggie stir fry , which is technically a side , but really large enough to be a main i had beef gyro both time and would thought it was good , but i would have preferred lamb .

1
enjoyed our stay here on the 1st night of the road trip .
after being on the road for as long as we were it was good to check in to a good sized suite that was clean and comfortable .
there was a refrigerator and decent counter with sink in the living room area .
only issue was the bathroom was small in comparison .
the nieces and their mom enjoyed the pool and whirlpool .
i 'd also booked the rest of the group to stay here on their return to sf ( i 'd already flown home ) and they loved it even more because they were put into a larger suite with a full kitchen .

1
i 'm guessing all the starbuck 's do n't get their food items from the same place or has it just been a while since i 've been into one to order and sit down for breakfast ?
* shrug * anyway , we do n't usually go to this sb but decided to stop by here before we headed into downtown .
the croissant and cheese danish was much tastier than the other sb we go to on litchfield .
i was surprised b ' c i figured they got their stuff from all the same place .
anyway , there was a constant line so to me that seems they could improve on efficiency ... or maybe they are just that busy .
overall tough , good service .

1
love the guacomole !

1
great pricies on food and drinks during happy hour

1
had dinner at sens last night , and enjoyed the experience .
i live just a few blocks away and rode my bike there .
unable to find a good place to lock my bike the owner showed me a covered area between the restaurant and the adjacent building and told us he was currently building a bike rack , thus i was impressed with the service even before i sat down .
like other reviews i too enjoyed the drink menu and tasted a couple of different sakes that my girlfriend and i enjoyed .
the food will not knock your socks off , but it is good and warrants a return trip .
it 's a nice new vibrant eatery in a downtown that desparately needs a few more places for those that live there .

1
amazing food .
just worth it .
a little expensive then expected , but it was worth every penny .

1
do yourself a favor and head to delux ! ! ! !
you wo n't be disappointed .
i had the pleasure of the turkey burger which was nothing short of fantastic !
and the miniature grocery basket of half sweet potato and regular fries topped it all off perfectly .
ca n't wait to go back and sample the rest of the menu .

1
as a bit of a jaded and cynical individual , i feel i should begin by suggesting that you not be dissuaded by the campy name .
the manager seems to genuinely care about his establishment , and it shows .
the slouvaki alone is well worth the trip .
as someone who considers feta cheese his personal kryptonite , i feel i would be remiss to not suggest the feta burger .
the wait staff is very attentive and helpful .
combine all of this with a clean and attractive atmosphere , and you have found a great dining experience .

1
tried this new place out .
great service .
sat right away .
children 's menu was very affordable which is nice !
i get tired of being charged $ 5 for something i can make at home for $ 1 .
our waitress was great and attentive .
i ordered the banana pecan pancakes and they were really really good .
great portions for the price .
my husband ordered the pancake special and the yogurt parfait .
yogurt parfait was huge and delicious .
i will be returning .

1
i climbed it , i got tired and sore .
it is a good hike .
you see some fools running down it , can you say ankle inversion/eversion injury fracture ?
to me it will always be squaw peak , i think it was renamed to appease a certain population for political gains and i think that was wrong .
good exercise , a smoothie stand and bistro at the half way point would be nice though .

1
first , i must say ... freaking great martinis .
now for the review .
not that i 'm ancient , but it seems that the crowd was much younger than i remember .
i always preferred the older crowds but it really is n't that important to me .
what i look for is friendly people who just want to have fun .
there is plenty of that here .
i was there on friday after work .
it was about 8 pm and there was barely room to move .
i could only stay for one drink but found i had to force myself to leave ... early flight ; - ( anyway , this place has something for everyone .
everyone was pretty friendly .
a few creepers around - just staring at people - but that is to be expected at any gay bar as far as i 'm concerned .
the music was n't really my style but could tune it out .
i 'm just not a fan of the wailing diva trash but i have yet to find that gay bar that plays phish , gogol bordello , or galactic - lol .
ah , but that is my burden to bear ...

1
my son and i loved this place does anyone know anything like it ? ?

1
stopped in for breakfast .
ordered a coffee and a taylor ham and egg .
the blueberry scone was wonderful .
i will go back when i am in town again .

1
recently moved to az from ca .
needed to find a stylist who knows how to cut hair .
found a great stylist at lynn-matthew salon who listens to what you want and follows through with a great haircut .
call and make an appointment with harley .

1
went here for happy hour last night - half price apps and $ 3 beers , ca n't beat that .
my husband ordered the soft pretzels , which we super fresh and definitely handmade onsite .
came with mustard and cheese sauce , excellent !
i ended up eating most of it : ) we got some fried pickles , which are n't part of the happy hour special , but are only $ 4 and worth it .
everything we got was great , and the atmosphere is even better .

1
nice local non-chain restaurant .
neither up-tight or pretentious , more casual and laid back .
staff was friendly and attentive , i think our server was even `` the famous justin `` .
he helped us pick out the wine and told me about one of the entree that i really enjoyed .
it was bow tie pasta with spinach , sun-dried tomatoes and chicken all mixed in a cream sauce .
big portions so expect some leftovers for sure .
thanks yelp or i would have never know about this place !

1
great second hand furniture and housewares .
the clothes are amazing too i just wish they had more of them .
the lady working was so very kind and knew a lot about the local stuff going on .
if you are looking for a good find for reasonable prices definitely come to this place .

1
i like the unusual flavor combinations on the dogs ( fruit , coconut with spicy ) and it tastes good !
it 's not trying to be anything it 's not .

1
i have dined here a couple times .
.
i first took my wife there in late november for a birthday lunch after a trip the phx art museum .
i had stopped by there previously to pick-up some of the coconut cupcakes made by tammy coe also located in the same center .
.
anyways , i tried the blt with avocado and some fresh fruit .
very good , bacon is crispy and the sourdough is great .
.
if your looking for a good small wine selection , check it out .
i like they have some hard to find shiraz which normally retail for $ 20 - $ 30 bux elsewhere !
the cupcakes are all very good .
.
i like the red velvet and the coconut .
.

1
went to this restaurant monday night while my father and i were in town for spring training .
the front desk clerk at our hotel ( which was conveniently walking distance ) recommended this restaurant to us .
when we arrived the hostess told us it was going to to be an hour wait .
rather than drive ( or go to fridays ) we decided to stick around .
my father sat down and i went to the bar to get a couple drinks .
albeit the bar was busy but the bartender , mitch , asked me twice what i would like and then completely ignored me and never got them .
i waited for 20 minutes before linda came and asked me for my drink order and promptly took care of it .
when two seats became available at the bar she quickly suggested we jump on them .
we ended up having dinner at the bar and everything was wonderful .
at linda 's suggestion we tried the mediterranean calamari which was outstanding .
for our entrees we had the bacon wrapped shrimp and the scallops .
both were delicious .
and linda was simply amazing .
she made up mitch and made our evening wonderful .
we will definitely be back when we are in the city again .

1
omg .
the short ribs are fantastic .
every time i come here , i always have the short ribs or the tacos .
when you walk in the front door , be sure to grab yourself a freshly baked cookie .

1
i really thought i was having just a summer fling with rita 's .
but the cold ( er ) weather has arrived and still find myself answering longingly the siren songs of misto 's and gelati 's .
so good .
i 'm an east coaster at heart and this is as close as it gets to the real thing .
and let 's face it , what 's better than a real italian ice ?
custard !
at rita 's you can have your italian ice and eat your custard too .
beyond the product , the service is always friendly enough and they offer enough deals to keep me coming back .
it 's that simple .

1
on the whole , pane bianco was worth the trip .
i highly recommend that you get there via the brand-spanking-new phoenix light rail ( campbell & central ave stop ) !
amazing fresh bread from a glorious oven.i arrived just before 2pm and they had just changed the market sandwich ( $ 10 - yikes ! )
i chose the no-mayo tuna .
good tasting and moist , but not great .
for an $ 8 sandwich , i 'd have liked a bit more tuna .
the picnic table seating outdoors next to the street and the railroad tracks - really not so great in the middle of a warm afternoon .
after savoring my lunch , i did go to lux and was extremely happy to cool down with an iced espresso .
the ice and the caffeine picked me up i before heading back to a conference in downtown phoenix .

1
i would say that i prefer the mesa location simply because it tends to be quieter but this one is within walking distance for me so it 's often the one i go to .
plus i like sitting out out by the lake when the temperature finally becomes reasonable .
i was reading the previous reviews and a lot of people have had problems with the service but i 've never had anything but wonderful service here .
i 've eaten here during busy and slow times and the service has always been pretty consistant .
the food is excellent and , i think , appropriately priced .
i love going to a restaurant where a good chunk of the food is vegetarian because that is so rare .
i especially love their gazpacho , roasted red pepper hummus and spinach cheese lavosh thing on their app menu .
i do eat fish occasionally so my only sadness is that they stopped carrying the tuna melt pizza which was to die for .
maybe they 'll bring it back someday ... .
.
can you hear me pita jungle ?

1
fairly short hike , but you will get a good work out due to the steep slopes you will hike up !
once you reach the top , you get some really nice views of the phoenix area .
be sure to bring some water if you are hiking here in the summer .
there 's not much shade here !
if you do bring your dog here , be sure to bring some doggie bags since there are no stations that dispense them around this area .

1
awesome breakfast .
i recommend the steak and eggs or the breakfast burro .
biscuits and gravy is awesome also .
has the place been on food tv or travel channel ?
it should be ...

1
super thin crust , fresh mozzarella , and bland sauce .
7-9-5 would be the scores respectively our of 10 .
coal fired , with water adjusted to ny mineral levels shows great attention to the crust .
however the sauce while not sweet it lacks flavor it could some some basil , oregano and or garlic .
the cheese is great however .
we had a large cheese pizza $ 18.99 a bit steep but not terrible for a sit down gourmet esque .
however due to the thin thin nature and blobs of cheese there is less overall pizza than other thin crust places like nypd .
this place has a long laundry list of toppings , this is why i think the sauce lacked flavor as most do n't miss it when they add on a whole meals worth of meat and veggies to a pizza .
the menu is simple salads pizza stomboli 's and desert .
overall its a decent option for a nicer pizza in this area of town .

1
their food is a little pricey , but their tea prices are right on par , and their selection is pretty much out of this world .
moreover , their staff actually knows their stuff , so if you have a tea question , they can answer it for you instead of just making stuff up .
sometimes it takes a bit longer than it should ( no tea i know of takes more than 10 minutes to brew ) , but it 's worth the wait .
you can get them made hot or cold , with milk ( or soy ! )
or without .
add to that a nice sandwich or cupcake , and you have a perfect afternoon snack/luncheon .
their chai selection is wonderful , as are some of their black and herbals .
if only i had the time to try everything !

1
pretty cool place to make a quick stop either going or coming from sedona .
it 's a nice break for the car engine ( and if you have a baby , super nice break ) they have a restaurant that i have n't tried and a bar .
a small bakery with some really good goodies .
one day ill try the food to see if i can give it another star to compete the 5 .
make a stop , i think you 'll like it .

1
love it ... great service and oh so good cookies ... wasnt sure about trying it because u think chinese mexican food ?
but it was nothing like that in my opinion .
i would go back again mmmmmmmm

1
my husband and i went there for the first time on thursdays `` date night `` where you get a four-course meal for $ 39.00 .
that means both appetizers and dessert are free .
the best part of the meal hands down was the artichoke appetizer .
it was absolutely delicious !
we also shared the wedge salad-a classic .
for entrees we shared the skirt steak and chicken palliard .
i was really pleased to find out they serve all local meat , and the entrees were good ( i liked the chicken entree better as i found the steak very boring and bland ) .
for dessert we shared the pecan torte ... pretty good .
we would definitely go back for date night .

1
i just discovered the cinemark in mesa yesterday afternoon , when it was the only theater in the area that still had relatively last-minute opening night tickets for the dark knight available online .
tickets to the opening night 10:30 pm show still available at 4:30 that afternoon ?
yes please !
i did n't even know about this place but it 's a perfectly fine theater and there 's a ton of shopping around and seems cool .
the line-management for tdk was a little bit of a clusterf * ck but hey , it 's opening night , there are people everywhere , i 'm not mad .
i 'm sure i 'll be back .

1
have you ever heard of a dry cleaners that has a rewards program ?
no ?
well me either ; but tide dry cleaners has one .
and they have 24-hr drop off and pick-up services .
and they are a green business .
i wondered years ago why dry cleaners never improved their business models .
well , here is one that has improved .
and improved significantly .
walking in the store it does not smell of chemicals or dirty , musty clothes .
it smells fresh & clean .
a good sign , right ?
some things you just ca n't clean yourself .
some things you must leave to the professionals .
tide dry cleaners are the professionals .

1
this place gets 4 stars because it good for after work happy hours .
sushi rolls , apps and drinks are half off .
the sushi is decent quality , but it is definitely a touristy place to hang out .
i would only recommend this place if you 're hanging out with co-workers and grabbing a quick bite prior to a night out .

1
i continue to give golden egg roll 4 stars .
i love the house chicken and schezwan chicken ( i 'm sure i misspelled that ) .
i did not like the hunan chicken ; however , i despise bell peppers and did n't realize they were in this meal until after i got it .
golden egg roll became a regular place for me to go to because it was cheap and better than decent .
now that i 've moved , i 'm going to miss this place .

1
i recently went back with my wife and a friend for dinner before a movie .
the food was still good and the service was much better than what i experienced last time .
i think the burgers are well done and you get your choice of various sides ( as many as you want ) .
a few sides cost extra or if you want another slice of cheese .
the fries or sweet potato fries are above average .
the waiter refilled our water and drinks and gave the check to us in a timely manner .
this did n't happen during my previous experience .
my wife and i split an oreo and marshmallow shake .
the shake was superb !
i think we both regretted splitting the shake instead of getting our own .
for shake lovers , there is a huge variety of flavors and selections to choose from .
i 've raised my rating to a 4 now with the service improvement .
i still need to take the 1 lb burger challenge .

1
lovely , cozy atmosphere , creative and satisfying food , nice service .
what a great experience !
chef porter has ascended way beyond the tapino ( which i always thought was pretty decent ) fare here .
we had the moelle boeuf ( bone marrow ) and the tartar for starters .
the marrow was lovely , done just right ( a little red ) , with some thin sliced of toasted baguette that added rather than distracted from the rich , tasty marrow .
the small fennel salad that comes with the marrow was dreamy - i could eat a plate of that .
the tartar ... now that was to die for .
all one could ever hope from a tartar .
both the husband and i had the duck confit with white bean cassolet for our entrees .
the duck was nice , though a bit on the salty side for a confit , and the skin was on the soggy side .
served as it was in a bowl of white beans , it was also difficult to cut past the skin and extricate individual meat pieces without losing them in the white beans .
the cassolet itself was rich and interesting with what appeared to be sausage hunks in it .
so overall the duck dish was pretty good but did n't blow my socks off .
the wine by the glass selection is fairly small ( boo ) and mostly french ( yeah ! )
.
the server suggested the rhone , which was pleasing and paired well with the meal .
the menu is small - entrees included one chicken , one duck , one fish , one pork , one beef - but all looked appealing .
everything is in the french style here , meaning rich , rich rich .
not a place for dieters or vegetarians .
the steak frites both looked and smelled fantastic - i can not wait to try .
the decor has been aptly described in other reviews .
i particularly enjoyed the non-phoenician feel of 1 ) the small size , 2 ) the low ceilings , and 3 ) the crowded elbow-to-elbow spacing .
it really is more like a french bistro on the inside than anything place i 've eaten west of nyc .

1
great place !
jojo 's is the best pizza in the area and they deliver ! ! ! !

1
this was my first trip to fogo de chao , and it met my expectations .
i was a little nervous because the main idea behind the restaurant is basically `` all the meat you can eat `` , and i do n't typically eat very much meat .
i also knew going in that it would be pretty spendy , and fogo met that expectation as well .
do n't expect a menu ; you wo n't get one .
instead , you get a `` guide `` to the meat that will be delivered to your table via gaucho-wearing servers in blue embroidered button-downs ( interesting combo , but hey - how else will you combine the traditional brazilian concept with scottsdale professionalism ? )
.
and the meat just keeps coming !
flip your coaster from red to green to signal the gauchos that you need meat .
need a break to breathe , stretch , unbutton ?
no problem !
flip the ol ' coaster back to red and they leave you alone for a bit .
the salad bar is a nice addition to a seriously protein-heavy ( non ? )
menu .
that definitely helped me , since i do n't eat red meat on a regular basis ; i was able to pace myself a little better by starting with the salad ( fyi : mix the ranch dressing with the basil sauce .
amazing . )
.
the restaurant space is huge and loud .
it 's very difficult to have a conversation , and when you have your green coaster showing , the gauchos are constantly visiting your table .
we made a reservation because fogo was crazy busy with spring training crowds in town .
we arrived early , sat in the bar for almost an hour , and when i checked with the hostess , apparently they ` tried ' to buzz us on the little flashy-thingy , but it did n't work , so they gave our table away !
we did get seated almost immediately following that , and our drinks were comped , so it was taken care of very well .
i 'll be going back here , but probably in a year or so ; it 's really expensive and it 's a ton of meat , but it was amazing food .
selections to try : the bacon-wrapped filet mignon was so moist and flavorful !
make sure you get some of the cheeses and prosciutto from the salad bar , and definitely mix the ranch and basil dressings - to die for !

1
in and out .
only spent $ 16 .
that was the cheapest and fastest costco visit ever .
perfect !

1
oh yeah this place is way cool !
headed over here last week with mom and the sister .
the thing that i liked the most was that it 's a great mix of overstock and discontinued items with scratch and dent .
each tag is clearly marked with why the item is in the outlet center - so if it was a floor model or return that has a ding , it tells you where to look .
this can save you a lot of time if you are dealing with a really large peice .
the day i was there , most of the stock consisted of kitchen tables , entertainment sectionals , office furniture , and end tables .
in addition to the remarkable woods that we all associate with copenhagen , there were a number of glass and stone peices which really stood out .
the showroom is open from 9 to 6 on monday through saturday .
the staff was very helpful , but not stalkish .
and even though it was packed to the rafters with selections , there was room to manuever around , without that claustrophibic feeling that you can experience in some stores .
although they only had three sofas displayed during our visit , i will definately be stopping by this place often as we were told that stock changes frequently .
if you are looking for higher quality furniture at rock bottom prices and are flexible with exacting styles , this is one of the best sources in the valley .
personally , i 'm handy enough to deal with a knick here or there on the wood peices , but they lose .5 stars for those people that ca n't .
: ) -- big shout out to jason w. for unearthing this little delight .
i 've lived in this area my entire life and had no clue that it was tucked away in there ! ! !
--

1
what a lovely lunch i had at the parlor !
it was a rainy day and my daughter and i were going to lunch and the movies .
we started with the brussel sprouts , which were amazing .
being a wimp i will ask for ` no red pepper flakes ' next time ... but the sprouts were roasted , seasoned and mellow .
i also had the carrot and ginger soup , which my daughter then decided she liked also .
i could eat that soup often !
then came the pizza .
the pesto pizza .
yum .
yum .
yum .
i loved the crust on this pizza .
i love pesto .
i really enjoyed the little semi-sweet crunch of the pinon nuts added .
my daughter and i were getting really full but managed to take down an 8 `` pesto pizza .
i look forward to this again .
note , the staff is really mellow .
like , really mellow .
if you 're expecting fawning service , this is n't the place .
but we did n't have to wait long at all for our food , got everything we asked for and were quite happy !

1
good chewy pizza al fresco out on the patio .
a nice neighborhood vibe going on with friendly wait staff .

1
another great fox concepts restaurant ... no surprise here !
the space is absolutely great - amazingly bright and open .
the service is extremely quick at lunch which is much appreciated .
and ... the food was great !
my pasta was flavorful and just the right portion .
i am confident this place will be a huge success and imagine it is pretty hard to get a table at peak times .

1
when it comes to az , these folks know their grass ... condition is awesome and golfnow gave me a chance to capitalize the affordability .
this course shares almost i would word it the same as foothills and club west cos its located on the north side of south mountain az . .
foothills and club west are on the south side just to help you remember .
the lanscape is hilly but rather short .
my experience though is quite challenging due to a strong gusty sand storm ... yea not a complete haboob but close enough while i can still golf .
the course sneaks into housing and around behind the mountain .
i love the challenge of long course but this one is not leaving anything short per the weather .
if you ask me , yea i would come back for another round but let me finish longer courses that have higher priority .
hole 1 is a really nice setup where both sides are surrounded by arizona grand resort rooms ( a little exaggerate but its like grand stand ) while folks sitting in the coffee terrace sipping coffee can enjoy the hole 1 tee off screenplay ; of course what they might see is just a slight view of your back and a big american flag waving at the backdrop .

1
its from wisconsin baby !
of course its good ! ! !
ice cream , burgers & root beer .
every once in a while i 'm feeling culver 's so i 'm glad they made it to town

1
i got ta tell you - for a bachelorette party , this is the place to go .
my bf 's bachelorette party was held here after dinner and , at first , i was a little bit worried i 'd experience the same crap as axis/radius for my last friend 's bachelorette party ( i was hard of hearing for the next full day and the crowd was so lame , i just wanted to sit on the side and count how many girls looked like ` ladies of the night ' ) but to my pleasant surprise , this place totally impressed me !
here is why : disclaimer : i am a happily married straight gal , love to dance techno 1 - the crowd was 80 % gay men , which was perfect since it meant i was n't going to get dumb guys trying to hit on me ( hello !
do n't you see my shiny ring and the fact that i 'm not dressed like a ` lady of the night ' trying to get your attention ) or trying to literally pull me away from my friends to dance ( freak ) with them .
2 - the gals that were there were gay/tran/etc and not the prostitute-looking , dumb ` barely dressed ' broads ( as typical of lots of scottsdale clubs ) you have to deal with that take up room on the dance floor and are n't even dancing ( they 're just standing there trying to look hot ) .
3 - the bartender dudes were awesome - friendly , generous with the many shots we bought and i never had to ` wait ' for the bartender or try to get his attention - they were very attentive and actually friendly !
also , their drinks were strong !
not watered down .
4 - the atmosphere is fun - the place is a bit dark and dive-y looking inside ( and out ) , but once you get the music going and the crowd thickens up , it is fun !
also , a major thing to me - the music was perfectly amplified such that my ears were not ringing even though i was on the dance floor all night .
also the club patrons were not like the a/r patrons .
.
friendlier , fun to dance with , cuter boys !
also , since it was a bachelorette party , a lot of the gay men there were kind enough to buy the bride plenty of drinks and even take her out for plenty of dancing .
5 - the owner came by and offered our bride-to-be an oh-so-sexy dance with 2 of the better looking go-go dancer dudes ( i thought that was cool of the owner to set up ) .
i do n't even club but i 'd say that if i am ever invited to go clubbing again in scottsdale , i am all for visiting this gay club !
the only down sides : the bathroom line was rediculously long .
.
outdoor ` patio ' is kinda slummy .

1
we tried to find this place last time we were in town but failed .
so glad we tried again .
got there early , got a great seat outside .
they were awesome with our son and made sure we knew about the off menu kids items .
our server ( haley ? )
was great with him as well and very attentive .
the food was solid and the beer selection as well .
we will definitely be back .

1
love it !
great atmosphere , awesome drinks , and the house made mozzarella is one of my new favorite dishes of all time .
the bartenders do a great job , and are super friendly .
the only downside is that they do n't have a happy hour , but they do have $ 3 drinks on tuesdays .
go and check it out !

1
if you r in the mood 4 a b ` fast sandwich this is the place !
4 stars !
i wish there was 1 n la : o )

1
love this place for home furnishings ! ! ! !
you make your home look like a designers homes with the great furnishings being sold : ) the clothes are horrible though .
i ca n't find anything my size much of the time .
i 'm a large , but the `` large size `` doesnt fit me well there .
i think its because they brings in clothes that is a petite large or just completely out of style .
not a fashionista style at all ! ! !
otherwise this a great place to shop at for everything else .

1
this cute little yogurt place replaced another cute little yogurt place .
and normally i would just say `` meh `` and continue on my way , but this place is a huge step up from zwirl , the buildings former inhabitant .
the floorplan is more open , the flavors and toppings more expansive .
the kids working there are also a little more engaging and have no qualms kicking out a bunch of annoying loitering tweens .
it gets my vote , and my money when i need to sneak a snack into the theater .
try it , you wo n't be disappointed .

1
contrary to the other reviews , there was a crowd waiting at the door at noon .
despite this , we were seated promptly .
we initially chose this restaurant because of a coupon in the newspaper .
we got 1/2 pound prime rib , a dozen shrimp and 2 sides ( i chose the garden salad very crisp and garlic mash ) .
the food was satisfactory , but was n't worth any more than the coupon price .
they have a great selection of draft beers ( i had the sam adams boston lager ) .
i would recommend this restaurant to my friends .

1
top shelf is what i call `` mexican comfort food . ``
it 's the kind of mexican food that i grew up with - cheesy , sorta greasy , good food .
their enchilada sauce is killer .
it is definitely the kind of place you go to when you want a good , solid meal - it is n't wow , but it is n't bad .
i heard once that the sign of a good mexican food is good beans - top shelf has them .
i never asked if they are vegetarian ... at the time , i did n't want to know .
( so they probably are n't ) go to top shelf .
not on a first date , but on the 4th or 5th , when you want a good meal without any pretention .
yum .

1
after being a farmer 's market junkie for a long time , it 's good to know there is a permanent one close to home .
sunflower market is indeed `` farmer marketish `` if one may say .
it it not `` organic `` elite like whole foods , it is more of a cleaner farmer 's market atmosphere .
the vegetable selection is superb !
it is also beyond affordable .
i completely packed filled about a weeks amount of food for under $ 20.00 .
now that is amazing !
i liked the free samples everywhere too : ) the best way to describe this store is somewhere between trader joes , cost plus world market and an outdoor farmer 's market .
the staff was really nice and cheery ( unlike the zombies at walmart ) .
my favorite part of the store was the specialty foods ... they have dolmas ! !
love , love , love this place : ) great store that is great for our health and community : )

1
killer food - we had the greek omelette and the jalapeno pecan pancakes .
excellent service and fantastic experience , highly recommended !

1
not all charity organizations are created equal .
sa still has their purpose mind and really support the local location and community with your donations .
the store is clean uncluttered and does n't feel like you should be fumigated when you leave .

1
hungry howie 's ... good , cheap pizza .
yeah it 's not fancy wood baked pizza , but for the price , you ca n't beat it .
always good coupon deals around too .
i 'd rank hungry howie 's above domino 's , pizza hut , papa john 's .
.
any of the big chain , econo-pizza joints .
from this location , i 've always had really good service .

1
this place definitely has an upscale loungy feel to it .
the only way i found out about it is because i work right in that area .
i can see how it would be a nice change of pace from the typical clubs around the valley .
it would be a good place to start the evening and maybe impress some people visiting from out of town .
think of a place you would see in l.a. or chicago .
i have been to places like this in each of these cities , dark , swanky , cool , hip .
my secret hint for this place is that you can see certain suns players come in late at night to hang out .

1
a nice , inexpensive place that gives you endless options for combinations of vegetables , sauces and proteins .
it 's a little dark and dingy so it did n't get five stars

1
this place really is n't so bad in the `` off season `` .
i went there last night with a party of 4 .
the wait was n't terrible and the patio was perfect .
it was n't too hot , too cold and it was n't too crowded .
i did n't get my usual beef burger and opted for the tuna burger instead .
it was just good ... not excellent or outstanding .
i did however order my usual wedge salad ( chopped of course ) and it was very good as always .
i 'm starting to think that the real star entrees there are the tacos .
two people in my party ordered them and the dishes looked amazing .
i am for sure getting the steak ones next time .
the service was pretty good as always .
oh one last thing .
they give you a little chocolate cookie when you walk out the door .
it is a very nice touch , but for some reason they add a bunch of salt to them .
i do n't understand it but i think adding salt to sugary things ( like cookies and ice cream ) is some kind of fancy-pants trend that needs to go away asap .

1
a hidden tempe gem has opened up a store in cen pho , and changed my lunch time landscape .
the menu is the same , with sandwiches , salads , bowls and burgers .
prices are $ 7-9 for most items , a bit steep for the amount of food .
the ambiance is contemporary with a minimalist eccentric interior and staff to with the piercings to match .
my thai peanut bowl was good , the mock meat has a great texture , the sauce was strong but not overpowering and the noodles were cooked well .
we also had the mexican burger that was great other than that the bun was a bit too large for the patty .

1
fez is great , but especially for a lighter meal at a site down place , for a good price .
in and out in under an hour or so .
good drinks and decent service .

1
i love that you can review the menu online and see the nutritional information for the items as prepared and if you omit ingredients .
i had the turkey waldorf salad , modified to be gluten-free and with lower calories and it was delicious .
it was so fresh and flavorful and the portion was huge ( which i love ) .
i loved that even with a full restaurant it was n't so loud that you could n't hear your dining partners .

1
there is no sign on the building yet , but the doors are open and the friendly staff at otro will happily feed you !
i went some co-workers yesterday for lunch , we were one of just two tables , but i do n't think that will happen again once word gets out that otro cafe is open , and is the sister restaurant to gallo blanco , a phoenix favorite .
the interior is crisp , open and highlights the buildings natural architecture , with exposed beams and brick .
there are a mix of booths and tables and a huge patio out front that will be perfect for sipping margaritas .
after sitting down we were given a huge bowl of chips and two salsas , a red and a green .
the chips were warm and slightly salted , they were on the thick side , but still tasty .
i prefer a thinner , crispier chip , but it is really just personal preference .
the green salsa is bright and tangy , and the milder of the two , while the red one is thicker and robust with chile flavor .
my group went through about 3 bowls of each during our lunch , so they are definitely memorable .
the menu is limited right now , but they plan to double it after things get rolling .
it has a unique blend of modern mexican dishes along with familiar items , like tacos and guacamole .
we tried the mexican paella , which had great flavor , but the chicken was a bit on the dry side .
we also tried the el pastor tacos and the tacos el carbon .
the tacos are served on homemade flour tortillas that just melt in your mouth .
the pastor was very flavorful , and i loved the addition of the pineapple for a bit of sweet , it really elevated the flavor .
the el carbon tacos were served with a chimichurri sauce that was also flavorful .
we also orderd a small side of guacamole , which for $ 3 was huge and some of the best i have head , definitely the best value on the menu .
i really enjoyed my meal and ca n't wait to see the menu expand and grow .
one of my dining companions said that they prefer the tacos at gallo blanco , he liked that meat selections better there ... but i pointed out that these are sister restaurants and not the same ... so they had to change up the menu a bit !
i think otro cafe is going to have great success , the food is delicious and it is located in the hot 7th street corridor ... i will definitely be back .

1
my new neighborhood cafe owned by delightful people who make scrumtrulescent food ... ; ) i 'm a sucker for cute corner cafes , and well , they sucked me in .
only thing is i wish they used real mugs instead of paper ... sets a different vibe i guess .
but whenever i have laid back friends or family come by , we always go here for a nice fresh and cozy breakfast .

1
we have enjoyed the last several times we ordered here .
we get the bean and cheese burros super nachos both have better taste then the bertos around the way .
watch your drive thru though ... missing items !

1
i 'm shocked to see there are n't many great reviews for maria maria .
my wife and i have been there several times , including a breakfast stop and always come away very happy .
the steak fajitas are so good my mouth is watering as i type this .
they give you several salsas with your meal and my favorite is the chipotle style creamy sauce that comes with the fajita .
this is the stuff that dreams are made of .
also their guacamole is so good and fresh .
love the salsas as well !
everything else on the menu , though is a little off .
do n't bother with the mole , it was just gross .
very cool decor and sometimes they have live guitar .
very classy mexican restaurant .
go for the steak fajita , guacamole and salsa .

1
this place gets 5 stars for their entrees .
no doubt about it , every meal i have ever ordered from here over the last few years has been delectable and phenomenal .
the service is also top notch .
the 1 star deduction is a matter of personal taste for their desserts .
they taste very fresh , but i have n't been overly enthused about the choices of flavors .
they have a fantastic happy hour menu too !
on the meal side , i would like to personally recommend any of the following treats : california crunchy roll spicy tuna roll negi-hama roll tekka roll shrimp tempura roll crunch eel roll dragon roll typhoon roll rainbow roll arrabbiata italian pasta w / hamaguri ( little neck clams ) capellini w / tomato and garlic primavera pescatore ika yakisoba champon ( the aroma from this one is nearly orgasmic ) pad thai korean spicy beef cha-shu ramen mixed tempura dinner *** orange roughy w / orange sauce ( i can not overstate that this is my favorite of their dishes so far ) *** yakiniku have i mentioned that i love this place ?
there are still so many other items to try !

1
the food here is generally pretty good .
drink selection is great .
service is normally above average .
the only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is that it 's a bit expensive relative to comparable quality places .

1
i 've been here once , and it was a fantastic time .
this place is an easy 4â 1/2 stars .
i feel as though i 'm shorting them with 4 , but that i 'm being too generous to award a solid 5 .
i arrived with my date to find we were the only patrons to arrive for dinner , and it was 6:30 !
a bit surprised to find it so barren , we were seated by an older man , very talkative and bursting with personality .
he took care of the basics , then proceeded to chat with us about this and that .
i could tell he was attempting to make us feel welcome ... keep in mind this large , banquet-style room was empty , the only soul in it perched at the bar , solo .
my girlfriend went with his suggestion of a greek red wine ( i ca n't recall the name , however she loved it ) .
i ordered a great-tasting greek lager , marathon iirc .
after our drinks arrived , presented to us by the hilariously entertaining host , we browsed over the ample menu to find our entree .
as soon as he described the ` family secret ' recipe to me , lamb capama , i was sold .
he had this matter-of-fact attitude when describing it as if to say `` this is the dish you want , sir `` , so i ordered it with the quickness .
i 'm so happy he made this suggestion .
this lamb was so juicy , so tender , and so flavorful !
it 's almost so good it 's bad , as i know the next time i return to bacchanal i 'll probably get the same thing and not try the others !
my girlfriend went with a feta-stuffed chicken dish of sorts , i do n't recall the name , however she was praising it after almost every bite .
our entrees were delivered by a younger man with black , spiky hair .
he was , i 'm going out on a limb here , unmistakably grecian .
i certainly do n't mean this in a bad way , as he was a fantastic waiter , almost as enjoyable as the host who entertained us prior .
i mention this because every person who waited on us during our visit was memorable at least .
about halfway through our dinner , a group of 12-18 came in and sat in the middle of the room , nearest the ` stage ' area .
there were a few more couples who came in , and were seated , scattered throughout the front-stage area .
my girlfriend & i were enjoying a quiet , romantic dinner when all this ruckus came through the front door , but we did n't mind much .
more waitstaff surrounded the tables , no more noticeable ambient noise as the group 's chatter dominated the acoustics , and a belly-dancer entered stage right ... what a change .
the must 've been waiting for the evening rush or something because this happened almost on queue .
the staff tried to get everyone involved with dancing and singing and whatnot .
this was okay with me , but on that particular night i was not into it .
anyways , the food was fan-damn-tastic , and worth the price .
drinks were more than satisfactory .
the waitstaff was superb ; with their service & suggestions .
it was more than 2 months ago since this experience and i 'm very surprised i 've not been back for a follow-up visit .
great joint .

1
so , working right down the street from this place i 've been eyeballing it for weeks , waiting for a good time to strike ... well , that time finally came and i stopped in here for a pre-holiday lunch just a few weeks ago .
i have to brag on them , the food is utterly delicious !
i ordered the buffalo chicken crepe for lunch , and a first timer ( nutella with bananas ) crepe for dessert .
( yes , dessert with lunch .
it was almost christmas and i was treating myself ... do n't judge ! )
firstly , let me say that the buffalo chicken crepe was light and airy while the chicken was spicy and savory .
it was complemented by julienned carrots and crumbled blue cheese , which perfected it .
the first timer dessert crepe was like a warm hazelnut and chocolate banana party wrapped in a pillowy soft crepe ; amazingly good .
second , while it all tasted fabulous , the food * was * a bit on the high price for a lunch entree , especially considering that the crepes do n't come with any kind of side so really all you get for your money is a delicious crepe .
also it was a little bit slow in coming out , but still so yummy that i 'll easily forgive the wait .
( plus , as another reviewer perfectly stated , `` it 's not as though they are looking to dethrone mcdonald 's `` so keep that in mind when you are waiting for your food ... quality takes time , right ? )
i edited this to add that as far as pricing goes a miniature , mixed green salad served as a side with the savory crepes ( with a simple lemon and olive oil dressing ) would easily make me feel the value for the price had been leveled out and would cost very little to provide .
i do n't know if my waistline or my wallet can handle visiting the crepe bar too frequently , but i 'll definitely make it a point to come by as often as the diet and the budget will allow it !

1
they 've remodeled the park !
there are a lot more benches to sit at , including around the corner in the long run .
still best times to go are early morning til early afternoon ( before the 5pm rush hits ) .
still closed on weds for maintenance .
only downside is that they put down this red sand that will stain your interior , especially if your pup gets muddy paws .

1
i have been to this location a couple times and have always found really good deals on what i was looking for .
this last time i actually sold some books and the process was so easy ! !
i have found that the people that work there actually know about books and the authors !
amazing !
imagine that !
a bookstore where the people know about books !
how refreshing !
i 'll be back !

1
i heart postinos !
yes , the bruschetta is a-mazing !
in particular , the brie & apples with fig spread and ricotta with dates & pistachios .
the wine is delicious too .
i really like this location better than the arcadia one too .
the staff is friendlier and the people are much more chill and not pretentious .
love the mood lighting too !
it 's great for both a night out with girlfriends and date night with your honey .
have yet to check out the monday/tuesday $ 20 deal , hope to do that in the near future because i will be back for sure !

1
this place is a cozy little restaurant with some amazing food .
i went there in a large group and at the recommendation of waiter we are family style .
this was the best way to experience this place .
i got to sample so many dishes it was fabulous .
i still ca n't decide if the mango fish or the ginger beef was my favorite .
i definitely will have to go there again to decide .
the basil seed drink was great , a bit unexpected but delicious none the less .

1
great french pastry shop .
it mostly caters to breakfast & lunch crowd -- but recently started serving dinner wed-sat .
i 've never been for dinner , so my review is for day menu only .
the `` breakfast `` menu consist of pastries/croissants only ... if you want the typical american egg dishes , look under the lunch heading .
i 've had both their omelets and quiche 's -- which are wonderful !
also , the cafe mochas are not overly sweet ( a la starbucks ) but still tasty .
decor is semi-modern , but very laid back atmosphere .
go check it out : )

1
lucky lou 's is a tucked away bar and grill .
they have pretty good food there and drinks .
i 'm a big coors light guy and they didnt have that on tap , also there is no jukebox .
those were the 2 downfalls i had .
other then that its a nice place to hang and have some brewjas , we used to go there after shooting .
nice relaxing place .
i 've never had like a meal there .
i 've always gotten something small .
like quesadilla , or something like that .
pretty good appetizers .
.
overall pretty good .

1
i 've hovered around the bee 's knees nearly three years , capturing the art work of lalo cota , breeze marcus , jenny ignaszewski , benjy sakoia , jetsonorama and others gracing the walls of the place .
i 've started going inside now , and found an eclectic , artsy , fun retro boutique supporting local art .
ponder this .
local art wo n't go limp in your veggie drawer by next friday .
it wo n't be fleeting minutes of food truck bliss .
it puts your tastes on the wall or your body , maybe for decades , while helping local talent live their passion .
it 's another great way to shop local .

1
it 's loud , it 's crazy , it 's so fun ! ! !
i enjoy bowling but this is so much more .
we had some wine and a couple appetizers while i destroyed my wife in bowling ( snicker ) .
it 's a bit tough to get in so be sure to call first and make a reservation , if you can .
mostly good for the family .
i mean , there 's drinking , and semi-tightly-dressed waitresses and such but it 's really not too bad imho .
our waitress was new in town and we had all these great conversations about the area .
she made some perfect food suggestions and was super awesome in every way .
a great place to go , i promise !
if you can bring enough people with you to book both lanes in your little booth area , i would suggest that .
we shared our booth with this other group we did n't know and they were nice and all but kept making out with each other ( there were 3 couples ) right in front of our table .
of course , our table faced their lane .
a little off-putting but not enough to not come back .
next time though , we will book in advance and make sure to bring non-make-out-in-front-of-you type friends .
lol !

1
los olivos is an oldtown scottsdale landmark that serves up consistently good nuevo mexican fare .
ever since my introduction to phoenix , los olivos is one of the better spots for me to satisfy my mexican cravings .
everything i 've had here is great , particularly the cheese crisps and shredded beef tacos .
everything else is relatively standard , although i was let down by their chile rellano before , it ended up being far to greasy and soggy .
the other thing to note is that there 's not really any good reason to come for dinner , unless it 's unavoidable .
their lunch and dinner specials are nearly identical , yet lunch is about $ 3-5 cheaper per combination plate ... come for lunch , eat some chips and salsa , and enjoy !

1
per the website : `` in the english tradition , afternoon tea is served daily in the lobby tea court .
voted `` best afternoon tea `` by new times and arizona republic readers , full tea includes finger sandwiches , scones with devonshire cream and preserves , pastries and a selection of fine teas .
classical music provides a charming backdrop for a genteel afternoon break . ``
i experienced this exquisite outing for my birthday one year .
it was lovely and fun for a small group of women .
it was like playing tea ... but all grown up !
the thirsty camel lounge lends a relaxing atmosphere with panoramic views of phoenix and paradise valley .
the piano player plays soulful and sultry sounds in the backdrop .
i 'm drawn to this bar by the views and atmosphere , not by the service which can be spotty and often disappointing .
the golf is great !
its a competitive course with awesome views !
one of the most aesthetically pleasing in the area .
i personally enjoy mango towel man !
in the summer , this guy comes around with iced cold mango-scented towels .
he saved my butt when i played once in july .
yes , crazy i know !

1
just stopped in for the honey chicken lunch bowl , the sweet & spicy soup , with a carrot cake chaser for desert , all served by justin ... excellent ! !

1
first of all , the food is amazing here !
nice selection of beer , duh !
the only think i can complain about is my server last time took a while to warm up to us .
it was weird .

1
my cat ate one long 6 foot piece of ribbon ... yes , 6 feet .
needless to say she was not well .
after calling my regular vet ( which we no longer go to now ) and 10 other vet offices , no one would get us in right away to see her .
( i did take her to an emergency vet the night before , but they normally cost more than a day vet .
and this surgery was going to be a little expensive ) .
i called family vetcare and they told me to bring her in right away so dr. travis wodiske could look at her and the x-rays .
i took her in that same day and he performed emergency surgery shortly after she arrived .
he did an awesome job !
the ribbon ran from her stomach , through both intestines and down to her colon .
he made five internal incisions to get the ribbon out and stapled her back up .
she is fully recovered and back to her normal self .
i ca n't thank dr. travis wodiske and his staff enough for everything they did .
the entire staff is very caring and friendly .
erin ( sp ? )
was extremely helpful .
this is the vet we will be going to from now on .
i highly recommend them .

1
we signed up as new customers having just moved to the area .
i chose insectek simply because i knew i wanted regular service set up before we got a pest problem .
on yelp they had the most amount of reviews , the highest number of stars , plus a yelp deal that gave us some $ off our first visit .
now that it 's been a couple months , i can absolutely say that i 'm so grateful to have stumbled across them .
we 've had nothing but positive interactions with everyone .
.
from the initial person who has answered the phone to answer my questions , to the woman who calls us to confirm our appointment times to the person who actually comes to the house to service .
they are all so professional and friendly and have met all of our expectations .
we 're very happy customers with this company .
: )

1
i love happy hour !
3pm to 6pm everyday !
this place has one of , if not , the best ! ! !
$ 4 grilled chicken quesadillas , yes ! !
plus $ 4 or $ 5 for a mile high pile of green chile chicken nachos ?
yes ! ! !
and if you really want a treat ... $ 9 for 3 huge fillet mignon tacos .
plus cold beer both bottle and tap plus reasonable mixed drink prices .
place is friendly , bar plays classic rock , most patrons seem to be regulars ... once you eat there , you will be too !
friendly staff especially hostess judith and the young man with the red hair .
i 've been in the restaurant related business for 30 years , the prime phrase is consistancy and the food , atmosphere and friendly people are always consistant .
consistantly great .
the owner , andrew , always makes a point to great everybody .
new orleans bartender exudes southern hospitality .
regular menu is a bit pricey , portions could be larger , but food is great .

1
so my friend and i decided we were going to do the first friday artwalk downtown in phoenix this past weekend .
living in north scottsdale like we do , we do n't get a lot of opportunity to get down south so it sounded good .
apparently , tho .
.
we are not very arty as our artwalk consisted of walking in one bank building and the room in it with old pictures of phoenix on the walls and then we were done and ready for a cocktail .
.
hey , go with what you are good at i always say ! ! !
we started at copper blues and had a drink there first .
.
i had heard about the arrogant butcher and that was going to be ultimately our final destination .
btw .
.
copper blues is pretty darn young .
i hear that the bands are good later but at 7 pm .
.
not so much my style .
so anyway , we were in the city center but i swear we could not find the arrogant butcher .
we walked in four bars along the way trying to find it ... and the one on the roof was pretty cool .
when we finally got to the butcher , we sat at the bar and were immediately attended to by a very nice bartender .
my friend had been asking for some kind of liqueur that she got in europe when she lived there and not one of the bars that we entered had it but the butcher did !
made her night ... : ) we decided to eat light and ordered the pretzels with provolone fondue and the kale salad .
omg .
i could have eaten the entire bowl of pretzels with cheese myself .
screw the diet ! ! !
lol ... super tasty .
and i really liked the kale salad too .
.
i personally am not a fan of their salad at the quarter but this one was delish ... it had marconi almonds and an amazing dressing .
.
and it was $ 5 ? ? ?
and that was not a happy hour price ?
score !
btw , the bar can get pretty crowded because of its proximity to the arena ... a game let out and there was some nice eye candy walking around which was enjoyable ... so the whole trip was worth it ... even with seeing no art .

1
great middle eastern food .
i used to eat there with some friends from turkey and they all agreed that this was one of the best places in the valley .
i am huge fan of kafta and theirs is one of the best i have had .
the portions are huge and everything from the meat to the rice to the sauces are great .
the lentil soup is also a nice touch .

1
fantastic group of people !
they helped me with a loan and were the most responsive group of mortgage folks i have ever worked with !
they were so awesome that i moved in 2.5 weeks early .
thanks !

1
after reading all of the reviews that came before mine , i had pretty high expectations for ice tango ... i love tart flavors and i love frozen yogurt - i was pretty damn excited to finally make my way to nosco to check this place out .
i went with my friend dede at around 11am on a sunday ... we worked up an appetite at yoga , and when i told her that i 'd read amazing reviews about this place , and that it was supposedly similar to pinkberry , she just had to try it too .
we walked in and were impressed to see such a clean , colorful little store .
i had no idea that they would offer cereal and crepes in addition to their special yogurt with a ton of toppings to choose from .
david was working that day and dede drilled him on the nutrition information .
it 's all fat free and only 22 calories per ounce .
a small yogurt has approximately 130 calories before the toppings .
we tried the plain and pomegranate flavors and we both went with plain and added fresh fruit as a topper - yum !
ice tango is my new favorite place in the valley .
if it were closer to me , i 'd be there every day !
i almost drove 30 minutes out of my way to return to ice tango the next day ... i thought that was a bit crazy , so i am drooling sitting here thinking about my next visit .
if you like tart tasting yogurt , go pay david a visit at ice tango - you will not be disappointed !

1
amazing food .
every item in the buffet is worth it .
dosas are crispy and literally melt in your mouth .
if there is a place that i would eating everyday , this would be it !

1
if you are looking for the real deal in a `` cigar club `` environment , this is the place !
there are eight large screen televisions to watch .
on nfl sundays , all the games are up for viewing ... and get this `` tail gate parties `` ; some of the best sausage and peppers or cheeseburgers for your culinary experience , while smoking your favorite stogie .
a must for the aficionado .
get your own locker , or just drop in as a guest of the friendliest bunch of guys ( and gals ) you 'll meet in arizona .

1
owners are great people and they do a fantastic job of taking care of the customer .
my kids and i love their yogurt .
i always end up with the carob chips and chocolate .
very delicious !

1
i must update my first review of san tan .
after visiting many breweries in the state this is probably still my favorite local brewery .
first off i like that it 's in an old bank in downtown chandler .
i also like that they have garage style doors behind the bar so you can have fresh air inside .
2nd is the beer .
it 's amazing !
i think the negro nitrogen black ipa is one of my favorite beers of all time !
it 's like a cross of a ipa and a smooth stout .
i love this beer !
i also love their seasonal imperial red .
lately i have been buying the devils ale and hopshock ipa in cans for home .
i do n't think i have bought any other beer for a while .
there are many other beers here and i like most of them .
lastly the food is really really good .
especially their burgers .
they are stuffed with cheese and are amazing .
i wish i lived closer to san tan .
i 'm lucky my brother in law does live close though so i always attempt to come down here when i 'm visiting family .

1
the breakfast is so delicious !
amazing customer service and friendly staff .
they are very accommodating and always so polite .

1
this is my new favorite place to eat breakfast !
my fiance ' and i were on our way to get some breakfast burritos .
we zigged instead of zagged , saw a sign and turned in to try it .
yoli 's is cozy , with a great group of employees .
i had the hamsteak , country potatoes , and two eggs over medium .
the fiance ' had a chorizo and egg burrito , and we both had coffee .
both dishes were simple , but very good , to include the coffee .
the fiance ' let me have a bite of her burrito and it is definitely one of the best chorizo and egg burritos that i have ever had , and i have ate a lot of them .
the best part of all are their prices .
super cheap for the quality and quantity of food that you get .
before this morning , if my fiance ' and i wanted a light breakfast to start our sundays it would usually be either breakfast burritos from a taco shop or we would go to the coffee shop in gilbert .
now we have the quality of the coffee shop ( if not better ) , but without the high prices of the coffee shop .
i look forward to trying their skillets and biscuits and gravy .
if you are just now hearing about this place go a try it for yourself .
you will not be disappointed .

1
i found this business though living social on facebook ... i could not be happier to have found it .
although my waistline will disagree !
the owners are friendly and fun spirited .
the cupcakes are awesome ! ! !
i know , you 'll say ... it 's just cake .
not !
there cakes are amazing !
i went to another cupcake place ; one that was on the popular hit tv show cupcake wars and was really disappointed ... cupcakes were not cooked all the way and the frostings all tasted the same .
top it is kid friendly and clean ( until the kids get there ) and their flavors are off the hook !
i double dog dare you not to l ike their cupcakes .

1
sushi eye is quite the dazzler .
its small and amazing .
most sushi restaurants that your hear about are usually big and corporate looking .
this is sushi bar is tempe 's jewel for sushi .
also , sushi eye has created its own type and style of sushi .
most local restaurants in scottsdale have begun to copy it , so please when you get a chance .
try the real stuff at sushi eye

1
chicken tikka was fantastic .
cool atmosphere .
hard to find and no clearly marked entrance .
good beer selection and helpful wait staff .
would definitely go back again .

1
i have passed this location many times growing up in this city and never thought anything of the place behind circle k , put once again i can thank yelp for inspiration after reading a few reviews .
i love that these guys are open at 10 am since that is lunch time for me because i start my morning at 5am .
the salsa was fantastic ( always a good sign ) and the bean dip was alright but not my favorite .
i love that they have a huge menu of $ 6 lunch specials .
my waitress told me that the number 7 ( 2 chicken enchiladas ) was the most popular .
i had it with the sour cream and it was absolutely delicious .
the beans and rice were great also , i seen the wednesday and thursday specials that everyone was talking about and will have to check those out sometime soon .
the service was good for me but i was the first one there at 10am , i read a few of the negative reviews mentioning that but i enjoyed the experience .
i also thought the atmosphere was really clean and nice , actually was kind of surprised since reviews i read mentioned otherwise .
i do n't know what people expect but i was overly impressed with the whole experience .
there was even a flat screen tv and the posters on the wall were n't to much .
i will be back soon .

1
i am very happy with my purchase ! !
my husband and i had been looking for a sectional and we found it at decorum .
they were very helpful and patient .
the options were huge .
we will definitely be back when we 're ready to buy our dining set .
thanks bill .

1
not only is this still a great store , this location is my favorite .
i was recently in chandler and stopped at the dsw behind fashion square .
many of the styles i liked were out of my size and i was n't wowed by too much .
last night i checked out this store to see if they had more sizes in stock , and not only did they have more of my size but more inventory and a few different styles i had n't seen in chandler .
yay shoes ! !

1
i sit here , bored , reading reviews of places i want to go , and realized that i have n't reviewed tuck shop myself .
it 's monday , and the only thing i can think of is having dinner at tuck shop again .
but alas , they are closed on mondays !
argh !
regardless , visions of cheese curds dance in my head , and the smell and taste of the fragrant and fresh salads tickle my fancy still .
the service is unparalleled in the central phoenix area , parking is ample , and omg , the desserts are to die for .
if you want a treat , you have to dine here .
take your time and enjoy your servers recommendations and fine wine list .
you should n't be disappointed .

1
panera bread .
that 's what i thought of when i first walked in .
wildflower is to phoenix as panera is to oklahoma city , where i used to live .
yet , i was n't quite accurate with that .
you see , wildflower goes above and beyond your typical bread company/eatery .
sure , places like panera are great but wildflower is in a league of its own .
lucky for me , i knew what i wanted right away , which is unusual when i first encounter a new , exciting array of options .
i chose their chicken basil chili and 1/2 their roast beef & gorgonzola sandwich .
both were perfect - really .
the chili was festive without being overly filling , for the 1/2 sandwich was a generous portion of sourdough bread , fresh tomatoes , red onions , lettuce , peppers ( so good ! )
and gorgonzola cheese .
plus , their herb mayo was an added touch i could enjoy ( and i usually hate mayo ) .
my lunch companion ordered their black bean soup with a 1/2 turkey breast and brie sandwich .
it looked equally perfect , with huge slices of brie satisfying my cheese-lovin ' friend .
plus , the price for this pairing was reasonable - just under $ 8 .
my friend got a pretzel for us to share .
it was definitely good , not to mention one of the biggest pretzels i 've ever seen !
in fact , i do n't think there was anything i did n't like about this place .
when you walk in , you immediately see their vast selection of breads and sweets .
their menu is also diverse with a variety of options .
you could probably eat here every day of the week and find something new and delightful with each experience .
i say experience because that 's about what it is .
you order your food at the register and get a table marker to place on your table .
shortly after , your meal comes hot and lookin ' divine - really .
while this is a get-your-own-beverage place , you can enjoy some of the perks of being waited on , like your food being delivered with clean silverware , as well as your plate being cleared when you finish .
i like that alot .
then you can enjoy a few moments post-meal to chat with your comrad ( s ) .
in the middle of the restaurant is this over-sized beautiful light ( chandelier style ) that looks like roots sprouting flowers .
it 's something , alright .
i made the comment that i 'd have that in my house , if i owned one - a house , that is .
.
sure , that may be a bit over-the-top , but it 's indicative of how i felt while dining here for lunch .
granted , i give my companion some credit , for i always enjoy her company .
also , she 's the one who suggested we eat here .
for that , i owe her - perhaps i 'll spring for lunch next time ( great excuse to make a return visit ) .
good news !
i think i found my new favorite place to dine when i 'm craving soup , a gourmet sandwich or fresh salad .
they also serve breakfast , have a kids section of the menu and whip up some fantastic cafe beverages , including ones that tempted me : the roasted honey cappuccino and the peppermint hot cocoa .
i definitely need to make a repeat visit , try their different breads and indulge in their breakfast menu , which is served until 2 p.m. on weekends .
i mean , c'mon , can you really resist the roasted tomato feta & egg sandwich or the lemon ricotta pancakes ?
i did n't think so .

1
minimal wait time .
waitress was on top of her game .
keep checking on our drinks , kept bringing bread , and was friendly .
ordered fettuccini alfredo and it was cooked perfectly .
not too hot so i was able to eat as soon as i got my plate .
a bit pricey ( $ 15 ) but good service

1
this is one of the few traditional japanese places in phx .
it ranks as good as roka akor , but cheaper and more casual .
the decor is is nice and simple -- very traditional .
the food is very unique in that you are not getting your traditional bento box with salad , miso , and chicken teriyaki .
they have $ 5 tapas menu before 7 pm .
the lamb chop is amazing .
expect to spend about $ 50 + per person .

1
i went here with my foodie friends not expecting a whole lot .
i 'm not that into bbq .
but this place rocked my world .
unfortunately , it also caused me to gain a few pounds .
but it was totally worth it .
everything , from the ribs to the sides were sinfully delicious .
i ca n't think of anything to improve on at this place .

1
i 've never really had a pest control company that i was impressed by .
titan is great .
request robert if he 's available .
very friendly and goes above and beyond when he sprays .

1
everyone knows that tony soprano did n't die , hbo merely made the ending ambiguous so that america would be shielded from the awful truth that he was planning to move away from the east coast to none other than scottsdale , arizona .
why you ask ?
because where else can you carry on business dealings in a strip joint , be involved in `` waste management `` , act out of control all the time , philander , defraud the government ... and fit right in ?
but for he and many other recent transplants from jersey , the truth is part of scottsdale 's allure rests with places like defalco 's italian grocery .
sitting in a worn strip mall in an older section of town , the scene almost evokes a little hint of the garden state .
however , the good news is that i 've never seen anyone whacked in the spacious parking lot ... or wearing a members only jacket for that matter .
upon entering , there 's a claustrophobic sensation as you see the grocery aisles creating a slightly labyrinthine path to the deli counters , which are separate based on ordering prepared or raw food .
upon reaching the prepared food aisle , you 'll invariably see a microcosm of scottsdale , ranging from senior citizens to high schools girls using platinum cards to buy lunch for the whole family .
( luckily though , no sign of carmine gotti just yet . )
the menu ?
it 's a pageant of sumptuous meats and cheeses , and they even offer i-talian soda to go with .
it 's so good , you might think like many a famous eatery it 's a front for the local outfit .
while i do n't believe that to be true ... ( it is arizona after all ) the owners certainly make purists and old school italian food fans happy with its inclusion of more traditional meat choices like capacollo .
the food also will seem dry , but that 's only because they are careful not to drown out the meat 's character with too much mayo or other condiments .
some may not like it .
price-wise , this place is pretty much a steal .
it 's a shade more expensive than subway , but not much more-so .
but as scottsdale goes , it 's almost unbeatable .
they also accept plastic and have a loyalty card , so as you can imagine , you 'll want to come back often if you know what is good for you .
since it 's a deli , there 's no waitstaff .
still , service is total class .
people are friendly , and professional so that it still feels family-owned and not corporate .
the tables are usually clean in the seating area , and spaced evenly enough that you wo n't feel like someone just broke your legs .
but then there is the one detraction to this place : the supposedly endless wait for your order .
i 've never been on a weekday , but weekends i have found are pretty manageable .
for some people it wo n't be like jack-in-the-box , but if you order ahead you should avoid some of the hassle .
of course , part of the allure going to an italian restaurant in the cultural attitude about savoring life , food and a slower pace than our anglo-saxon roots ultimately prefer .
unless , that is , you have reservations to buca di beppo ... but that 's another story entirely .

1
i love love love `` the pasty `` , as my bff and i call it !
met my boyfriend there at the bar !
love the leek and potato soup with the bread and butter !
love !
and the service is always excellent !

1
the smoothies are fantastic and the cashiers are very helpful and friendly .
i suggest the pina colada with added strawberry ( a favorite suggested by one of the girls the first time i went ) .
anytime i want a smoothie , i know where to go .

1
i have been going here for luch for the last 25 years .
the super sicilian is the best sub in town - bar none .
parking is a challenge but worth the hassle .
people are friendly and the ingredients are of the highest quality .
read the posters while you are there .
the newpaper from d-day is a great piece of history .

1
all i wanted was a freaking awesome tasting burger and that is what i got !
i also ordered the homemade potato chips and did not want to share it with anybody .
they tasted so good .
the service was awesome .
love the free peanuts and bread while you wait for your meal .
what a clever idea .

1
i went to this vet for a second opinion regarding some lab results for my dog i received at another clinic .
i felt i was given a very objective , fact-based opinion , along with a few reasonable options for how to proceed .
a conservative , progressive approach was laid out that considers cost , emotion , and what impact it will have on my dog .
i like to be educated and to consider multiple options before being pressured to `` sign here . ``
at the other clinic , i felt scared , like i was being sold , and was read text from a website .
i 'll be following up here in a couple of weeks and if my experience is just as good this time , i 'll move the care for both of my dogs to here .
there is a very courteous , friendly , open , professional vibe here .

1
i was so impressed with crudo !
the quality of the ingredients is absolutely top-notch , the combinations of flavors are very innovative and the atmosphere is very cool .
my initial concern was that the portion sizes may be too small for my husband , who refers to those places that serve a tiny portion on a huge dish as `` foo-foo . ``
but crudo is certainly not a `` foo-foo `` restaurant .
the portions were perfect and absolutely worth the price .
we also appreciated that not all the dishes were truly `` crudo . ``
i enjoy the raw food thing , but i know not all guys are into it .
the squid ink risotto was absolutely one of our favorite .
i thought the presentation and the flavors where excellent

1
this place is absolutely amazing .
the flavors are to die for .
if you see this place around ( its mobile ) i definitely recommend grabbing a cup .
they let you sample to find the perfect flavor and they will let you mix which is good because when i try them i 'd like to take a huge cup of all of them .
last trip to the lulu stand was at the rave run and i had coconut/mango/orange ... and it was so good .
if i have money and this place is around ... i know where my cash is going to .

1
stopped by for lunch with my grandmother .
i 'm soooo glad i chose to come here .
$ 10 for a drink , onion rings and burger .
guacamole and garlic on my burger ? !
yes please ! !
oh and the onion rings are awesome ! !
try the desert pear lemonade , it 's fantastic .
i will definitely be coming back !

1
this is a great dental office !
i used to see a dentist who was a drill first , ask questions later kinda guy .
dr. sperbeck is a conservative dentist .
what i mean by that is he watches questionable areas on your teeth before taking action .
he only suggests fillings if he sees growth over time .
the hygienists are great at what they do .
if you are looking to change dentists or if you are new in the area , come see dr. sperbeck .
your teeth will thank you .

1
yum !
just enjoyed a fabulous casual dinner at grassroots and i am looking forward to my next visit .
great neighborhood atmosphere , the food was fresh and prepared to perfection and the service was spot on .
the proprietor stopped by the table a couple of times to check on things .
for a restaurant that has been open only a month - the place nailed it !
better get in now to enjoy dinner , before you 're unable to get in without a wait .

1
this is the best barber shop i 've been to in decades .
eddie is a damn maestro , i 'm tellin ' ya .
just finished my first visit and i 'm sold for life .
it 's the real deal .
i 'm not a 5 star poster , usually , but this place is worthy .

1
another hit by chris bianco .
restaurant has a great atmosphere .
food was delicious .
from the awesome bread to the dessert .
i had homemade fettuccine with bolognese sauce .
perfectly cooked pasta and very tasty .
love scooping up that sauce with the bread .
my wife had the braciole .
again , cooked to perfection and melts in your mouth .
ca n't wait to go back and try other items on the menu .

1
this is by far the best sports bar food i 've ever had .
here 's what i highly recommend : - cheeseburgers : however you want it , they are excellent .
- the monaco : one of the most popular items on the menu ( just know though , these can be inconsistent .
sometimes you get an amazing one , sometimes it is poor ) .
- golden chicken wings : they have the best wings in town i think and if you ask for them `` golden `` they are even better .
- chicken strips tossed in wing sauce - cookie skillet for dessert .
not the best i 've ever had ( oragano 's has a better one ) , but it is good and huge !
it 's about twice the size of oregano 's .
great atmosphere and great place to get together with friends to watch the game .
the happy hour and reverse happy hour specials are very good for both food and drinks .
here 's another tip : when they ask if you want fries or onion rings as a side , you can also do a 50/50 split .
both the fries and onion rings are worth trying .

1
i love conspire for a multitude of reasons , first john sagasta makes a mean cup of coffee .
second i love that there are many local artists featured , i bought my sister a one of a kind vase as her wedding present .
it was so beautiful and perfect !
third i really like that you can get one of a kind clothing as well .
lastly they are always having special events like poetry night or kickball games .
very cool !

1
early nye warmup - sat at the bar and had the best tapas ever ( sugar cane pork , gyozas , fried tofu ) .
because it was happy hour , our drinks were cheap and tapas were $ 5 - super deal .
our bartender , mr. bill ( guillermo ) was the tits .

1
finally ! ! !
downtown has a flagship restaurant .
there are many fantastic restaurants downtown , do n't get me wrong , but to me , the arrogant butcher now reigns supreme .
the service was attentive and friendly , and they all looked sharp in their white shirts and skinny black ties .
i 'm a fan of fox 's other restaurants and have always been impressed with the food .
i had toast , which was some kind of bread from heaven covered in brie and apples and something else delicious .
then for 6 bucks i got a beer and a shot of jim beam .
best happy hour downtown ? ?
i think so .
the location could n't be better .
the patio is a fantastic addition to downtown streets .
now the city needs to develop those hideous empty lots across the street .
inside is open and airy with some areas for private parties and a huge bar .
i could go on and on about how awesome the arrogant butcher is .
( how i love the name ! ! )
it 's modern , masculine , urban , unique , and such a welcome addition to downtown phoenix .

1
literally best cappucino i have had in ages ... hands down .
.
the guy who made my cap knows what he was doing and had some fun art .
.
it was a heart though , wonder if he is telling me something haha

1
if you like beer , wine , art and music , in a unique atmosphere and friendly location , then this is the place for you .

1
i have only been coming here a short while but can already tell the studio is great !
it is very clean and thoughtfully designed .
all of the instructors have been very encouraging and have a good presence in the studio .
i appreciate that this studio offers a variety of classes , including 60 minute classes in addition to the traditional 90 min class .
the class schedule is designed to allow enough time for students to arrive early and relax afterwards without ever feeling rushed .
i recommend this studio for anyone new to yoga as well as those who have been practicing for years .

1
update : i went back for dinner and was equally impressed .
i had fish with some sort of sweet glaze and sauteed mushrooms .
it was out of this world .
really really good .
i splurged and went for dessert as well .
oh my god , everything was perfect .
service was excellent .
fox hit this one out of the park .

1
they open the doors for you when you walk in .
more polite than most of your ex-boyfriends i 'm sure .
yes , it might feel a little bit like sorority rush when you walk in , everyone smiling and at least 5 `` hi ! !
welcome to fox and hound ! !
`` s. .
.
but you 'll like it , and dammit , you 'll want to pledge the house of hound .
i 'm getting off track .
fox and hound has a bar/restaurant feel so you can go for lunch , which is my fav , or for dinner and drinks happy hour style .
for every 5 lunches you buy , you get your 6th one free -- what a deal !
especially since usually you have to buy 20 bagel sandwhiches to get a free dog bagel or something at the place up the street .
are you following me ?
the menu is nicely priced , you can fill ` er up for about $ 10 for lunch and $ 12 - $ 15 for dinner if youre not having drinks .
american bar food is the cuisine -- chicken fingers , burgers , salads ... the occasional comfort food when they pretend to have an irish pub feel .
we 've always had great service there ... waitstaff is friendly and the manager always comes by to say hello and be sure things were good .
if youre down near baseline and cooper ( stapley ) , drop in to see our friends at f & h .

1
found a new favorite .
the carne asada nachos .
loaded with meat , cheese , sour cream and chips .
i assume they come with guac too but i forgo that part .
be sure to get pico with it .
the kids said the bean burritos were not as good as before .
but said the tacos were yummy .
david may be on to something .

1
`` common food done uncommonly well `` is their motto , and i think it fits perfectly .
you 'll find a lot of typical american fare , but each prepared with a special twist , such as the buttermilk pancakes with applewood-smoked bacon and bleu cheese .
you 'll also find many unique menu items such as the fontina burger , which is made with roasted red pepper , grilled mushrooms , arugula , pesto and fontina cheese .
whatever you decide on , you can be sure it will be expertly prepared and very tasty .
some of my favorites are the breakfast tacos , bbq chicken pizza , onion rings , sweet potato fries , any of the salads , and the malts .
some other really cool things to note about joe 's farm grill are that much of the produce is grown in agritopia right next to the restaurant .
you 'll find many seasonal items are from the farm as well .
also , the building itself was the home that joe johnston grew up in .
it has been remodeled quite a bit , but the original walls and even fireplace remain .
if you 've never been , you must give it a try !

1
in the past i have always stopped by my neighborhood aj 's for my floral needs .
however , when i needed flowers for a recent dinner party i ordered from brady 's floral gallery at the phoenician resort and was blown away with the flowers i received .
it is no wonder brady 's was the florist that was used for president obama 's recent visit and for a royal family from the middle east that had extended stay in the valley of the sun .
from the time my order was placed , until the finished product was delivered , i was treated by the owners , tim and lorraine , as if i were royalty .
such service !
absolutely amazing !
my guests were all asking , `` who did your flowers ? ``
there is n't a better compliment than that !
i will continue to buy my groceries at aj 's ... but from now on i 'll be calling brady 's floral gallery for all my floral needs .

1
this is the most amazing gelato we have ever had !
the customer service was warm and welcoming and the flavors are out of this world !
enjoy some delicious gelato and then wander over to the italian grocery store for some imported meats , cheese , and pasta .

1
i love this place .
no , i mean i really love this place !
a lot ! ! ! !
so much in fact , that before their convection oven broke , i used to go there just for jalapeno poppers and chicken strips at the drop of a hat .
warning !
it 's a dive bar .
meaning that you might see duct tape , maybe plywood , perhaps some water damage on the ceiling .
what makes up for that are the great bartenders .
not to mention the inexpensive drinks , the huge selection of top shelf liquor , the bajillion pool tables , the decent juke box , and the fact that if it 's not packed , the bartender will even let you watch pretty much whatever you want on the tv behind the bar .
i love this place so much , i almost joined a pool league !

1
such a cool , cozy place to hang out with friends and have some drinks .
they 're food is rather tasty and the staff is super hip with a bit of a ` tude .
we ordered the loaded chips as an appetizer and i could n't pry myself away from them .
they were too die for !
i ordered the crab cake blt with a side of mac n ' cheese and it did not disappoint .
someone at the table had a side of charlie potatoes and they blew me away .
they are pretty much handmade au grautin cheesey potatoes and they are the tastiest things i have ever had in my life .

1
this place has the best fried rice , egg rolls , pot stickers .
i 'm half filipino and have had my share of these types of dishes .
i tried the pho for the first time here and found it very tasty , however i was not told about the different sauces you can add , and kinda went over board .
i plan to try some of the variety of pho they have to offer .
be sure to stick around every wednesday , thursday and most friday 's for the karaoke , the song list is the best , the hosts are a lot of fun , and they even play some of the most current songs in between singers .
the staff , makes it a fun place to eat , drink and be entertained , thanks matt , nick , jason , ben , linda , terry , all the kitchen personnel and of course victor the owner .

1
i can only rate their thai lunch to go .
we 've picked up lunch from here half a dozen times and it 's always spot on .
i 've requested substitutions , always called during their lunch rush and ordered at least two different entrees .
the spiciness level is accurate , the vegetables are cooked perfectly , there is always a large portion of food and it 's always tasty .
they do the little things that makes a difference like taping down the lid to my soup so it does n't end up all over my car and having it ready every time i show up .
this will continue to be a staple for our lunch time cravings .

1
agree with previous author !
the water is everything .
if you can not drink az tap water you can not expect to make delicious food with it .
anyway being a huge pizza snob this pizza is unbelievable and it 's made in a rustic uncomplicated style with minimal ingredients allowing each one of them to shine .
its actually real pizza made the way its supposed to be .
nypd is also delicious but their style is more new york , less italy .
i 've been to all locations and san tan is probably the best in terms of service and food quality .
in those areas they get 110 % , the layout is also great .
i think when they built this location , they did not anticipate such popularity as it fills up quickly and the wait-time can be lengthy ( but worth it ) .
if you feel it is worth the drive you can probably be seated immediately in chandler/ocotillo as it is very large and pretty but lacks in the little things such as professional service and ambiance but if you 're looking to get in and out , it is fine .
one more very important thing , they support essential non-profit organizations through charity events .
last year they showed their support for the gilbert boys and girls club by donating 100 % of all sales from the event .
it turned out to be a huge and generous donation .
i will always support a business who believes in supporting others .

1
great place .
service was prompt and courteous .
the food could be considered a little on the spicy side ( for the novices ) but for those with a trained palate , it was delicious .
all you need to bring is your appetite .
ca n't wait to go back .

1
i just bought a used mini cooper s and a friend told me to visit eurotechs for great service and prices with dealer quality repairs .
he could n't have been more right .
the topper is the customer service you get from jerry , the owner .
something that is too often overlooked these days , he seems to treat each customer the way he 'd like to be treated .
honest , knowledgeable and a plain ol ' nice guy .
i highly recommend eurotechs to anyone looking for quality work , great prices and an enjoyable experience .
let 's help keep local businesses like this alive and flourishing .

1
this dunkin donuts just opened a few weeks ago , and man , what a nice addition this has been ?
their move in here is great , because it 's finally nice to have some coffee , donuts and bagels in this complex for once .
the place itself is located at the end of the strip mall , visible from the road .
there 's a walk up window , with outside seating , and plenty of space inside .
it 's a nice sized suite , with a full dunkin donuts menu .
bagels , donuts , muffins , coffee and a few sandwiches as well .
my coworkers and i have eaten here a few times , and we love it !
awesome coffee which keeps us coming back , along with all the tasty pastries .
service here is great , and the gals are friendly .
will be back in the future for more awesome tasting coffee and muffins !

1
delicious , unique , great location , vegetarian options , affordable .
what more do you want ?
you get to pick the broth you want and they do have a vegetarian broth .
then there are a variety of vegetables , noodles , egg , tofu .
.
etc . .
you get to pick the ingredients you want and the spice level .
it was hot and flavorful and satisfying .
i will definitely be going back .
service was good and owner came over to speak with us - very enthusiastic about the business and upcoming additions to the menu .

1
great customer service ! !
as soon as i entered the store , a clerk greeted me and asked if she could help .
i told her that i needed some moving boxes .
the service manager overheard me and walked me all the way to where the boxes were instead of just pointing me in a direction .
i picked out a few boxes and realized that they were too big for the cart .
as i was struggling to put them in my cart , another associate appeared and offered to take the boxes for me to the checkout counter and they would hold them for me there while i shopped for other things .
i was really impressed by the customer service i received at this store .
lowes , you made my day !

1
the best !
dr. walker is by far the most gentle dentist i have visited .
not only is she great with adult patients , but she was so great with my 4 year old daughter .
she makes visiting the dentist a very good experience .

1
i do n't drink but my friends do however i really dig this place .
i went last night for the second time and enjoyed my visit .
i sat outside with some friends as they drank wine from a very large menu to choose from .
there is a variety of food to choose from to compliment the wine or for those who feel like eat a good meal .
our table started off with some cheeses and salmon .
along with some fresh burchetta that is by far the best i have tasted in a long time .
this is a great place to hang out for hours and chat with friends while drinking a glass of wine .

1
awesome mexican food and great value .

1
what an awesome experience ! ! !
my so and i went on a saturday night ( same day appt ) for reflexology .
we arrived a little early and were taken right away .
i 've had reflexology before , it was my so 's first time .
the reclining ` beds ' were very comfortable and the room was nicely set up .
the treatments themselves were just outstanding .
a whole body and mind experience ... golden feet will become a regular part of our whole body wellness ! !
only thing that would be really nice is a room where you could sit with your water and get yourself back to earth .

1
this rita 's is becoming one of my favorite places to come for a treat !
amazingly friendly staff and yummy treats !
can you get better than that ! ? !
i only wish that the ice was n't so sweet .
my kids love , but every time i find myself wishing it was n't so sweet .

1
definitely one of our favorite restaurants .
the gyros are the best !

1
i am a junkie for lily 's lashes .
depending on your schedule , she can do your lashes at boutique solie or a home visit .
a full fill takes about 1.5 hours and they will look amazing .
they really transform your face .
lily 's prices are so reasonable compared to other places .
fills are $ 50 and most of the time last me 5 weeks .

1
the meal here was amazing .
each dish that was brought out was better than the previous .
my boyfriend and i easily claim our dinner at little cleo 's one of the best in the valley .
i ca n't wait to come back .
the brocollini vegetable side dish and the hush puppies were ridiculous .
the tuna steak was amazing as well , and the pumpkin fritters were for sure the best way to end a truly delicious meal !

1
incroyable !
you will love the food , the ambiance and most of all the people !
it is one of those hidden treasures right on the `` rue `` for great dining outdoors or in and valerie and faby make you feel like you are the only guests and being served in their home !
what a great combination for a truly joyous cuisine experience .
it 's a five star at every level -- body , mind and soul !
thank you again valerie and faby !
dr. molly o'shea and family ps we hear that greg is great too , just did not get to meet him !

1
i love this place !
awesome hip clothing and jewelry and very unique gifts .
( think standing swarovski ( sp ) crystal covered standing champagne bucket , with initial of choice ) they have the best selection of skull jewelry ( which i 'm addicted too ) and more jeans than the law allows , their buyer and owner are two of the coolest chicks around .

1
we just went for happy hour - great drinks , nice decor and very friendly bar staff .
the mai tai and suffering bastard are both killer and our bartender kept giving us tastes of other drinks too .
only slight downside is that one of the happy hour apps were curried chicken wings that just smelled awful whenever anyone near us got an order of them .

1
there 's nothing better than a bunch of spunky vegetarian restaurant people .
so , the people were great and helpful when it came to my first-timer questions about what to order ( vegan gyro , singapore noodles ) for the hubs and me , and plain lo mein noodles for the kiddo .
my concern always about a serious vegetarian place is that they skew snobby , rather than populist and happy .
green is the latter .
go green - nice work !
ps : yes the food is awesome .
just eat here , even if you like meat .

1
awesome service .
try the beef chow fun and spicy garlic green beans , they are amazing .

1
the fish ball noodle soup and sour vege with beef is super tasty here .
definitely very traditional .

1
i love this store !
i went through it item by item when i was on an extended visit from seattle last summer and told them i felt like having furniture shipped home .
i am now going to re-locate in the phoenix area and rather than haul all my furniture down , i am going to re-create my world via this store !
beautiful things that do not look used and good prices !
if you are looking for junk do not shop here , lol ! !
thank you for your existence ! !

1
love the helpful staff

1
first off , i have to admit , i 'm not the biggest fan of breakfast food ... but this place could change my mind .
when we walked up , there were a bunch of people outside , we thought the wait would be forever , but it actually went rather quickly .
once inside , its very simple , i liked that ... after , its supposed to be an old farmhouse .
my wife had an omelet which she said was very good .
we split the bread basket , the cinnamon roll was very good , the biscuits were amazing , and i probably would have enjoyed the muffin more if it we rent for the poppy seeds .
i also ordered a side of biscuits and gravy .
again , the biscuits , very tasty ... i got the chipped beef gravy , good , i think next time i will order the sausage , but the gravy itself was so good , it did n't need any meat at all .
our waitress was great , very friendly .

1
okay i have been here three times now and i have to change my rating for 4 to 5 stars .
this place has become one of my all time fav 's ... i just love everything about it .
.
the ambiance , variety and presentation of food , service ( much better since 1st chick i had ) .
.
errythang ! !
: ) * two thumbs up like ebert and roeper **

1
outstanding event .
the weather was great this year .

1
amazing ... let me start off with that .
so i originally made reservations to ruth 's chris for my boyfriend 's birthday dinner but i saw the menu for capital grille and immediately changed my mind and i 'm so glad i did .
i made reservations on their website and mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday .
when we got there , the host and manager both greeted us and were very professional , wishes my boyfriend a happy birthday .
they let us sit at the bar for drinks before we sat down to dinner since the table was n't ready yet .
when we got to the table , there was a card signed by all the staff , happy birthday confetti that lined down the table it was wonderful .
the atmosphere was very welcoming , it was dim and very elegant but not overly done which i liked .
the bread they provided was warm and delicious .
we ordered the calamari for appetizer and let me just say ... if you love calamari , this is it right here ! ! !
its perfectly seasoned , breaded and crispy , and its mixed with banana peppers and tomato which give it a nice kick and some jazz .
loved it loved it lovvvvved it !
we then shared the porterhouse steak 28oz and it was delicious and perfectly cooked , a little colder than i would like it but at least they cooked it right .
we also ordered the lobster mac and cheese and paramasean truffle fries as our sides .
way too much food for the both of us , we had to take half the steak , most of the mac and cheese and fries home but they were all delicious .
the service was amazing , our server was on point and very good , she knew the menu really well and explained everything to us .
the overall experience was a 10 .
after our meal , the server came out with a slice of chocolate mousse cake with a lit candle for my boyfriend and it was on the house !
they are so generous .
i 'm a food junkie and i love food and this is by far my favorite , quality , restaurant .

1
-lsb- my experience as a seller -rsb- they bought a few of my designer dresses -- that i originally bought dirt -- paid me almost 3x as much i bought them for ! !
( holla ) .
sold some jeans too - did n't get as much as i would have liked .
overall great experience !

1
i love trader joe 's !
i shop there almost exclusively and will drive 15 minutes out of my way to get my fix .
i like that they offer healthy options at such reasonable prices , such as cage free eggs , ezekial gluten free bread and fresh produce .
just better quality products all around , in my opinion .
they also sell a variety of delicious pre-made salads ranging from $ 3-5 that are surprisingly filling .
my favorite is one with israeli couscous and a spicy pimento dressing .
yum .
staff is super friendly too .
: )

1
first time visiting and everyone was very friendly .
one employee walked me through each of the options and let me try everything before .
i definitely recommend this place for lunch in tempe !

1
okay , i am definitely a konavore .
i go here at least 3 times a month for happy hour and it never disappoints .
last night was my birthday , so to celebrate we went ( sans kids ! ! ! ! ! )
to happy hour .
we had the fiery shrimp and california roll , calamari , avocado roll , and vegetarian roll as well as a few ladies margaritas and kirins .
the service is always top notch and the food delicious .
getting a table is another matter , but we always seem to luck out .
though my husband hates standing over people waiting for them to leave : - )

1
the super seafood combo is soo good : d

1
hands down my favorite italian restaurant !
the lunch menu is priced not to break the bank and the food is fantastic , the high-standards music they play and all the `` rat pack `` era memoribilia is great .
if you like home styled mom & pop italian food look no further .

1
great company .
it 's nice when a local company understands the importance of supporting local community groups .
thanks for all you do .

1
okay , first off let me say that i am going to dream about those refeshing wine coolers until i can make it back to phoenix .
service was great .
the music and environment were right up my alley .
i had the burrata and olive oil appetizer and some pizza with dates and augula .
everything was fantastic !
i believe this is by the same restaurant group that provided us with postino .
with that being said , you should already know that you will love this place .

1
purchased my daughters bike here , the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her .
thanks cool people at s.c

1
i highly recommend greg and his staff at british auto .
they have taken great care of our cars over the years .
they have always been more than willing to go out of their way to explain the work and associated cost of the repairs .
unlike the dealers , when there is a problem , they do not go and replace every single part that could be remotely related to the problem at great expense .
they actually take the time to identify the problem and correct it .
i know i have literally saved thousands of dollars compared to what i used to spend elsewhere .
that being said , jaguars are still complex vehicles that are not inexpensive to maintain .
unfortunately some people do n't understand this , complain and probably should be driving an old toyota instead of a jag

1
best joint in the terminal .
atmosphere : the ambience of a high end downtown bar with very comfortable lounge style seating .
service : friendly , attentative and goes over ingredients to verify we 're okay .
food : top notch for an airport restaurant , could do very well as a stand alone in the city .
the barfly burger tastes very similar to an in-n-out burger .
fries are crispy and just as tasty .
menu & pricing : limited to sliders , salads and burgers ranging from $ 9 - $ 13 .
very few cocktails and beer as well .

1
you ca n't beat the lunch deals .
15 different options and they are all good .
most are $ 6.25 as of this review .
the lunch specials come with a really yummy chicken soup with ginger and a egg roll .
both are good .
it is sometimes tough to get a group of 6 or more a table at peak lunch time ( 11:45 ) .
if you have a big group get there by 11:15 or come after 12:15 .
i have n't been there for dinner .

1
guys do great work and extremely flexible with their hours .
they met met at 4 pm on a sunday for the tint , which no other place could do as they work out of their own garage .
had a little bubbling on one of the windows and they replaced it no questions asked .
would recommend them to a friend no doubt .

1
i love this place !
i 've already been here several times and have never been disappointed !
the food is always super fresh and delicious !
the gyro salad is awesome !
lots of fresh veggies , gyro and feta !
definitely enough to fill me up and then some ! i know i should n't do it but if i have salad i figure what the heck , bring on the fries and baklava ! !
so worth the fat and calories !
; ) yum ! ! !
of course free drink refills always make me happy so i 'm glad that is available .
as many of the other yelpers said ( and i would sincerely agree ) , the owners are so nice and happy to accommodate special requests !
we will definitely be going back ! !

1
` pomo is the real deal .
the vpn certification is proudly displayed , and the pies adhere strictly to its requirements .
passing through the dining room , i stopped to take a picture of the gorgeous red-tiled wood-fired oven .
the master pizzaiolo in charge that night , fabio , invited me over to get a closer look , and preached to this choir about the virtues and perfection of neapolitan pizzas .
the dop margherita was sublime , and the pizza bianco was absolutely wonderful , with fresh mozzarella , prosciutto , enhanced by the nuttiness of shaved parmigiano reggiano on top .
fabio sent over a sample of a wonderful dip of fresh and roasted garlic with a mild heat from red-pepper infused olive oil .
this was beyond excellent , a great topping & super way to finish off the pizza crust .
our service was swift and knowledgable , and kids are not only welcome , but easily accommodated .
we dined al fresco in february - a rare treat for a buffalonian .
dessert consisted of a deliciously decadent nutella cake , and fabio sent over a lemoncello nightcap that had a creamy consistency not unlike an orange julius - a flavor and consistency that i now feel compelled to seek out .

1
great

1
i have a soft spot for ace because they are not these huge warehouse tool stores .
conveniently located , great layout and friendly service .
i get personal service without having to search for employees .
great deals here and just the wonderful small business feel to it .

1
the beer !
seriously though , the fucking beer !
they have a bar in this wf and they also have a sommelier , but for beer .
his name is james and he rocks .
they have a beer flight tasting every friday night for $ 5 plus lots of htf beers .

1
visiting from sf and this was close to my hotel .
reservations are recommended .
we got there at 7pm on a saturday , they estimated that we would n't be seated before 9:30 .
we lucked out with seating at the bar , full menu .
service was friendly and attentive .
very foodie friendly ! !
unusual flavor combinations -- bacon pecan brittle , candied olives -- made the meal a bit adventurous .
i had the ahi tuna antipasto and mini mushroom fry .
the ahi had a great peppery crust , served very rare with caper berries and green olives .
as a portion , this could easily be a light dinner .
the mini mushroom fry was quite decadent .
the rich and creamy sauce has a spicy bite and is best sopped up with some of their crusty ciabatta .
one item on the dessert menu immediately jumped out at me - chevre cheesecake ! !
it was an incredible combination of sweet and savory , the candied olives only made it that much better .
a delicious espresso topped off the meal .
i 'd definitely go again .

1
we 've been to zinburger numerous times and i thought i 'd update my review .
i absolutely love their kobe burger but finally forced myself to try something different .
one particular week , i had my fair share of beef so i decided to try their turkey burger .
it was n't the usual one on the menu but was a thanksgiving special .
this burger was exactly the thanksgiving turkey burger you would imagine - moist turkey burger , cranberry sauce , and stuffing - fantastic .
i was so disappointed they only serve it around thanksgiving .
after delighting in my usual kobe burger again for a while , i tried their regular turkey burger and it , too , is tasty ( especially with mushrooms ) .
but the burger with the stuffing and cranberry sauce is something i 'm going to indulge in again next thanksgiving and , being a foodie , i ca n't wait .

1
this place is amazing love every stylist that works here ive never had a bad cut or color service ill recommend it to anybody keep up the great work ladies

1
eddie v 's recently began offering ` all night happy hour ' .
this is a beautiful thing for someone like me who typically does n't leave the office in time to get anywhere before most hhs end .
hey , the desk-bound want happy discounted stuff too ! !
i started the week off right on monday by meeting a friend at the end of the day for hh .
great decision !
the bar/lounge area is nicely appointed and even had live music from a jazz trio .
over glasses of pinot noir we enjoyed items from both the hh and regular menus : wedge salad - a nice portion of cool lettuce , topped with decadent bleu cheese crumbles and heirloom tomatoes .
our waiter even split it for us , just to keep things fair .
crab cake - this is fantastic .
it is easily the circumference of a softball and bursting with crab .
just crab - no chintzy filler to affect the flavor or texture .
priced nicely for hh and delightful when paired with the remoulade sauce .
i save the best for last ... truffled mac n cheese .
let me say this one more time - truffled mac n cheese .
best .
thing .
ever .
this is really beyond description , but i will try .
a perfectly-executed combination of pasta , zesty cheeses , truffle oil and truffles too !
do n't forget the all-important ` crust ' of cheese on top .
aaaaaaagh !
under my facade as a responsible grownup , there lies a 5-year-old who counts mac n cheese as one of my favorite things .
if this is the last one i ever taste , i will be happy .
ok , i will admit it .
we went back on friday , too ... primarily for the mac n cheese .
really .

1
love love love this nail salon !
all the nail techs are so nice and always very friendly .
prices are reasonable and would recommend this place to anyone !

1
cph is amazing !
we have never had a bad meal there .
we have tried a few of their salads , including the chopped , fernet steak , and local field greens , all if which were good .
we also tried the pork belly pastrami appetizer , which they have received numerous reviews on , and it was delicious .
my husband loves the short ribs in the coffee rub .
my absolute favorite is the scallops .
they are fresh and cooked properly , and are paired with some wilted greens , corn grits and a cola gastrique sauce .
the whole combination is amazing !
we are normally stuffed , so have only tried dessert once , but it was incredible as well .
we ordered the apple pie in a cheddar cheese crust , and it was by far the best apple pie i have ever tried .
we love citizen public house and will continue to call it one of our favorite restaurants in the phoenix area !

1
i love la condesa .
what more do i need to say ?
the salsa bar is amazing !
i really like their carne asada .
they do but beans in the burrito , which , at first i was n't sure how i 'd feel about it , but after a couple , i really like it .
i 've had the pork and shrimp tacos also .
the quality is always top notch .
i did the artwork too !
two negatives ... the music can sometimes be loud , and sometimes they are really packed and parking is a bit tough to find .
other than that , i highly recommend !

1
~ ~ ~ ~ update ~ ~ ~ ~ we went back to breadfruit last night , and i must revise my original review to reflect our experience , which deserved more stars .
when we arrived at 7pm on saturday night , the place was packed .
there was n't enough room to push two tables together in order to accommodate our party of 4 , so we walked around the block until some tables were open .
the waitress was extremely nice and we were seated about 20 minutes later .
for appetizers , we ordered the avocado spring rolls and the roasted plantains .
despite being small portions , they were both very good .
i was inspired to go get some plantains in the asian market this morning in order to try to make them at home .
as an entree , i ordered the curried tofu again .
i wanted to try something else ( the ital soup or the veggie patty ) , but they were out of a vital component of each dish , and they do n't make the soup in the summer .
when my entree came out , i was initially really disappointed to see that they had made it with chicken , again .
i asked the waitress and she assured me that what i was seeing was actually a soy product and i had nothing to worry about .
i must say , it was disturbingly , uncomfortably meat-like .
so much so that i made my husband try it and tell me that it was in fact non-meat before i would put it in my mouth .
when i did eat it , it even had the texture of meat - very disconcerting .
the flavor was excellent , and i would definitely order this entree again - if i can get over the extremely realistic meat analog .
the sides were good ( definitely better flavor since last time ) , especially mixed with the curry sauce .
i have to issue a heartfelt apology to wayne and the breadfruit for the disparaging review that i wrote after my last visit .
i should have called to ask about the dish and had them clarify that my dish was , in fact , fake meat .
it has been so long since i ate chicken ( and i do n't generally eat fake meat ) , that i truly thought it was meat .
( lesson : do n't assume anything ! )
my dinner companions all ordered a chicken dish , and all enjoyed them thoroughly .
i tried the festivals ( breadstick ) from someone 's meal , and i have to say that breadfruit should offer a basket of those as an appetizer .
yum .
when we were almost finished with our meal , the waitress brought us full sized samples of the carrot juice .
another yum !
it tasted a lot like thai iced tea - similar seasonings , and very rich and creamy .
i will definitely go back to breadfruit .
the food was good ( festivals = crack ) , the atmosphere and the service is excellent , and it is close to home .
home run , breadfruit .
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ downtown phoenix needs a jamaican restaurant ( and an ethiopian , italian , mexican , etc ) , and i have waited anxiously for breadfruit to open - riding my bike by there every afternoon for weeks looking for any sign of life .
finally , just this week , i see people eating there .
so , we went for lunch today ( at 12:45 ... at the end of the lunch rush ) , of course , we arrived at the exact same moment as phil gordon .
i think we threw them off a little bit by ordering our meal to go , but they do n't get a by for that .
the wait was long ( 35 minutes ) , but they were really busy , and they just opened , and the mayor was there , so it was understandable .
we forgave .
the lone waiter brought me a fiji water , it tided me over slightly .
i was excited to see several `` vegan `` options on the menu - mostly sides , but it looks like some of the entrees can be modified to fit vegetarian requirements .
i ordered the curried tofu ( that is the name printed on the menu , no modifications ! )
, which comes with sides of steamed plantains , beans/rice , and steamed cabbage/green bell peppers .
unfortunately , i recieved curried chicken , a fact that i discovered after getting back to my office ... and i was way too starving to go back to get it fixed .
i ate around the chicken , something i am normally loathe to do ... but as i said , starving .
the beans and rice = bland .
nothing spectacular , they were just that : beans and rice .
plantains = undercooked .
just slightly .
i wanted them to be so much better than they were .
cabbage/green bell pepper = boring .
they were just steamed cabbage and green pepper .
i love cooked cabbage , but with salt please !
nothing that i ate was seasoned at all .
i had bite or two of the curry sauce since it was touching the rice ( starving ! )
, and it tasted ok ... am i allowed to pass judgement on a sauce that was poured over something i do n't ever eat ( because i think it is disgusting ) ?
its hard to say .
admittedly , i would have enjoyed this meal a lot more if i had recieved a meal that did not contain meat .
i will probably go back ... breadfruit is new , and they deserve another chance .
i will definitely eat in , and i will try david 's reccomendation of the avocado rolls .
one strike .
they have n't struck out just yet .

1
as always the food was great !
i was asked to sample two new hummus 's the first was the roasted red pepper cilantro ... it was amazing ! !
the second was a jalapeã±o ... equally as good ! !
they already have the best hummus in the valley , and they may add two more .

1
me and amy e popped in to see what he would charge to remove a few links from a watch i recently got for her .
yury insisted that we not pay a penny , and only asked that we come back some time in the future .
it 's obvious he is into his work and takes great pleasure in satisfying his clients .
plus , he got right to work and finished the job in under five minutes ( i have been to other jewelers to remove watch links , and they typically want up to $ 20 and for me to pick it up later ) .

1
i have been to this place several times now .
always unbelievably good !
we ate there once , quite cute and quiet .
very small inside , it smells wonderful inside as well .
i love to get it to go though .
the pizza crust is amazing .
love everything we have ever ordered here .
salads , pasta and the pizza .
it is located in a rough little shopping center , but so worth going there .
my most favorite pizza shop .

1
mellow mushroom keeps the consumption of pizza interesting in a casual , laid-back atmosphere .
pizza joints are a dime a dozen in the united states , and i experience a serious amount of pizza consumption fatigue as mushroom pizza has become a food group in my family .
enter mellow mushroom , stage left .
we 've been enjoying mellow mushroom since our days in georgia and were delighted to find a location opening up in the trendy mill district of tempe .
( well , trendy for tempe . )
i usually find a few pizzas that i 'm interested in trying when reviewing the menu .
having good bear helps as well .

1
in fitting fashion for the glam frequenter , i did n't take the time to actually read any of the other reviews .
they 're probably not as good as this one anyway .
so , i 'm going to skip them .
yes .
i 'm going to do that .
maybe i 'll read them later , when i wake up around 3pm , which will be an hour earlier than my usual time .
oh yeah , glam rocks the block .
or it used to .
i do n't really know .
i 've moved on .
but at one point it was my church and faux show djs/devon on the bar were my holy trinity .
but that was a long time ago , and as i 've already said , it probably sucks now .
if this place was any less pretentious , it would be a scottsdale ultra-lounge , but since i forced myself into ` the scene ' one time a long time ago , it was n't i who was looked down upon .
fortunately .
because god be damned i had a kickass time here .
you know , a long time ago .
but yes , their drinks are strong and prices cheap and devon is a twink who can make a drink .
plus they play lots of css , lcd soundsystem , datarock , los campesinos , and mickey avalon , which is nice .
sigh .
i miss this place .
or i do n't .

1
love this little place .
great food .
great people .
prices are reasonable and the food is always fast and fresh .

1
this is a favorite spot downtown for great service , beer and food .
the happy hour specials are fantastic .
they have a wonderful beer selection .
and hands-down the best tasting fully loaded bloody mary ( won best of phoenix ) .

1
this place has a great cozy feel , great service , and awesome food .
the green chile burrito enchilada style will def .
bring you back in !
wonderful experience !

1
i am a regular at saigon kitchen .
the staff is awesome and the food is probably hands down the best i 've ever experienced in a vietnamese restaurants .
the atmosphere is awesome .
the place has a great style .
i 've introduced my family to saigon kitchen and my dad looks like he will become a regular as well .
i was a fan of pho and spring rolls , but this place steps up from the level of food i 'm use to .
everything is fresh .
i use to eat spring rolls and pho , until the owner encouraged me to try more .
i 've had many things on the menu and never one bad experience with the food .
i sit down , order a iced green tea and let them surprise me .
i 've got that much trust in the staff .
i will continue to be a regular and recommend others to try it too .
local business need support and this one goes above in beyond to earn loyalty .

1
wow !
what a find !
the panang curry reminded me of some of the best stuff i had in london .
the pad thai was also above average and the mee krob was a unexpected treat !
the place is small and , as a result , was a bit packed , but well worth it .
we 'll be going back and/or picking up take-out again !
also , a word of warning -- they 're closed on sundays .

1
morning outside dinning on the back patio is perfect setting for an aioli egg ham sandwich !
no frills , not fancy , just great tasting simple and fresh !
the owner came over , introduced herself and was very gracious , and genuine ... as hard as it is to please everyone , this place is for those of us who prefer simple clean and not over priced !
love the sleek retro decor , goes well with the slim line menu !
kudos tuck stop / astor house owners ... we will be back !

1
ok ... wow , just wow !
i am not a hamburger freak so when my hubby asked around and was told this was awesome , i just went along with him .
when you enter this unassuming small place , the guy at the counter asks if you have been there before .
then he tells you what the most popular burger is ( brulee ) .
.
i did not want to think that day and just ordered the brulee even though it did not sound good .
there was soooo a party in my mouth .
it was awesome !
hubby ordered a boring regular burger and he loved it too .
their fries were seasoned and hot .
they got a huge thumbs up , only thing that was not up to par with the rest was the homemade potato chips ... kinda yucky .
.
oh and the carnival corn was wonderful !
we will so be back !

1
awesome experience .
great customer service ... yeah , one might say all the self-serve fro yo places are the same , but at the end of the day , customer service wins over all and keeps the customers coming back .
also , loved the deals - especially , the bogo free on thursday .
but i think the icing on the cake - having nsa flavors other than some stupid fruity tart flavors .
people who ca n't have sugar would like to have something decadent ... and this place delivered .
the cheesecake was so delicious !
yeah , they had strawberry , but that was the best strawberry i 've had and was more like rich , premium ice cream rather than tarty .
ps : word to the review by ryan m. -- always trust a fellow ua wildcat ( or fan ) in sun devil territory .

1
i have purchased several custom made , dear to my heart pieces from debbie , her gift does not only shine through in her creations but in the way she deals with her clients and their requests , very professional and personable .
i love my new sea turtle necklace , thank you !
trina

1
to start , i am a complete spaz about who i let do my hair !
most of my girlfriends out here go to michelle at choices salon , so i gave it a try ... she was amazing !
i got exactly what i asked for and the layers which i am normally too scared to attempt ( since in the past they 've been butchered ) looked better than i hoped for !
she is gorgeous and young , so you 'll know it 's her when you see the tall trendy brunette when you walk-in .
on a side note , she 's also the one who takes walk-ins if she 's not booked solid that day !
she 's a definite asset to the salon as well bringing in lots of younger clientele !

1
delicious and extremely fresh chinese baked goods .
large selection .
friendly staff .

1
so , i 've been to a which wich a few years ago in chicago and i remember liking the caprese sandwich .
i was christmas shopping at the chandler mall and headed towards the target when my stomach started growling ... i passed by the which wich and i was like whoa ! ! !
there 's one here !
so , you order by checking what you want on one if the provided paper bags .
i chose the veggie and picked the caprese with olive salad and garlic dressing .
it was sooo good !
i was worried it was n't going to turn out good , but it really did !
i also ordered the house chips which was peppery and i liked that .
all in all , great experience .
the staff was friendly too and clean store !

1
the first time i walked by this shoe store i thought it sounded lame .
i was on frenzied search for the perfect pair of brown high heels to go with a dress i would be wearing on a cruise .
i 've never even heard of this company before in az so when i walked by it at an orange county mall i did n't give it a second look .
but after two hours of solid searching every store you can think of i decided it was no time to be picky .
low and behold within 10 minutes of walking into cathy jean i was out the door with a fabulous pair of brown heels ! ! ! !
i was so excited and for full price they cost $ 55 , a much better deal than aldo 's or nordstrom 's .
and i would n't say the quality is less , their shoes are made from genuine letter in brazil .
since that first fab find i 've gone back and purchased these same exact heels in black , a pair of comfy shrug boots for fall and just yesterday a pair of silver heels for a wedding at 75 % for only 15 bucks !
i keep going back because i know that all their inventory eventually goes on sale , the prices are n't bad to begin with and they 're darn comfy .
i have the kind of job where i 'm on my feet all day and these heels do n't make me feel the burn the way my jessica simpson or aldo heels do .
now that i 'm aware of this store i know they have locations at the chandler fashion center and scottsdale fashion square .
give it shot and i 'm sure you 'll walk out with happy feet .
: )

1
have been taking my son here for almost 2 years and he loves it !
they have everything from gym classes to art and music classes .
during a lot of the year they have `` unlimited months `` so you can go however much you want .
so convenient , clean & the staff is great .
if you have a son or daughter you need to try it out ; they are always running specials .
: )

1
= = = = this review is for gc 's sunday breakfast + lunch buffet = = = = it 's been nearly a year so i dropped back into this gc today ( sunday ) for lunch , arriving at 10:45 am to enjoy both the breakfast & lunch buffets .
this gives you an extra large array of over 150 items to choose from , not including sauces & dressings , as they gradually change over to the lunch menu .
some of my favorite tastes today were the various fruit drinks , tasty hot ham , tender , delicious prime rib ( yes , really ! )
, several kinds of fish , `` bacon candy `` , breaded , deepfried bacon ( omg ! )
, cheesy hashbrowns , good corned beef hash , s-word on a shingle , their always good fried chicken & much more .
they were also cooking up custom ordered omelets and broiling thick sirloin steaks to order .
so is this place some kind of big calorie , cholesterol , sugar & salt extravaganza ? ?
yes ! !
: - ) ) yes ! !
: - ) ) sooooo , skip the vegan place once in a while & come here to pig out & have a great time for a low price !
arrive before 11 am & it 's $ 8.49 / $ 7.99 sr. includes widest food selection & unlimited beverages including various fruit juices , milk , sodas , coffee , & so on .
arrive after 11 am & it 's $ 7.99 / $ 7.49 sr. , beverages extra ( sort of ) .

1
located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .
there are some great views and a nice patio and large windows to enjoy them .
i went here with my family for thanksgiving , the meal was excellent .
i had a kobe beef carpaccio appetizer/salad with truffles , it was very good .
the dinner i choose was the traditional thanksgiving dinner , turkey , gravy , stuffing , mashed potatoes .
and for dessert i choose the pumpkin cheesecake .
everything was very good .
we had some cocktails at the bar before and after dinner , the bar was cool with a wide range of people of every age .
very cool .

1
i had the pleasure to work with susan hall from remax fine properties and she has been nothing short of a wonderful !
she was extremely helpful every step of the way .
my boyfriend , daughter and i were looking to rent a house , and after speaking with her at 9am , we were approved by 1:30 pm .
i met with her briefly after work and she was so sweet !
she made me feel that she genuinely cared about our situation .
i plan to recommend her to any friends and family .

1
i really enjoy this place because i have not found a restaurant like it .
this is the type of local restaurant you just love to go hang out at and enjoy some drinks with some great friends .
the food is always great and the staff is very polite as well as personable .
i have been to some restaurants where the staff are just machines , this is definitely not the case at the boatzhouse .
come here for a great relaxing evening on the patio and enjoy some great drinks ! ! !

1
phenom .
the food is always fresh and well seasoned .
a good selection of tequila .
every meal that i 've had has been just fantastic .
the carnitas and the fish taco 's are very well prepared .
it 's fresh , the beans are fresh as is the rice .
it averages about $ 10 a plate but worth it .
this is how really good mexican should be .
the salsa bar is excellent : you have about 5 different types of salsa from which to choose .
all freshly made .
i ca n't say enough about the flavoring of the meats and fish .
decor is a somewhat minimalist/modern , probably to attract a happy hour crowd .
they have tv 's for your viewing pleasure .
service is friendly and quick .
i 've only been to the chandler location but will start going to the one in scottsdale .
good food .
you wo n't be disappointed .

1
this store really is so fresh and so easy !
i love the wide aisles , low prices , organic selection and over all adorableness of this store !

1
found this place when i yelped brunch places around the area i was driving in .
we were driving around looking at furniture places .
the reviews were good so my husband , daughter , mother-in-law , nephew , and i decided to try it out .
the restaurant is a cute little place that is hidden in what appears to be a sort of industrial area .
we felt like we struck gold .
i ordered the daybreak which consisted of cinnamon french toast , eggs , and bacon .
delish ! !
everyone else said they really enjoyed their food as well .
our waiter was really nice and attentive .
he even offered my 4 year old nephew a cookie as we left .
i would definitely make the trip out to the area again for some yummy food !

1
lol i must have been in a food euphoria when i wrote this as i referred to my `` husband `` whom i was already separated from and divorcing ... weird .
in any event , i 've been back several times since and am addicted to their amazing baked spaghetti with meat sauce .
always take 1/2 home but it is soooooo fantastic especially with their garlic `` bread `` which is basically pizza crust .
i love this place !

1
i visited simply dentistry a week ago in september for a routine cleaning .
i must say that i was extremely impressed with the staff , the office and quality of care .
the receptionist greeted me and walked me around the office , which allowed me to briefly meet the hygienist staff , as well as see how clean and orderly the office was .
what was really cool was the small office area that the staff allowed the patients to use to check email or even facebook .
so if you get to the office early you can use this area .
now for the service , my dental hygienist i believe was julie , she was extremely thorough in examining and cleaning my teeth .
she asked good questions about my dental history and while performing my cleaning she would routinely stop to ask if i was ok .
keep in mind that i do n't have a dental phobia , but i thought the gesture was nice considering others that may .
lastly , dr.tran was very cool , she went over my x-rays , asked questions about my past dental hygiene and offered suggestions for future care .
the office visit was no more than 1 hour and was very pleasant .
oh , ca n't forget to mention the flat screen televisions mounted to the ceiling so that you can watch tv and become completely distracted during your service which makes it easy on you and no doubt the hygienist .
last note : dr tran was listed as one of phoenix 2012 top dentist , which was one of the main attributes i used to pick a dentist considering that i was new to the area .

1
my first time there and the food was good !
we were n't super hungry so we just had an order of pepper beef , brown rice and bbq pork chow mein .
everything tasty but the chow mein was above average !
i expected a sauce noodle dish or a thicker lomein type dish because that 's what it usually is in most chinese restaurants ... but here it is the very thin noodles and they are fried , with huge portions of pork and veggies spooned over it so the noodles soak up just enough without making them soggy .
it 's almost cliche to order pork chow mein when you go out to chinese food , but here it 's worth it .
i 'll revisit them when i 'm more hungry and try some other things !

1
hands down the best gelato shop in az .
love gelato ?
come here and experience the goodness .

1
we love this place .
the crispy basil chicken is our favorite !
jalepeno fried rice is amazing too !
always nice .
always fast .
crave it often !

1
oh how i love this place .
lobster quesadilla , pollo poblano , mole , fresh table side guac with special treats like cranberries or pomegraite thrown in .
cool art , friendly staff and the best damn sangria in town !

1
i looooooooove green .
i do n't love their parking .
beware .
carpool if you can .
do n't park at coco 's .
they sometimes tow .
that being said , their food is delicious !
proof that vegetarian and vegan does n't mean tasteless !
definitely get the fries , they 're seasoned and pretty much perfect .
you get a decent serving of them , as well .
brunch is served on sundays , i 've never been disappointed .
the biscuits 'n ' gravy is quite tasty .

1
awesome .
small , local spot - just what we look for when we travel .
after living in the northwest ( seattle area ) for a long while we 've grown accustomed to outstanding coffee ( not starbucks ) and this place was great .
atmosphere was really unique and laid back as well with semi-outdoor seating .
i also noticed they have a small but legit beer selection .
when i was there they had on tap odell mercenary ipa , firestone velvet merlin , and a few others .
whoever orders their beers obviously knows what good beer is .
we did n't end up getting any but a good sign nonetheless .
service was good and they were friendly .
we ended up buying a mug because they are pretty cool too .
overall , superb place to stop in and have a leisurely coffee .
definitely going back next time we are in the dale

1
micah has outdone himself yet again .
not only are the cocktail selections from the menu outstanding and completely unique , but i tempt you to suggest a spirit choice and let the fine gentlemen behind the bar hand craft you something extraordinary .
kudos to restaurant crudo for the fabulous apps as well !

1
i 've been coming to solo on and off for the last 4 years .
it 's a great place to sit and work , hang out and chat or just pick up a quick drink .
the coffee and tea are high quality and there 's an assortment of locally made pastries available to snack on .
what i really like about this place is the consistent quality of product and service .
the owner is an awesome guy that works the floor and sincerely cares about his business and his customers .

1
we love this place ! !
the spicy rockin ' shrimp tempura by far the best thing ive had in a long time ! !
also the marilyn roll is amazing ! ! !
great service great drinks great sushi ! !
one of our favorite sushi places in the valley ! !
highly recommended !

1
after nearly two years of going without espresso ( okay , without good espresso ) since moving from washington i was so excited but a tiny bit skeptical when i was told how amazing blue sky java was , i had been told of a few places since moving here that people had raved about and i 've always been a little ( often a lot ) disappointed .
this is not the case with blue sky java .
melodie , the barista was so friendly and worked with me to make my favorite drink snicker mocha .
for her first time ever making one she rocked it !
it tasted perfect .
her shots were smooth , none of the bitterness you get with a certain unnamed chain .
they have a live band on fridays which i hope to check out sometime .
but this will be my new coffee go to spot .
they have amazing and fresh bagels , great and friendly staff , clean and cute shop .
their coffee is the crowning glory and with their prices you ca n't beat blue sky java .
thank you blue sky java for giving me what i have been craving since leaving washington !

1
i ca n't believe i am giving this place 5 stars but after two visits in one week , it is well worth it .
after buying one of those playing card decks with restaurant discounts , we finally tried spinato 's ( after living in phoenix since 2003 ) .
yes , i fully realize how ridiculous it is that i had n't been here sooner .
there are so many great things about this restaurant ranging from the service , food , deals ( coupon and daily deals ) , and conveniences ( order ahead while waiting for a table ) .
from the time we sat down ( both visits ) , the service was top-notch and friendly .
first visit , we had the specialty spinach pizza with plenty of garlic and tomatoes ( $ 15 for a medium ) .
it was delicious but way too much pizza for us 4 when we paired it when their large order of ravioli and two meatball .
that was so good too !
oh did i forget to mention the garlic cheese bread that we ordered with the baked bread and butter .
both , simply amazing .
clearly i was aiming for the food going straight towards my waistline .
i also had a glass of wine since they are half off on sundays and made sure to get some of their chocolate chip cookies to go .
for the second visit ( a week later ) , we dialed it back a bit .
of course we had to have the garlic cheese bread , kids ravioli ( $ 5 for the ravioli , a breadstick , drink , and scoop of gelato ) , small specialty pizza ( $ 10 and plenty for my husband and son to share ) and i had the `` lil `` spinach calzone ( 7 `` for $ 5 ) .
that calzone was so delicious , i could n't save the half i set aside for lunch .
add two glasses of wine ( half off ) , and two piccola brownie desserts , and our total bill was $ 45 .
for a family of four with drinks , an appetizer and 2 desserts ? ? ? ?
pretty damn reasonable in this day in age .
and it has been a long time since i was that blissfully satisfied with a meal ( or two ) .
well done spinato 's , well done .

1
no reviews ?
it 's probably because it 's in south phoenix and it 's a small hole in the wall .
they have the best cerviche ( sinaloa style ) ever .
oh and you might need to know spanish to order but it 's well worth it .

1
amazing cupcakes and wonderful service .
located by the fossil store in san tan village .
we were driving to scottsdale for sprinkles and are so happy to have a equivalent in our neighborhood .
huge cupcakes with tons of wonderful perfect flavors .
go see a movie or walk around san tan village and make sure to stop by here for some yummy goodness !
they also have coffee and tea and some tasty drinks .

1
tons of in stock tile and wood flooring at great prices .
and they do have at least one designer on hand at all times - so if you need help choosing/matching grout or tile or accents , just ask for the designer .
donna is on most days .
and the others are just as helpful but i 've forgot other designer names .
look , i do have to warn you that you will be waiting in line foooorrrevvver .
i buy a lot of flooring here ( we 're remodelling homes ) , and the one thing i always ask for is a set of recliners at the check out to make the wait easier : ) .
they did say they are redoing the store and changing the check out , so maybe it will be getting better soon ?
i gave it 5 stars despite the often long checkout wait because this place is cheap cheap cheap , with a wide selection and a ton of stuff in stock .
i just finished giving a terrible review to lumber liquidators , and every complaint i have about ll is probably because i 'm used to the great policies and actions of the store and employees of floor and decor .
if you 're looking for a really cool backsplash mosaic tile in glass or stone or a combination or even metal - they have it .
tons of ceramic .
tons of porcelain .
and plenty of travertine , marble , etc . .
they even have a whole aisle now of wood-look tile , right between the tile section and the wood section .
that 's really popular right now , and i appreciate they have such a wide selection .
go there .

1
this place was on my to do list during my visit to arizona recently .
i had seen the restaurant on diners , dive-ins , and drives and knew i had to try it .
its a blend of mexican/asian food .
i had the jade red chicken with white rice , awesome .
you also get a cookie with your order : ) very unique place to have a meal .
i highly recommend it if you 're ever in the glendale/phoenix area .

1
posh is a dining event .
instead of ordering off of a menu , you select the number of courses and note any food that you do not like .
wine pairings are available .
at this point , i just leave everything up to the chef .
my wife is vegetarian , and posh seems able to adapt to any dining proclivities .
it is hard to remember the dishes as they are all one of a kind .
my wife and i have been twice .
we had a great experience the first time .
i ordered the six course meal and my wife had five courses .
it was by far and away the most expensive meal i have ever paid for .
the tip alone was more expensive then most meals at other restaurants .
the second time we used a groupon and received ten courses , although i lost count early on .
it was a long meal .
both times i had raw fish .
i also remember having sea urchin , and my favorite , the ox tail , on our first visit .
nothing stands out from our second visit .

1
the chili verde is great hear .
i also got to meet the manager at the local first az festival this past weekend .
their butternut squash soup and sourdough bread are amazing .

1
i feel a little funny granting five stars , since that kind of rave implies everyone will love al hana - and i dont think that 's true .
it helps to leave one 's scottsdale or camelback corridor preconceptions in the parking lot , in order to find treasure within the area blight , and indeed , within the gray , dreary walls of baiz market .
if you approach al hana with a traveler 's sense of wonder , however , this establishment is very cool .
the market is fascinating , especially the tiny bakery and butcher area in the back .
the restaurant is more of a simple counter , no frills and limited menu , but rates an objective five stars based on food quality , value and service .
delicious , cheap , and the young lady who helped us was very nice .
i dont need a sorbet course to give it five stars .
maybe it 's different during lunch hour , but at 5:30 pm we were the only anglos in this fairly large neighborhood facility .
many women in hijabs and abayas .
young men of varied middle eastern persuasion .
in most respects , it felt like a market half way around the world .
iraq or jordan maybe .
not every arizonan 's cup of tea , perhaps , but for foodophiles and the culturally curious , definitely recommended .

1
5star service .
our first time here and everything could n't have been more perfect .
from the looks of the giant video billboard outside advertising $ 5.99 lunch specials we expected average mexican fare .
we got much more .
not only was the food excellent , the service was equal to the likes of the pointe .
the food - brunch served from 10:30 -4:00 i got the south of the border ranch style eggs with pork chile verde , eggs basted .
the taste of the pork was superb .
you can tell everything is made fresh .
the food did n't come out in 5 minutes either so it 's apparent they take their time making everything to order .
she had the breakfast tostada substituting fajitas veggies for the meat , otherwise served with chorizo .
again , all the ingredients were fresh and tasty .
the little things john , our waiter is low-key , extremely helpful and knowledgeable .
he knows how to adapt many dishes for the vegetarian and gluten free eaters .
we never had to ask for a thing .
if we needed an extra napkin , it was on the table before we had to ask .
used creamer and sugar packets were immediately bussed .
a new cup of coffee was on the table just as i was finishing my last sip .
the manager , jason , made a nice appearance and welcomed us .
after the meal , john spent a little extra time socializing but otherwise he was the invisible waiter who took care of all our needs .
we 'll be back and next time we 're bringing our son on sundays for face painting and because kids eat free .
thanks arriba !

1
march 30 , 2013 : had the mussels with spanish chorizo !
the mussels shrink a lot during extreme cooking , but during this process the smokey flavors of the spanish chorizo meld with the cream and herbs in the bottom of the large bowl .
i wish the mussels shrunk less , but anyway ... a couple of pieces of bread are also in the bowl .
use them for dipping into the soup !
my friend got bread and butter with her charcuterie platter , so i was invited for more bread .
dab a little butter on the bread and dunk into your soup !
wow .
all breads and butter are made fresh on site .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- the original review : top marks for everything , i 'm really happy for this new place .
the chefs are amazing , creating simple , beautifully presented and delicious things with uncommon ingredients ( many from small producers ) with wonderful flavors that are unlike anything you could ever expect .
obscure flavors are presented with purpose and mix well with each other , especially those served with greens of sorts , which many are .
do n't ignore the little things on your plate , expecially drops of sauce .
i 've recently had the smoked salmon starter and the pork liver smear .
i grew up on liverwurst and black bread , so this was a scrumptious treat .
i ordered a second round !
at $ 4 a round , it 's really hard to just have one .
all the bread is baked on site !
the salmon was super fresh and luxurious in my mouth , and the greens on top added another dimension of zingy freshness that went well with the salmon .
pro-tip : try to get all elements of the plate on one forkload the first bite , especially the sauce .
no need to go for a large chunk of salmon , make it smaller for your fork ... .
p & p has friendly service on a different level and with class .
just the right size of place , and i felt like a vip the whole time .
lots of good beers available , and the barstaff is great .
they have a few off-the-beaten-path whiskeys , ryes and other liquors , and there 's whispers of award-winning true swiss absinthe gracing the shelves in the near future !
my reviews have an `` inside skinny . ``
well , this whole place is inside skinny ! !
they also have a coal oven and a smoker , so expect some amazing things !
i 've recently witnessed trays of meat going to the smoker , and whole smoked pork legs !
i totally expect p & p will be a top-rated and a very talked about place in the near future as p & p is setting the new modern quality standard for arizona if not the nation .
i 'll vote now for next year 's best of phoenix award for best new restaurant .
i know that 's pretty high praise , but check the place out and you 'll see everything done with friendly class and good taste at a fair price .
the sammies n burgers look great !
get the veggie burger with bacon ( $ 8 and includes a side ) .
no extra charge for the bacon if you want it , i swear .
$ 0 .
ÿ¼ber inside skinny section : go during happy hour .
check website for details .
there is chartreuse verte and st. george absinthe .
way cool music , heavily accented with reggae .
the bartender is your friend and you do n't know it yet .
sit at the bar and find out .
relax ! ! !
you 're away from the world that 's trying to get you ! ! !
the wood-grilled tri-tip steak and a red wine i know you 've never had , and the ricotta gnocchi with sautã©ed mushrooms .
next time i 'm probably getting the mussels and leeks , i 'm pretty excited about that .
gourmet cheese counter coming soon !
bread is baked fresh daily on site .
ask for the bread n butter ( also made fresh ) .
also at the bar , they use the mexican ( made with sugar not hfcs ) coca-cola and sprite for the drinks , and they make the moscow mule with small batch ginger ale imported from the uk .
if you walk in and think immediately the place is pretentious , you do n't get it .
an open kitchen where you see the chefs work is gourmet hip .
there 's a certain vibe you got ta accept from right when you walk in the door , and i 'm sorry if you 're not ready for the `` everyone 's your cousin you have n't seen in a while `` vibe .
it 's a nice neighborhood feel i 've been missing .
actually , i feel like a hollywood vip when i 'm in there for some strange reason .
i ca n't explain it but i will happily accept it .

1
i had been to one of the locations in scottsdale for lunch at work .
this time it was the new location closer to home for a ladies lunch with my girlfriends .
upon my arrival the inside was pretty empty but the patio was full .
when i looked at the menu i realized that they did happy hour everyday from 11-6 ... happy customer already !
$ 5 glasses of wine ... done ! ! !
our server overheard us talking about bloody mary 's and how we enjoyed them .
well he went and made us a shot of their bloody mary and surprised us with a sample !
they make theirs with jalepeno 's and they are delish ! ! ! !
points scored with these ladies .
my girlfriends and i are usually only able to get together for lunch about once a month .
so when we go , we do n't like to be rushed .
we were not rushed in the slightest .
we let him know we were in no hurry and we were going to be there for a while .
he was very good about checking on us for refills of any kind ( tea , water or wine ) .
when we finally ordered we got everything the way it was ordered .
i personally wanted to try something new so i went for the lunch special , salad and pizza .
i tried their new salad apple & arugula .
i 'm a greens girl so i really enjoyed the earthy taste of the arugula .
combined with the citrus of the lemon caper vinaigrette , it was a refreshing salad .
then i got the fig & prosciutto pizza upon seeing someone else 's review on yelp and her mentioning how good it was .
i had to try it out .
no disappointing there either .
it was a great combination of slightly sweet & salty pizza .
not to forget the carmelized onions .
it was perfect .
on a side note , someone else 's review of the pizza being `` soggy `` .
this is a more upscale , what i call `` fancy `` pizza .
you should not expect regular `` to-go `` pizza .
this is pizza eaten more in a classy way ( fork & knife style ) it 's not the kind you pick up and eat with your hands .
i love when a place offers happy hour on the weekends too .
that lets me experience more items on their menu than i normally wood .
now i 'm talking more of the wine menu than the food .
although i was eyeing a few other starters that i would have liked to have eaten .
but wine by the glass gives me the options for change .
i started in with the snap dragon pinot noir and never strayed from that .
my two girlfriends both had a melbec and only one of them switched to the noir after their 2nd glass .
with my bill coming to under $ 30 ( salad + pizza + 3 glasses of wine ) before tip .
we certainly are going to make this one of our regular spots for ladies lunch .

1
i love hub !
this is the only place i go to buy jeans .
the selection is great , the best part is they have my size !
24 ' waist , size 0 .
hard to find a good pair of jeans that fit .
i bought a pair of nudies from here three years back .
the jeans still look barely worn , no rips , the denim is n't faded .
i am a firm believer of quality or quantity .
sure the clothes are a bit pricey but it 's worth it .
all the clothes i buy from here last me years !
the customer service is excellent as well .
they are always giving amazing suggestions and are great people just to chit chat with .
the positive , up beat atmosphere really makes me feel welcomed .
i do n't live in phoenix anymore but every time i visit i always hit up hub .

1
still lovin the lo mein and sweet and sour pork ! !
egg roll heaven with the mustard ! ! !

1
best thai food you will ever eat !
this is my favorite thai food restaurant !
i have far too many items on the menu that taste amazing but do n't miss dessert !
my favorite dessert is the ( homemade ) coconut icecream with the fried bananas on the side .
amazing !
simply amazing .
it 's my favorite dessert of all time !
i must add that i really love peanut butter chicken ( a childhood favorite ) and this restaurant gets it perfect every time !

1
radio milano has become one of our favorite restaurants since opening this summer .
why ?
here are a few reasons : 1 .
the food - antipasto and focaccia on par with pizzeria bianco , excellent seafood/crudo and some of the best meatballs and meatloaf in town - all in manageable portions 2 .
the cocktails - try the ginger press , manhattan or milano , their signature version of a negroni , but made with vodka ( no longer listed on menu however ) .
great bartenders , too .
3 .
the atmosphere - from the open-air kitchen w / wood burning grill to barrel-vaulted ceilings and walls of sliding glass , an inviting urban space .
and while possibly trendy , not at all stuffy or inaccessable - always felt down to earth and comfortable to me .
4 .
open late - food served until 11pm every night .
we love coming in for a late dinner and eating at the bar .
best seats in the house if you ask me .

1
i work right across the street from antonio 's salon & barber shop and have been coming to him for over a year and a half !
he is absolutely fantastic .
he knows exactly what i like and the style of haircut i am picturing .
he is very professional with his work , reasonable with his prices , and gives a specialized haircut exactly to the t !
i rate him 5 stars .

1
this place is off the chain !
everytime i go , i want to go back the next day .
i do n't even like beans , but i like their beans .
i 've gotten the combo platter and it usually lasts me 2 meals .
very reasonably priced .
great service !
very clean .
if you 're looking for latin food outside the box , check this place out : )

1
fun atmosphere , great drinks and tasty food .
my wife and i had a great dinner here we will be back when were back in phoenix : )

1
yes 5 stars !
it is as good as it gets and i am not just saying that to be bias because i love locally owned mom and pop type shops the most .
i do love the service a million times more than chained restaurant businesses .
i especially love when the locally owned businesses are severely welcoming and happy to see customers coming through the doors .
lets get on with the review shall we : chicken pot pie - a - blueberry - a + ( esp when you go home to heat it up and put some ice cream over it ! )
i can not wait to try some of my boyfriends green hatch chili pork and his lemon cream hand pie .
when i was younger i was in love with the little hostess or safeway pies that are glazed with chocolate pudding or apple fillings so i can not wait to try the rest of the hand pies from this establishment in a few days .
so good !
it can be tricky to find if you are n't around the area but if you know where house of egg roll is , it is tucked away in the corner in the back .
the service here obviously gets a a + + + + : ) so go ahead run down there and grab a bite its totally worth your time and money !

1
wow , just had a really great experience here with azher in the personal care department !
she was so helpful !
she spent a good amount of time with me talking about the products ( i absolutely adore body products ) .
i actually found a new cleanser and sunscreen due to her advice !
i usually avoid whole foods because i find it to be too pricey , but i needed to pick up a tea that i knew i would find here .
when i walked in , the first thing i saw was yummy goat milk soaps in dozens of flavors .
if you do n't know , goat milk soap is as nourishing as it gets !
i was able to compare this whole foods to the one in tempe and am happy to report that this one is so much better .
there is no comparison .
there were so many goodies here and the sample of chocolate mousse with blueberry , strawberry , raspberry and blackberry won me over !
people are so nice around these parts ! ! ! ! !

1
this place is great ! !
tucked away in tempe , i actually found this place w / the yelp app on my phone .
my boyfriend and i went here for breakfast and loved it !
the place is quaint ... the food is excellent .
best .
coffee .
ever .
we drink it black , so we are partial to good coffee : ) we got a chance to speak to the owners , and they were as nice as can be !
helpful and made our breakfast very pleasant .
all in all - above expectations .
we have already begun recommending it to guests at the hotel we work at .
and we will be back .

1
tai chi with kim kubsch is so beneficial to my health , plus relaxing for my mind and body .
as mayo clinic and harvard medical report , `` tai chi is more effective and has fewer dangers or side effects than almost any other form of exercise . ``
kim 's two easy and gentle tai chi dvd 's are excellent to use at home or on vacation to ensure my balance and coordination stay strong everyday !
- ka , arizona

1
personable staff , great musical selections between 7am-12pm and 7pm-10pm , free wi-fi , and damn good drip .
this place is sure to become a staple in anyone 's weekly routine .

1
they have done it again .
great concept , great food , great building , great staff , and pricing is just right .
if you are looking to break the corporate food chain monotony of 7th ave and mcdowell then vovomeena is where to go .
delicious local food and excellent coffee selections .
i can not pick a favorite on the menu , but can say that everything will be sure to not disappoint , so you are safe to close your eyes , point , and try it .

1
so for my 100th review i decided to write about casey moore 's .
it is a delightful combination of two bars at ohio state that my husband and i frequented quite often during our years in columbus , so it brings back fond memories of nights of heavy drinking and chilling on outdoor patios during the few precious months of warmth we have in the midwest .
casey 's is a great spot if you want a laid back bar , especially on a friday afternoon when you skip out of work early .
my husband and i are big fans of places where we can sit outside , have a few glasses of beer , and catch up since during the week we are occasionally too busy to really see each other much .
the other great thing is the cross section of people casey 's attracts ... undergrads , grad students , professors , young professionals like myself , and other folks who live in or around the neighborhood .
service has always been friendly and prompt each time we 've been there , whether it be a friday afternoon at happy hour or a wednesday or thursday night at 10 pm .
the only food we 've ate at casey 's has been the mozzarella sticks ( the perfect fried food companion to beer ) and they are delicious ... i really enjoy the light battering because it does n't sit so heavy in my stomach .
my only small gripe with casey 's is their parking lot which gets full pretty quickly and you ca n't park on some of the streets until a certain point in the evening .
but i guess that really means that my husband and i should n't be so lazy and should just ride our bikes .

1
i 've never received anything less than perfect service and a perfect meal .
the appetizer combo is a phenomenal deal especially if you do n't eat meat .
falafel , dolmas , hummus , babaganoush , tabbouleh , greek salad , pita bread and tsatsiki sauce .
i 'm full for days but i always want more !

1
while no one is ever a fan of having to get blood drawn i have to say , this location and this experience , there is no better .
the front staff was nice and polite , even though the place was packed and we were a tad bit late for our appointment .
they took us back right away .
i had jeannie , who is beyond beyond the nicest and most professional i have ever encountered .
i have to get my blood drawn from my hands as i have non existent arm veins and she was gentle and kind and did as i asked rather than try and fight me on it thinking she might know my body better than me .
if you have to go and get bloodwork done , this is the location .
top notch all the way !

1
the service is amazing .
the soups are made with heart and soul !
especially the pho , which is always hot and very fresh .
the place is very clean and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful .

1
love the family feel , they remember me as a regular , fast , affordable and great service

1
i went to southwest urgent care the first time on a saturday morning ... a 5 minute wait is all i met .
the second time i went there on a thursday at 5 and it was only 10 minutes .
the two doctors i had there were dr. laney and dr. hochuli and both of them were friendly and knowledgeable and they showed that they really cared for me .
in the future i would go there in a heartbeat .

1
despite having heard wonderful things about chelsea 's kitchen , i 've never made it in to dine here before until last night .
i do n't know why i waited so long , but i wish i had come sooner .
aside from being easy to find , chelsea 's has a low key look from the outside , but easy to find and spot from the road .
upon pulling up , i realized that they had complimentary valet .
nice !
place is wonderfully decorated without coming off as intimidating , and has a great clean , sophisticated look yet still makes you feel comfortable eating there .
i like that .
i was greeted right when i went in and was waiting for my friend robin and her mom to arrive .
i waited outside and realized that there 's a table for 8 people right outside the front door !
i hung out there until robin and her mom arrived .
when we were seated , staff was warm , friendly and attentive .
hostess made sure we were comfortable where we sat and the server was right on it the whole night through .
since i had never been there before , i had a few questions about the menu , and in between the server and my friend , they were able to answer everything for me .
i went with the chelsea 's cheeseburger minus the russian dressing .
friends mom went with the wood fired chicken quarter , and robin went with the ahi tuna .
when the food came out , it all looked really nice !
burger was awesome , and the fries were sweet potato ( i think ) and were excellent .
while we were eating , the guys at the table next to us ordered a steak of some sort , and it was huge , and looked absolutely delicous .
if i had n't already eaten , i very well could have gone over there and taken the plate away from the poor guy it looked so good .
i did n't get a chance to see it , but i heard that the patio is beautiful .
i was going to go look , but i was so engrossed in my dinner and conversation , that i never got to check it out .
next time i will though .
i would like to say that i wish i had come here sooner .
this is my kind of dining establishment , and its absolutely worth every penny you spend here , and worth every mile you drive .

1
well , i 'll have to begin by explaining ( in answer to gene 's question about the sushi/pizza combo ) that this is a kosher place .
no , that does not mean that a rabbi has blessed you pizza .
it does mean that the cheese on the pizza is vegetarian ( i.e . no rennet ) ; this is a vegetarian joint and it has a zany and off-the-wall menu which now includes a mexican night ( wednesday ? )
.
i am a pizza snob to the core .
king solomon 's has been hit or miss in the past as it has changed ownership a couple of times .
i wanted to revisit today before writing a review .
i ordered the lunch special - two slices and a drink for $ 5.99 .
the slices are az size as opposed to ny size .
this is just fine by me - two slices fill me up nicely .
the sauce is generous and flavorful .
there was just a little too much cheese for me , which means it 's light on the cheese for your average zonie .
the crust is thin and crisp .
i have heard mixed reviews concerning the israeli platter .
i have not heard anything about sushi or mexican here .
warning : ks is closed on shabbos : sundown friday to sundown saturday .
saturday night it opens and is subsequently flooded with families .
great place .
go .

1
what can i say .
it 's a candy warehouse !
if you like only the white gummy bears ... you can buy only the white gummy bears .
this place has a lot of those throw back candies that are hard to find .
i highly recommend this place if you have a sweet tooth , or if you are looking for something in particular .
they have something for everyone young or old .

1
this could be my new nouveau mexican in this city .
i went last night for my 1st time and was absolutely blown away .
started out with the basic chips and guacamole .
i think it may have been the best guacamole i have ever had .
.
delicious ! !
for my main course i had the pollo relleno ( from menu : the house signature dish !
chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles , caramelized onion , corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce .
paired with guajillo mashed potatoes , and vegetables ) it was out of this world ... the chicken was cooked perfectly and the poblano cream sauce complimented everything on the plate .
the veggies and potatoes were amazing too .
the crowd was mixed and there was a huge wedding party on the patio making it very lively .
the owner came over to the table a few times , and the waiter was top notch .
.
i will return and already know what i am gon na have !

1
the service at this store was amazing and the saved my wedding dress shopping experience .
the first store i visited was i do i do and it was horrible .
the service at an affair to remember is awesome .
they are very knowledgeable about their dresses and are a full service store that stands behind their product .
as the previous review states , they only carry two lines but they are decent lines with good quality dresses for reasonable prices .
if you like maggie sottero or casa blanca then this is a wonderful store to visit .

1
super clean !
friendly staff who are always working not just sitting behind a counter .
owner is a great guy and the membership price cant be beat .
i switched to here from another downtown gym and couldnt be happier .

1
you can take lobby 's , steak n shake , smashburger and all the other mid-west/east coast joints abd close them down .
the chuck box is and always has been the best .
the food , the staff and the location rock , almost the only place left that feels like home and a college hangout .
the burgers are great : ) fries rock , drinks are cold and everything is served by a staff that still gives a dang about making people good food .
for anyone that knocks this place ?
go eat cardboard as that is all you deserve ...

1
sunridge canyon has been one of my very favorite courses since i first played it 6 + years ago .
i have to admit i did work here for a two-year span several years ago , but it was one of my favorites before , during , and since then .
it 's not as hyped as grayhawk , troon , and some other courses but it 's just as great of a layout , if not better than some of the more popular high-end courses in the valley ( definitely better than the overrated grayhawk ) .
the course has the rare distinction of being very playable yet very challenging at the same time .
you 'll be toast if you do n't hit it fairly straight on most holes , but you wo n't be punished for hitting it where you intended like some of the blind-shot-heavy courses ( i.e . we-ko-pa ) here in the valley .
i 've shot in the 70s one day and in the 90s the next out there .
besides the superb and scenic layout , i also like the simplicity of the overall complex .
it 's not at a big resort , there are n't multiple courses , and there is no grand clubhouse ( not that all those things are always bad ) .
it 's just the 18 holes , pro shop , and a restaurant that serves up some pretty solid food .
the staff is friendly and helpful , too .
it 's like a neighborhood course albeit a high-end one .
they have some great summer rates for locals this summer : any day , any time for only $ 35 .
i recommend all valley golfers to enjoy that rate while it lasts .
i played yesterday and the course was in good shape tee-to-green , and outstanding shape on the greens .
it 's been awhile since i 've seen greens roll this well on a $ 35 course here in town .
one last , but important , note : it gets windy out here .
as in , it gets windy every day .
the course plays through a canyon and the winds are swirling all the time .
an early morning tee time is best since it gives you your best chance to take on the uphill back-nine without the wind gusting in your face .

1
this is our favorite local restaurant .
we 've been coming here for dinners ( and a mother 's day brunch ) since mid-2009 , when i found it on yelp .
it 's in a nondescript shopping center , and if not for the constant traffic jam outside , you probably would n't even notice it .
i particularly like the lighting inside the restaurant ; it 's very relaxed and seems classier than it should be , given the location .
the burger is great , but the chicken sandwich is easily the best i 've had .
i also enjoy the pcg pasta .
and they have a lot of great beers on tap .
we live in chandler now , but i 'll make the drive to pcg any time i get an opportunity !

1
this aj 's is n't even on the yelp map .
now it is !
this particular location is tucked away in far north scottsdale , just before the summit at ashler hills .
you can easily miss it .
i am not a regular aj 's shopper , but i was making dinner for my parents one night and was following a recipe to the t .
so i needed some speciality ingredients .
my beloved safeway did n't carry them and then i remembered seeing this aj 's .
they had everything i needed !
just like other aj 's the aisles are small , the people can be snotty , but the quality of food there is second to none .
it is definitely pricey so be prepared to drop some dough .
i would never make this my regular grocery store , but if i am going to be making a special meal here is where i would come for my supplies .
the parking lot here has covered parking for every spot !
that 's what far north scottsdale is all about !

1
i probably would 've given this a 4.5 , if i could 've .
.
but not because of the service , or the food -- both of those are amazing ( especially the skillets ) ... the prices might be a little higher than some surrounding restaurants , but they 're still pretty decent for what you get .
the ambience leaves a bit to be desired -- the tables are a bit cheap and the restaurant has an industrial feel to it .
but the service and food are both 5-star !

1
my favorite thai in tempe .
the green curry was a little salty last time i had it , but i had gotten medium spice , so the next time i got yellow curry , thai hot , and it was wayyyyyyyyy better .
the lunch portions are a little small , but if you eat in you also get a salad .
its still enough for me , but i eat the entire thing ( probably seems like its small because i do n't want to stop eating it !
yum ! )
i 'm satisfied when i 'm done eating , but forget leftovers ( which is ok with me ; i 'm not a fan of the huge portions i 've gotten over the years . )
to jasmin ( other reviewer ) : the smell in the restaurant is actually eggs , not mildew ( making fried rice , perhaps ? )
i do n't really like eggs , or the smell , but its not mildew .
the small plates of food you refer to are traditional offerings to buddha .
the restaurant is very traditional in their decor , which includes mirrors ( reflecting on yourself inside ) , flowers , fruit and water offerings .
i 've never been to a thai restaurant that tries to `` up sell `` you on a drink .
if you want something other than water , order it ( i suggest thai tea ... its like drinking dessert while you eat ! )
great place to get thai ... it is , indeed , tasty !

1
my second time taking on the echo canyon and i highly recommend it .
i have two perspectives : the weak , short of breath , unfit me of 3 + years ago wanted to turn around half way up the mountain while my boyfriend at the time cursed me to keep moving as it had been my idea to hike this thing .
and so i did , somehow , out of breath , bright red in the face , reaching the summit , finally .
it was a great experience but it was missing one major component : a fit me .
so i decided to give my mom a little tour of the mountain this week .
this time around though , it was much easier .
all that working out has finally paid off !
it 's still a cardio work out , and will do a number on your legs , but i work out enough , it really did n't bother me .
my mom on the other hand can hardly move her legs today .
at no point did i want to turn around .
you got ta make sure to bring water .
a little bottle is not going to do , especially not in this heat .
i brought my 2 l camelback and between the two of us , it was all gone shortly before we arrived back at the bottom .
go early and go during the week to beat the crowd .
no mistaking , there will be people though .
wednesday morning ( around 8am ) was n't bad though .
great fantastic views , not a long hike , but difficult and strenuous no doubt .
if you enjoy a challenge , are tired of the gym , or just want to have a fun day in the sun , i highly recommend this mountain .

1
holy shit ... i just found my most favorite mexican food ever ... and it 's about 1,500 miles from home !
you 've got to be kidding me , right ? ! ?
how 's that for a slap in the face ? ! ?
on a 6 day vacation , we ended up here 3 times and our drive was about 20-25 minutes each way .
it 's that good folks !
if i lived closer , i would have been more adventures and tried more things on the menu ... but the feeling of not eating more machacha made me want to cry .
a # 7 combo is where it 's at .
the machaca is amazing .
i also had a bite of a chorizo burro , also amazing but i had to stick to the tacos .
pro tip : do n't be fooled by the horchata in the fountain drink thing-a-ma-bob ... it 's awesome !
give it a swish in your cup and you 're good to go !

1
beautiful facility !
both this and the new glendale complex are top of the line !
wow !
all good views , great times had by all ! !
fantastic ! !

1
this lovely lady is all good vibes .
she enjoys doing eyebrows and that 's what makes her fabulous at it .
no asian-thin horror stories here !
i gave her 25 % tip cause i fell in love with her energy and it was $ 25 total ... she also makes her own sugar scrubs , jewelry , and candles !
all around , ann deserves the business .
i was a first-time client but i do n't think she endorses the first-time-free offer anymore ... either way , i am extremely pleased with the outcome of my appointment and my skin was n't irritated in the slightest even though its sensitive .
cheers ! !

1
decided to stop here for my lunch today since i was craving a meatball sub .
the italian bread was crunchy on the outside and chewy in the center ( which i love ) .
it 's baked with the mozzarella cheese on it , and it melts all over the sandwich .
although , that makes the bread under the cheese kind of soggy which i did n't like , but the rest of it made up for this .
otherwise i 'd have given stumpy 's 5 stars .
the meatballs were good and i could actually taste them .
they do n't douse the sub in marinara making it all soggy , which i also like .
i barely finished my sub and i should have stopped eating it earlier but it was too good !
i was watching them make pizza in the back , and it looks like they make pizza slices to order .
they even roll out the dough for each individual order .
and like everyone else mentioned , they staff there was really polite and friendly .
all said and done i spent $ 10 , and felt like it was worth it .
i 'll be back , and next time i 'll try their pizza .
updated 5/22/12 - had the meatball sub a 2nd time , and the bread was not soggy even with the extra cheese .
i had a ( 3 ) slice of `` the butcher `` pizza .
loved it .
this place is extremely friendly , small , and good food .
updated from 4 , to 5 stars .

1
this review is for the take care clinic in the walgreens .
this weekend i had a run in with a rusty nail and it won .
needless to say i was n't sure when my last tetanus shot was but i knew it had been about ten years since my last one so i hobbled into the take care clinic .
i was lucky enough to have no wait when i arrived .
i checked in on the electronic screen , sat down in the clean tidy waiting area and was called less than a minute later .
the nice assistant showed me to large doctors room where i filled out a short form and questionnaire .
the doctor heather was soo nice !
she answered all my questions and was extremely knowledgable !
she made me feel better by easing my mind almost instantly .
i received my shot and was out of there in 15-20 min !
heather was awesome and i would defiantly be back to see her !
oh and if you have insurance majority of all immunization are covered !
the services at take care clinics are also cheaper than seeing a doctor in a private practice for ur everyday sicknesses .
check them out !
heather keep up the awesome work !
you were great !

1
my third time using lg collision repair and once again - they exceeded my expections .
they go above and beyond in their service , flawless repair and attention to detail with everything from picking up your car , working with your deductable to save lots of money and helping with any other car related issues you may have ... it is like having a family member in the car business .
i will never go anywhere else and tell everyone i know about their outstanding and reputable operation .
i feel very fortunate that i found lg collision !

1
very cool place ! !
has misters out side had a good breakfast that 's my review thank you for reading ! ! ! !
: )

1
a great safeway .
the staff is generally very attentive .
the place is neat and tidy .
the starbucks in the front of the store usually has a line , but the staff is always peppy and fast .
there 's a nice sitting area in the front of the store with big windows to watch the world go by and sip a latte or eat a deli sandwich in the air conditioning .
no complaints about this store from me !

1
herb box tops my list for one of my favorite locations for lunchtime or dinnertime dining , but just recently i experienced sunday brunch here for the first time .
this is definitely a reasonably priced sunday brunch option .
in fact , it 's the same price as it is any other time during the week , but on sunday , in addition to several lunch items , they also offer breakfast options such as cinnamon pancakes , market blts , breakfast flat breads , goat cheese omelets .
while sitting out on the patio and enjoying the breezy late morning environment ( they open at 11 on sundays ) , i enjoyed the market blt which was a fried egg topped with pancetta , ricotta and served on brioche .
i only ate about half of the bread it was served on because it was such a large portion , but the meal was pretty good .
i would have liked it to come with some fruit but i 'll know to ask for that next time .
i noticed a dog sitting on the patio , which made me wonder if they have a dog friendly patio .
i will look into this and report back because i know a certain cockapoo in my life named harley who would have enjoyed this morning meal as well !

1
go to sweet republic this week and say , `` i support bake for hope , `` and they will donate a portion of their proceeds to bake for hope .
bake for hope is a charity that is raising breast cancer awareness and providing proceeds of nationwide bake sales to local susan g komen for the cure affiliate offices .
on this saturday , bake for hope will be there to sell our delicious homemade cupcakes , brownies , and cookies .
it is the perfect pairing - cake and ice cream !

1
absolutly made my anniversary night with my wife spectacular !
a must for any romantic .
excellent service , keepsake menu 's and food that will make your toung twirl like the north shore .

1
the things that work .
really well : - the burgers .
seriously delicious , imaginative and well constructed burgers .
every time .
- the beer .
options !
and real knowledge from the bartender !
like 10-15 on draft and a handful by the bottle .
- the liquor .
again , options !
and fun specialty cocktails .
and bartenders who know how to construct shots with more imagination than pouring cold jã¤ger in a shot glass .
- the desserts .
the brownie and ice cream is so good that i 'm willing to throw my calorie counter out the window and devour the thing by myself , while growling at those trying to share with me .
no sharing !
- the tvs .
lots of them !
playing all different sports !
and different teams !
not just the same game on every tv .
they switch on music videos after the games are over , later in the evening .
i become completely mesmerized by this and will lose at pool because of it .
- the billiards : -- on monday nights , it 's $ 9 unlimited all night play .
other nights is $ 7/hour .
you can see the value there .
-- the tables are beautifully maintained .
-- the cues are straight and true .
all in excellent condition .
-- the pool tables are appropriately spaced from the walls and tables .
you never have to worry about twisting yourself in some weird shape because you 're too damn close to the wall to make your shot .
- the bartenders .
they care abut you and your beers .
they will come out to you while you 're playing pool to see if you need a fresh drink .
the things that do n't work : - i live too far away and ca n't come here often enough .

1
i love this place .
i know the name `` mr. sushi `` sounds corny and you 're thinking i 'm not eating sushi in a strip mall but you 're just missing out .
these guys make the best sushi in town .
it 's always fresh , they have a menu thats like a novel .
i always try a new roll when i go and i never leave disappointed and always bloated .
it 's hard to stop when it 's this good .
the atmosphere is nothing special but you can tell it 's good by the local following and business crowd they attract .
sit at the bar if available and watch the show .
it may seem out of the way especially for you east siders but round up some friends and make the drive : its worth it ! ! ! ! !

1
i really like to think that dining at mastro 's is like dining in heaven .
i 'm lucky enough to be in a family that comes here for special occasions .
we just got back from one such occasion .
it was glorious .
i 'll start with the food .
the quality of ingredients is fantastic .
everything is amazingly well prepared .
the seafood is always fresh , served in large bowls of ice or gigantic dry-ice laden towers .
the salads are , well , salads ... but again they 're fresh and well executed .
good if you 're into that sort of thing .
then there 's the stars of the show , the entrees and sides .
in sat analogy terms , best actor : entree : : best supporting actor : sides .
you arguably need both to have a cohesive meal ( or movie for that matter ) .
and mastro 's is like steven spielberg .
whether you choose a steak , chop , or fish , it 'll be cooked to perfection .
steaks come out on the famous 400 degree plates .
the lamb chops come portioned in 2 large four chop racks .
the chicken is an enormous double breast and could easily serve two ( for the kids ? )
.
there 's a limited fish selection but they generally have 6-8 lbs lobsters and the crab legs are pretty crazy .
there is , however , an extremely large selection of sides .
i have had quite a few of them .
they 're all good .
i do prefer sautã©ed greens ( broccoli , asparagus ) over steamed .
they use garlic .
it 's wonderful .
also , you would n't expect it , but try the the creamed corn , it 's delicious .
and oh holy jesus i almost forgot to mention the desserts .
the warm butter cake is their signature dessert and is quite good .
but try the chocolate pudding cake .
that little gem is my fav .
and really , just order something to put their homemade whipped cream on .
it 's amazing .
so ... yeah , it 's expensive , but you get an experience that 's phenomenal .
do you need a black napkin because , god forbid , you do n't want white lint on your black pants ?
they 'll handle it .
need someone to hand you a towel and turn on the faucet for you in the bathroom ?
there 's a guy for that .
there are a few other steakhouses in phoenix but they just do n't compete .
ruth 's chris may have been cool 20 years ago , but it 's kinda run down now .
and morton 's food just is n't as good ( although they do have soufflã©s ... i 'm a sucker for soufflã©s ) .
to paraphrase one of my heroes , if you have the means , i highly recommend it .

1
this show is awesome !
it always has a great variety so there 's comedy and dancing and even an illusionist .
if you stay until the end of the show you great to some seriously hot women do some nice burlesque style strip-teasing , which is always the favorite for me and my friends .
it definitely pays to get the premium seating .

1
my place to go for comfort food .
i have never had a bowl of pho here that was n't excellent .
i used to live in an apartment complex just behind the pho nhat .
i was a student at mcc and did n't have much money , but i could afford to eat here once a week .
it was five minute walk and a bright spot in a hum drum diet .
everything i 've tried on the menu has been delicious .
the staff is a staff of two and sometimes things can be slow , but , it 's well worth the wait .
despite this , the food is frequently out faster than i expected .
this is one of my goto 's when i suggest places for friends .

1
this is the premier poker room in phoenix .
very attractive interior with the best poker tables in town , politeness is strongly encouraged , no swearing or course language allowed , very good staff ,

1
my first time going to jobot i ate there twice in one day .
i got a sweet ricotta crepe for breakfast and it was so bomb that i came back for lunch to eat a chorizo crepe .
their coffee is fantastic too .
the atmosphere is awesome .
my girlfriend and i sat out front on their patio w / our dog and relaxed on a breezy april day .
pretty soon i 'll be moving to downtown and i 'm going to make a habit of jobot for sure .

1
so i 'm out visiting the cute little nephew in mesa and his adorable parents ( one of which is my really fun brother ) and like any good yelper , i check out the possible places to eat , drink and be merry while i 'm there .
i say to my brother , `` hey , i really want to try this place called d'vine `` .
he gives me this blank stare , and then says , `` how do you know that place ?
it 's great ! ``
i tell him , his wife , and the people at d'vine all about yelp , since no one i met in arizona had ever heard of it .
anyway , there are some new converts now .
turns out my brother and his wife have eaten there many times each week since it 's close to their house .
as for d'vine - it really was fabulous .
no , seriously .
the appetizers were excellent , well-priced , and executed beautifully .
my brother chose the wine , but the list was pretty far-ranging .
eating here was like eating at some of my favorite places when i go to italy - just excellent food .
they had pheasant ( my brother ) , hanger steak ( my hubby ) and a hamburger that was out of this world ( me and my dad ) .
while the live music was nice , the live singing was not enjoyable and way too loud to have a conversation .
i will definitely be back again and again to this place , when it 's much warmer and i can be outside on the patio ( away from the singing ) .
they have a great patio and a fire pit , which was really welcome on the cold night after christmas .
while initially we seemed to get passed over for service , the gal who came to serve us more than made up for any gaffes by her friendliness , excellent service and overall knowledge of the food .
i will definitely be coming back the next time i 'm in mesa .

1
stayed here on new years eve and it was awesome !
believe or it not i got a room here for $ 79 using hotwire .
having used hotwire before , i have learned that many hotels tend to put their hotwire and priceline guests in the not so nice rooms , however fairmont gave us a huge room with a really private balcony .
the pool is fabulous with really comfy lounge chairs .
the grounds are beautiful , staff is really friendly , fitness center is huge , all around it is a great experience !
for our nye celebration we went to stone rose lounge in the fairmont and it is a really fun and classy bar that i would recommend as well !

1
it 's amazing !
their shrimp po ' boy is delicious ! ! !
and last night was my first time having their peach cobbler ... it was marvelous ! ! !
definitely worth the drive !

1
fun place on friday nights

1
i have to be honest , i dislike breakfast food .
however , this is the best breakfast food i have ever had ! ! ! !
the owners are the nicest people i have ever met ! ! !
excellent service ! ! ! !
the food is all made fresh and never frozen !
the highest quality of meats that are low in fat and high in protein ! !
and the portions are huge for your dollar !
by far the best restaurant and service i have ever been to !
brett and mo are the best ! ! !

1
a great local-owned coffee bistro in the northeast valley .
conveniently located near the northwest corner of 32nd street and shea boulevard , 32 shea has indoor and outdoor seating , a drive-thru window and a wonderful breakfast and sandwich menu .
the owner/operators are engaging and friendly and the barrista is a true coffee artist !
definitely worth a visit .

1
$ 15 oil change .
these guys were cool .
they actually said to me : `` one high-mileage nissan sentra .
check . ``
and that was it .
they did n't ask me about filters or sell-me-up on nonsense .
great scene here .
i 'll come back .

1
i love south mountain ... okay lover moment aside ... what do you want to do ?
-- hike ?
cool tons of trails for ya from easy to hard ... -- bike ?
road or mountain , we got both for ya .
mtn goes from flat very fast trails to very very technical xc rides to some killer downhill/vert stuff .
road has great views and one sunday/mo they shut road down to motors so get a wide open road all to yourself -- views ?
heck yes , you 'll have to hike a bit if you want distance but if you 're looking for nature - tons here and plenty of places to get away from ppl traffic also to have a very quiet place to sit and think .
funny thing about south ... is it seems almost everybody has their own favorite place to go while there .
the low flat trails get a little busy but that 's easy stuff , if you want to be alone work a little bit and you get away from 95 % of the traffic .
everybody seems to have a `` secret `` spot too they like to hike and get away ... i 've got one that my buddy and i know of that when we get up there ... there 's a point at which we keep going and we 've only seen like 2 other ppl go that far back into the canyons ... so it 's always a very peaceful run and can even look down onto the main trails and watch people down there too .
south is great ... i need to mess around more on the west side of the mountain but i live in ahwatukee so i 'm on the east side and just ride over there .
they do close some of the lesser known trails from time to time to get the wildlife back in and get some growth back in , and other than once getting lost on a close trail i 've never had issues .
the park rangers i 've met there are always nice , always asking how the trails were and making sure ppl are safe .
probably not the smartest idea , but i love to run when there 's a storm rolling in ... just love going out there and thinking and being alone ...

1
excellent dinner !
just went with a group and really enjoyed the ambiance and the food .
we shared drinks ( interesting list of specialty drinks ) and caught the end of happy hour .
as our appetizers , we ordered the spring rolls served with peanut sauce and edamame with 2 sauces ( lemongrass was my favorite ) - very fresh and tasty .
for entrees we shared garlic noodles and shrimp , the caramelized salmon and crispy rice with shrimp in clay pots , and lemongrass chicken .
the dishes are all served with a side salad and a bowl of broth ( pho ) for mixing in sauces .
it was all very fresh tasting and delicious .
they also have a nice outdoor patio and appears dog-friendly .
we will go back !

1
oh , tia rosa ... how you surprise me .
with your festive decorations for the holidays , your loquacious patrons sitting nearly side-by-side , your relatively tiny bar area , large and crowded patio and absurdly long wait lines on weekends , i am befuddled as to how i can like you .
but , no matter how many chips i must munch on before shown to a table , no matter how embarrassingly small your beer selection is ( although you do have dos equis and fat tire ) , and no matter how i may sometimes be randomly serenaded by your boys with guitars , none of this matters when i peek inside your menu ( or even slowly sip a ` rita ) .
i cease to concern myself with trivial matters , like beer selection and wait time .
your menu is vast , proffering fresh fish , including halibut and salmon , as well as a new flair on traditional fare , like the chicken mole enchiladas , which i devoured with gusto .
this is a fun place , extremely family-friendly , good for large groups or when you 're with a friend or significant other and you 're just craving mexican food without the fire , the typical beans/rice sides and the standard after-dinner heartburn .
on weekends , parking can be quite the headache .
so , either arrive early or forgo your plans for a week night .
bottom line : tia rosa 's is a must .

1
i just tried this restaurant for the first time .
it was delicious , i ordered the raw vegan sushi and a raw dessert .
i thoroughly enjoyed my dish and i also tasted my dates dish which was the raw wrap and that too was yummy .
great service , nice clean atmosphere .
i will be returning many more times !
btw i am a raw vegan and have been a vegan for 8 years so i have tried my fair share of vegan and raw vegan restaurants !

1
treehouse is half an hour from my house .
i can get vegan pie , cupcakes , cookies , and pretty much everything else treehouse offers , from places considerably less than half an hour from my house .
the thing is , i no longer want vegan pie , cupcakes , cookies , or pretty much anything else from anywhere except treehouse .
after walking in to find candy-striped pink walls , shiny white tables decorated with pink flowers in glass vases , and white counter tops with glass casing home to all sorts of baked goods , my hopes were high .
who does n't love earth balance and good design coexisting harmoniously ?
first we tried a day-old s'mores cupcake , which is half the price of a regular cake and 90 % as good .
the cake was rich and chocolatey , just like the frosting .
there was n't much of a graham crust on the bottom , though , so it was more like a double chocolate cupcake .
not that i 'm complaining .
the only thing that did n't taste fresh was the marshmallow on top , but it was still a total steal for $ 1.25 .
but , what 's better than a good deal ?
answer : when a store owner says , `` would you guys mind being guinea pigs ? ``
and motions to a fresh batch of thumbprint cookies .
wait ... free cookies ?
no , we do n't mind at all , kind lady .
we each tried a buttery , chewy cookie with a berry in the center who 's name escapes me , but is apparently related to the ground cherry .
't was mighty tasty .
we took a chai cupcake to-go , which was spicy , moist , and topped with the best frosting ever .
it 's probably best that i do n't know what it 's made from , and just assume it 's unicorn tears .
we also had the chocolate chip cookie , which was perfectly crammed with chocolate chips , chewy , hollow , and slightly cinnamon-y .
i do n't think it needed the cinnamon , but maybe that 's because i just had a chai cupcake .
next on my to-eat list is a fresh-baked pie , during pie happy hour on wednesdays , of course .
overall , my thoughts on treehouse bakery can be summed up concisely : yes .

1
good .
god .
scoop of chocolate gelato in a cup of espresso .
i ca n't stop craving it .

1
finally good thin crust pizza outside of the tri state area .
light crust , fresh toppings and great sauce .
different than new york pizza but every but as tasty as the best ny has to offer .
i will be back next time i an in phoenix

1
hammer crossfit is far more than just a gym , it is a family .
since my first day all of the fellow members and the coaches have been very welcoming and helpful .
my first class was a 1rm day and people i had never met were cheering me on and motivating me .
kirez and tasha are always able and willing to help in any ways necessary and if they do n't have an answer right away they get one to you as soon as they can .
bottom line is that i am very happy with hammer crossfit and recommend it to everyone , regardless of your level of expertise .

1
love , love , love this place .
i waited three years to get new glasses and the optometrist was great .
i brought in my old glasses and he analyzed the frame , the lenses and then took the time to educate me in what i should really be looking for in glasses now .
i previously went to a cheaper store and got what i paid for .
yes , it was more expensive than say lenscrafters , but after waiting so long to get a new pair , i figured getting a good pair was the way to go and it was totally worth it .
the salesgal went through every pair of glasses with me until i found the pair that looked the best and would fit the type of prescription i would be getting ( because of an eye condition i had to get no line bifocals ) .
and , she knew everything about the glasses which helped me make the decision .
i had a great experience here and will definitely be returning within the next three years .

1
time to update my review ... all of the same attributes as my old review apply , but i 'm bumping it up one star , here 's why : + the field level seats ( lettered section ) are awesome .
they 're larger , wider , and the aisles are big ... very comfortable .
+ if you sit in the letter section , you have food service where you can order food & drink and they take it out to you ... yeah !
+ since my last review , i 've caught a foul ball thrown to me from the dbacks dugout , way cool ... fulfilled a childhood dream .
+ this stadium is just so much more comfortable than others i 've been at .
ca n't wait to get back to a dbacks game !
return factor - 100 %

1
excellent .
maybe the best in the city .

1
$ 1 large slush puppies .
that takes the cake .
also their salsa is pretty good and spicy .
scored both for less than $ 3 .

1
the staff at this location were so nice and supportive when i brought my dying cat in early this morning .
it is nice to have caring and empathetic animal people around when you have to go through this .
i deal with this loss a lot in my line of work , but my own pets are my babies and this does not get easier .
thank you scottsdale staff for everything on this sad day .

1
i absolutely love goin to this place .
my friends and i will come here everytime we have a craving for something sweet !
i try to go to zoyo at least once a week .
the price is also something else to add to the things that i love about this place .
it 's a great bang for your buck !
zoyo has an awesome atmosphere that makes you feel like you 're in the coolest place eva ! ! !

1
love the matzo ball soup and brisket sliders !
the bakery is extensive .

1
i 'm not a big brand name gal , however when i heard there were great sales at coach i had to check them out .
this last weekend there were purses on sale for 50 % percent off the already reduced price .
i bought a super cute blue coach purse for $ 40 and i love it ! !
i better not become a `` coach snob `` now ! ! !
haha the store was very clean and the associates were all very friendly and helpful , especially deb .
she gave me lots of information about different bags at coach .
i recommend this store to anyone who likes coach !
it 's very bright , clean , and everyone is friendly !
happy shopping !

1
ask me the best place to take someone on a first date , and i would say , `` whole foods . ``
do n't let the nomer mislead , for here is a mecca for foodies of all ethnicities and tastes .
when sauntering in , the organic produce section will ward those that come to bargain shop , away .
i came here to buy a 3.99 cucumber , when i could have easily purchased the same for .79 at the local albertsons .
okay , i was actually here to find ingredients for a thai soup .
though i was unable to locate fish sauce , i did find the kaffir lime leaves .
in addition , i bet that if i had asked the store manager if they would please start carrying the ingredients to thom ka gai , they would .
for the discerning shopper , quality is king here .
once you have made it past the produce , a plethora of fresh fish and crustacean awaits .
a treasure trove of seafoods is displayed behind the bullet proof glass .
smoked , marinated , skewered , fileted ... but that is merely the beginning .
the able purveyors of said seafood , who purchase most of the fish fresh on a daily basis ( do they fly to the coast every morning ? )
will grill it for you if you do n't want to do the work .
i ordered calamari steak which was grilled in a garlic cilantro sauce , and served with whole grilled cloves of garlic and lemon wedges .
i ate it while i meandered through the rest of the store .
but i get ahead of myself .
let me illustrate in more detail the grandeur of the fruits of the sea i beheld .
smoked rainbow trout , chilean sea bass , swordfish , lobster cakes , crab cakes , soy ginger albacore , whole wild king salmon , alaskan halibut , calamari steak , fish i have never heard of , pink fish , blue fish , smoked fish , seared fish , king prawns , lobster tail , and the buffet went on .
i passed impressive wine selections , lagers and brews from around the world , a wine bar with tasting menus , and came to my next destination .
the land of cheese .
a large assortment of cheeses greeted my hungry eyes .
cheeses i had never seen , cheeses of which i have only dreamed , truffle mousse , pates , and cheesie noshes galore .
it just got better when the cheese man said i could have anything i wanted .
well , i could taste any one of the cheeses .
the adriatic fig spread caught my eye , and the gears were turning .
cheese man recommended a cheese pairing for the spread , and would i like to sample ?
such music to my ears , as he grabbed a juicy wedge of capricho de cabra goat cheese .
i closed my eyes to really savor the taste , and was swept away to the adriatic , lying in the arms of a handsome goat herder named guiseppe , who was feeding me figs and goat cheese .
whole foods is that good .
if this culinary adventure was n't good enough , there were to be many more chapters in this book of love .
a hot bar with foods around the world , featuring must-have easts such as vindaloo chicken .
chef 's specialties , made to order sandwhiches and paninis , hand carved meats , an olive bar , a vegetarian bar , a vegan bar , gelato , rice pudding , and a bakery .
my heart was pumping with sensory overload as i spotted potato pancakes , tabouleh , and garlic nan - all in the same section .
why would n't this place be a perfect setting for the first date ?
what better way to get to know someone , than through food ?
what food market in this sprawling metropolis offers to cook your food for you before you leave the store ?
where can you sip wine and eat cheese , and finish your date with groceries with genuine gelatto ?
a mecca indeed ...

1
slickables is glorious .
fresh baked cookies ( that you get mix and match ) , a ton of ice cream flavors , a great location , and it 's only $ 2 .
i need to repeat that .
only $ 2 .
this place just redefined desserts .
get the dulce de leche on two chocolate chip cookies and your life might be changed .
clean store , friendly owners , and somewhat distanced from the homeless masses that now roam mill ave .

1
friendly , fast , and saturday service .
was able to receive a duplicate title in minutes !

1
dragon jasmine hot tea is amazing

1
this is a gift to scottsdale .
as small as it is i was surprised at how much character it musters .
the atmosphere , staff and food are all enchanting .
i suggest sitting at the bar facing the chefs so you can watch their every move .
my pork shank was decedent as were the leeks .
the menu is constantly changing and features locally sourced organic ingredients .
bonus tip : if you 're waiting on a seat , kazimierz is right next door for a quick glass of wine .

1
hubs and i stayed at montelucia to celebrate our 4th year anniversary .
starving after checking in the resort so we headed straight to prado .
we were greeted warmly and was seated right away .
the hostess was really nice , she checked on us a few times during the meal and was very helpful in recommending food .
our server was also great .
she even insisted to give us a anniversary dessert even though we were too full .
we 're glad we took that dessert though because that banana foster was to die for !
we had crab cake and white kale salad for starters .
both were fabulous .
had pasta while hubby had the steak ... very good .
drinks were good as well and servers were really helpful .
we also came back for sunday brunch and had the same server .
brunch was a bit busy and the omelette chef was a bit slow but it did n't bother us .
would love to be back .

1
love this place & service ! ! ! !
roberto is amazing !
plus mariachi girl singer ... been here probably 100 times ! ! !

1
have you ever bought something and thought `` i want to send one of these to everyone i know `` ?
well , that is what it feels like when you have one of the amazing parisian macarons at essence .
the chef trained in paris and it shows .
the parisian macaron is n't the stack of coconut you remember from passover .
it is more like a giant fluffy cookie sandwich with an amazing creamy filling .
essence makes a plethora of macaron varieties including mint , french chocolate , raspberry , and my favorites , espresso and caramel .
the flavors are perfectly balanced , and the cookies are perfect -- slightly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside .
now i just need to figure out how to ship a dozen to my mom .

1
it always amazes me when other customers have such a drastically different experience than i do .
office is immaculately clean and i did not find it smelled at all ... i mean other than smelling like a doctor 's office - which i find at all doctor 's offices , even human ones .
this is a high volume office so there were a lot of other animals there in the waiting room but i found the doctor took sufficient time with two dogs i brought in .
weight taken , temp taken , check out the eyes/ears , general questions about what concerns i may have , what we 're being seen for , some petting and telling me how cute they are ( and they are , if i do say so myself ) .
the office is very open about the fact that they provide basic care so that they can treat a high volume of pets at a lower cost .
but they were caring and knowledgeable and , quite frankly , not much different in manner to the vet i 've been seeing for 15 years .
and they make good on their promise of keeping costs down .
look , our dogs instinctively know where they are immediately upon entering a vet clinic and ca n't wait to get the heck out of there no matter how many pats on the head they may be getting from staff .
i had two dogs that needed dental cleanings , one tooth extraction and one mole removal .
i have the quote from my regular vet and the invoice from dr. katz and i saved , literally , $ 1700 by going to dr. katz .
i 'll gladly forgo my dogs getting a homemade dog biscuit on a silver platter if i 'm saving that kind of money .
i will continue to see my regular vet should my dogs come down with a serious illness but , i am converting to dr. katz for routine care .

1
yummy ! !
delicious food and wonderful service !
great for dates , growing families , and social gatherings .
love it !

1
healthy food can be absolutely delicious !
try the juiced drinks , try the raw wrap , the raw bagel ( i dare you ) and you will see what i am talking about .
do n't stop there .
.
, the raw parfait and the buddha 's bowl will send you spinning !
and do n't forget the macaroons , the raw donut holes , almond joy bars ... i could go on forever !
cassie is a sweetie who knows what your taste buds like and your belly craves .

1
i loved my experience here at roadrunner .
the entire staff was wonderful and i truly enjoyed the shoes they helped me pick for my foot type .
i 'll be back for sure .

1
love it ! ! !
agh !
their jager schnitzel is sooooo good .
however , i 'm allergic to nuts and they told me all of their desserts are made off premis and they all contained nuts : ( booooo nuts .
but yeah , good stuff .
make reservations though , becasue everytime ive been there it was fairly crowded .

1
omg ... i just had the best grill cheese sandwich at this little cafe !
sourdough with a grilled buttery taste , with a couple of different cheeses .
the pepper jack cheese sticks in my mind the most i have never been offered an adult grill cheese with pepper jack !
to die for and will make you want more !

1
tonight was my second visit , i would give 5 stars for both .
the food is excellent .
the prices are so good we tried three things each night and all was good .
plus the people next to us gave us stuff they could n't eat because they were too full .
this place has very good specials and to be truthful the food was worth full price .
we went early to eat so i am not commenting on the night life as i work early in the morning and do n't stay out late too often .
i am glad this place has a real diversity of clientele because they seem to have it together enough to keep their business in the black and stick around awhile .
the food alone would be enough for me .
the 20 somethings that were around me said they really like this place for night fun too .
oh to be 20 years younger , lol .
this will be a must stop for my husband and myself for early evening dinner and drinks .

1
trader joe 's cashier : hey , were n't you here yesterday ?
me : ( embarrassed ) uh ... yes .
but i came with different people this time !
it 's true .
i could go to trader joe 's every day of the week and never get bored .
i make friends with the people behind the sample counter ( i like to think they will judge me less for taking multiple samples if i am friendly ) .
i have numerous favorite items that are tj exclusives ( ginger cat cookies , anyone ? )
, and they are all priced so reasonably !
this store is a bit small and always full of shoppers , but the workers are nice , the floors are clean , and if you can survive the parking lot the rest of the visit is stress free .

1
i love this place !
the staff is attentive and friendly , the service is fast , the food is great and also a great value .
i recommend the spicy teriyaki but have them add green onions .
the sushi here is also good and i recommend the spring roll sushi roll on a hot day .

1
phenomenal !
get the grilled cheese .
breathtaking .
and might i recommend a mimosa ?

1
this is one of the best seafood places in town !
my husband and i come here often as it is by far our favorite restaurant .
everything we have tried has been delicious !
everything is always cooked perfectly and the waiters are super friendly and efficient .
a few of our favorites are the shrimp san remo appetizer , baked stuffed lobster ( which is cracked for you at the table ) , salmon wellington and a new addition to our favorites is the dynamite oysters .
yum !
if by some chance you can possibly have room for dessert , the amaretto cheesecake is delicious as well !
we love to bring out of town visitors here because we know it will be good every time .

1
i liked film bar a lot !
the decor was cool , very cozy and they had neat moroccan lanterns hanging around the place .
i got a good vibe walking in .
they also had great drink specials - 2 for 5 local drafts which you ca n't beat !
they had a very memorable bathroom , the sinks were outside of the bathroom , in the main room , interesting !
but it actually made sense to wash your hands after you touch the yucky door knob , lol .
while everyone watches you is another story ... haha .
then when we went into the viewing room , they had a large display of cheese and meat and a veggie tray .
.
it was too dark to actually see what we were grabbing to eat , but we all took some anyway because it was complimentary .
then as we were about to leave this guy busts out 3 boxes of home-made cake pops !
sweet .
: ) left a very good impression i must say .

1
i love this place .
its always clean and the flavors change often .
i like that they use fresh fruit too .
its a bonus that when you check in on yelp you get an extra 20 % off of your purchase .
we have become regulars here .

1
i love this starbucks .
fast drinks , friendly staff .
thanks guys !

1
love these apartments .
found online and was out of state and did n't see the grounds or apartment until i was in state .
could n't have found a better place .
love the view .
the pool is always nice .
i have lived here for about 5 months now and did n't even know that there were people living in the same building as me besides the little girl above me .
the online stuff is very helpful and fast .
got a nice close car port for a little extra the night grads are friendly .

1
i have ate at my fair share of german eateries .
here in the states and in germany .
this place was probably one of the best i have enjoyed here in arizona .
it 's a small strip mall location .
but it was clean and all the employees were friendly and helpful .
there were 7 of us for dinner .
we arrived at 7pm .
so dinner service was beginning to wind down ( they are in the dead center of snow bird/retirement land - they close at 9pm daily ) .
getting a table was not a problem .
they had a decent selection of german beers and wine to choose from .
i had the sauerbraten , home fries , and red cabbage .
the meat was very tender , and the red cabbage was delicious !
my sister and my husband both got the jeager schnitzel .
i had a sample and that too was very good .
others ordered the polish sausage - it was a mild spicy wurst , very appealing taste .
the rahm schnitzel was fantastic and i ca n't wait to go back to get that for myself ! !
after dinner we split a few desserts , the black forest cake and the apple strudel .
the cake was very moist and flavorful and the apple strudel reminded me of something my mom makes .
during dessert , our waitress , who we learned was the owner 's wife , gave us all a free shot of their home made apple schnapps .
it was a nice treat !
it was sweet and very smooth .
could have gone for a second round , but it was getting late .
over all , great experience !
we will definitely go back !

1
humble pie really should n't be humble any more ... this place is awesome now !
house made burrata ... house made mozzerella ... fabulous meatballs , tasty sauce on the pizzas , wild mushroom mix ... the pizza , caprese are both amazing ... great service and speedy for take out .
we tried the wings and they are so so ... but everything else was extraordinary .
do n't hesitate this place has been remarkable the 3 times i have visited recently !

1
no long lines , no dmv , excellent personal service !
okay i 'm going off one trip and 1 services rendered but ... hear me out .
so the day i needed to reg my new truck was presidents day right ?
dmv is closed ... my 3-day permit just expired and i 'm on borrowed time and am busy ... somebody , forgot who , told me of this place ... called - they were open ! ! !
score went in and sat down and the two nice ladies helped me very quickly , some small talk - very nice and helpful .
even got a specialized plate and personalized ... they got everything correct and over the next few weeks i got all my stuff from the state and everything was good .
i 'll never go to the dmv again - unless that 's the only place i get it done at : /

1
ever miss playing with your friends at recess ?
well , you can again at the yard !
i was quite impressed with this venue on saturday night , i must say .
first of all , love that yard is `` ridin shotgun `` with one of my faves , culinary dropout .
this place is pretty genius in my eyes , bc they have so many activities going on such as ping-pong and bean bag toss but still has the `` lounge `` vibe w/their couches off to the side .
yes , there were pretty ppl here but i never sensed any lame snobby-ness .
hint : parking is sort of a bitch .
park across the street by basha 's , but beware that the entrance is in the back .

1
excellent sandwiches , cool atmosphere and huge servings .
ate half for dinner and took 1/2 home , the servings are that large .

1
first - eat something here .
it 's worth waiting to find a place to sit .
i sat on the fireplace ledge once .
i get the boursin salad or the chips and dip .
both are incredible .
like out of this world incredible .
my friend loves the grilled cheese and tomato soup .
their wine is always impeccable as well .
i love the roosevelt .
be patient , eat food , drink wine , and be merry .

1
i have been coming here for about a year .
4 or 5 barbers there have cut my hair .
they all do a great job , are courteous , and the price is reasonable .
the barbers all know what they are doing and are attentive to details .
i have nothing bad to say about this establishment .
excellent barber shop .

1
tremendous ! ! ! !
best meatballs in town .
italian sandwich is outstanding as well .
great service and friednly atmosphere .
ca n't wait to try the pizza .

1
i read the yelp reviews online and decided to give them a try .
i was very impressed by their professionalism .
my car was delivered as promised and they kept me informed the entire time .
i highly recommend them !
you ca n't even tell i had work done ! !
whoot whoot ! ! !

1
first impression : geesh , talk about open space and how much these guys have it .
i felt like i walked 2 miles to get to my gate .
on a better note , they are clean , with plenty of restaurants and shops .
staff were pleasant and nice .
the car rentals location could suck , meaning , their counters are in the parking lot , outdoors .
i did like how it 's separated from the airport , so you 'd have to shuttle over to it ... had i understood that initially , i probably would have arrived at the hotel a few minutes sooner .

1
clean and quite !
dont miss the long lines and craziness that you get at the other theaters in the valley .
ultrastar is our new favorite place for movies .
have heard great things about the starclass theater , cant wait to try it out

1
my boyfriend said he saw this place awhile back but did n't get a chance to try it .
well early this afternoon we were hungry and did n't feel like having any of the fast food choices that seem to plague this area .
he drove onto a side street , and paying attention to a comment i made this morning about craving some mexican food , parked in front of mi casita .
going inside i noticed how clean and new it looked .
the other sense that alerted me was smell .
we looked at the menu for a minute which seemed cheaper than most maricopa non fast food joints .
i decided to try the chile relleno burro and he ordered a few different taco 's and a chicken quesadilla .
i asked for a side of guac and a horchata to share .
our drink was given to us right away , but our food we were planning on taking home so we sat at a table and waited .
the horchata is not made from scratch , it 's more of a powder mixed into water .
to me it was sugary cinnamon water , but i do n't judge a place on it 's drink .
it took about fifteen minutes for our order to come out and we grabbed a few hot sauce 's and salsa 's .
i was so hungry i could not wait to get home and dig in !
after arriving in the kitchen and washing my hands i unwrapped the very large burrito , it was longer than the kitchen plate i grabbed to eat on .
the smell was amazing and i pulled of a piece of tortilla near the end to try it plain .
wow .
there is nothing like a perfect , fresh , authentic tortilla .
no copy-cats will ever come near the taste .
it was warm and soft but still textured , it had a slightly sweet taste but with a bit of salt .
once i got into the filling i was in la-la-land .
combined with the great guacamole this burrito was one of the best i 've ever had .
all of the flavors complimented each other 100 % my boyfriend gave me a bite of the taco 's he got and i must say the fish was exquisite .
his chicken quesadilla was so flavorful with a spicy kick in the oh so tender chicken .
we got out of there for about $ 22 and that is very cheap considering some of the chain mexican places that will charge you that much for one meal .
i am overjoyed that we found such a great place to chow down in maricopa .

1
small place ... awesome spring rolls !

1
love this place !
went to the wrong one a few weeks ago and was disappointed .
i am so happy i found the correct one .
amazing food everything fresh and the staff is super nice .
muy bien ! !

1
get the serious slice !
you wo n't regret it !
i 've been to many pizzerias and nothing comes close to this one .
they have this delicious pizza sauce that you ca n't get anywhere else .

1
i have been going to bliss rebar before it was bliss .
it was fate then !
i was elated when a friend and co-worker invited me to his soft opening .
i have been going and in love with bliss since .
i 've always loved the outside bar .
last week my friends had their dinner club party there .
awesomeness that i was invited .
as i was just there to celebrate my company 's agreement passing hosted by bliss !
i took my then new-ish boyfriend to ` haze ' him , if you will to my flight attendant world .
he fit right in and loved bliss too .
i particularly love bliss nachos .
scott loves bliss mac & cheese balls .
we may have ordered two orders that party night .
too many strong ketel drinks make it all hazy !
last week at dinner club i had the street tacos .
amazing .
a few of us shared the hummus plate and again , the nachos with chicken .
several drinks .
i actually had the waiter bring me seltzer to soften the strong of my vodka drink !
where does that ever happen !
my boyfriend had the mac & cheese entree this time .
holy heaven .
i even tasted it .
yum .
the only thing we disliked .
the panna cotta .
on the menu it stated it was with marcerated berries .
it came with kiwi fruit and it was too hard to be called ` panna cotta ' .
which is an italian cream that is cooked just until it becomes a bit thick and congealed just a little less than the consistency of a custard .
this was beyond jello as we have in the us .
so the waiter took it away and off our bill with no question .
he was gracious and nothing but sweet .
i would not ever rate bliss less than a 5 because so many things about bliss are above par .
all of our friends desserts and meals were raved about .
it 's a super trendy , fun and hip place .
great people watching !
awesome sunday brunch too ! ! !

1
always great ! !

1
great for an ice cream .
they make their own ice cream sandwiches in front of you , where they take 2 cookies and put 2 large scoops of ice cream in the middle .
the cookies are always freshly cooked and delicious .
they give 2 scoops of ice cream with each sandwich .
highly recommend .

1
prickly pear has been closed for over a year and i still mourn the loss .
i used to eat there every single day when i worked across the street .
their salads could not be beat .
fresh , home-made yummy tortilla shell with chopped lettuce , other fresh veggies , amazing freshly made jalapeno-ranch dressing ... i threw a fit when i found out they were closed .
chipotle can not touch prickly pear for quality , price , and taste .
do not blaspheme and compare them .
... not even of the same world .
prickly pear - open again in a less expensive location !
i know you can make it !

1
excellent italian salumeria in scottsdale .
pricey if you think you are entering a typical deli , but this is no typical deli .
this is and italian deli by little italy , ny standards .
get the purista sandwich .
prosciutto , fresh mozz , roasted peppers and arugala .
if i move here i know i 'll have a little bit of home right down the block .

1
always great food !
always friendly staff !

1
new owners within the last few months have brought this place back to a top hot spot for me .
the owner is very nice and up forth with his future plans for the establishment .
currently updated is the paint , carpet , small reorganization of the under 1 area , and additional slide to the `` jail `` area .
he has plans to renovate the other half of the building including the cafe .
my little one loves it here .
we enjoyed bringing our lunch in and playing afterwards .
the rate has stayed consistant at 9 $ and memberships or packages are still avaliable !

1
sit at the ceviche bar and strike up a conversation with the chefs .
they are super friendly and the open kitchen is fun for foodies .
the ceviche is off the hook !
try the lobster tacos and rainbow ceviche with a glass of champagne or sparkling wine .
( they need a tasting menu ) the foie gras and fig empanadas are decadent and both the bone-in rib-eye and chimichurri beef tenderloin are cooked to perfection and flavorful .
we need a restaurant like this is cali !

1
i had a really great experience here !
i called on wednesday and spoke to trevor , told him my make , model and year and he looked up some tires for me and gave me a quote for an out the door price .
i did call around and found that not only did discount have the best prices but they had a really helpful and friendly staff , other places i called acted like it was a bother to give a quote over the phone .
friday after work trevor was there to help me when i dropped off my car .
i did n't want to wait around so he told me i could leave my car there and pick it up in the morning .
rad !
so yeah , new tires , very exciting !

1
went for happy hour and was impressed by the great choice of discounted rolls .
tried the chimichunga , tootsie , asparagus , california , and the damn good .
first off the `` damn good `` was money !
the `` chimichunga `` was a close 2nd for me and the tootsie was outstanding as well !
they also had discounted drinks and i had a kirin light with sake .
boring i know , michelle had the blood orange margarita and she thought it was super smooth and went down too easily .
`` it could be a lot of trouble `` was her exact quote .
the staff was also quite good and attentive .
the food arrived with no problems even though the restaurant was quite busy .
the bartender was very friendly and was able to carry on a conversation while still making drinks .
plus she reminded me of megan fox , so thats a plus !
they also have a reverse happy hour so you can get your sushi on , later if thats what you are looking for .

1
my absolute favorite pizza .
hands down .
i am not much of a marinara fan so i loooooooove the white pizza w / pepperoni !
mm mmmm mmmmm we live right next to san tan so we come to this one frequently and also do take out .
i have been to the one 's in scottsdale and ocotillo also and they are just as delish .
on a weekend night there will be probably about a 30 minute wait so get ready for it .
but they are always very nice and welcoming .
i love this pizza .
i cant say it enough .
i have never had a better pizza .

1
love love love !
`` the mindy `` in camping department .
she knows her stuff , rocks a good chat and i was just ever so happy that she was also there to ring me up .

1
i love this costco .
i 've never had anything less than exceptionally friendly and helpful service there .
employees will stop in the middle of working on any job to help me get down large items , look up items in other stores , or place special requests .
love it !

1
i really love this place ! !
nothinglike a fun sunday meal with my family to make me love it even more .
we stuffed ourselves with delish catfish , fried shrimp , and tasty hazelnut mahi .
service from rocky was really fast , effiecient without that fake cloying attitude .
felt like we were the center of the restaurant .
funny how things like fast drink refills , quick service and welltime plate removal can do that .
and here is the kicker of the evening .
.
i know have ordered or tasted every dessert on thier dessert tray , scary but true .
did you know that three of their desserts are made fresh there the rest including cheesecakes are made in texas and brought in .
i got the fresh brulee .
yummy .
ca n't wait to go back .

1
best pozole in town !
i go every chance i get .
everyone is extremely hospitable and the chips and salsa are great .

1
we just signed up for indoor soccer and are so pleased with the facility .
everyone is so nice and professional .
cory is the person we dealt with to try to get our 11 year old on a team because they were full and he genuinely cares .
will definitely do this again !
everyone there was great !

1
the food is excellent , especially the chicken fried steak , biscuits and cinnamon french toast .
we mainly go for breakfast and it never disappoints .
there are also locations in las vegas and northern california and they all delight the stomach and eyes !

1
this was the one spinato 's i had yet to visit and now i can finally cross it off my list !
sunday night rolled around and it was a pizza kind of night .
when it comes to takeout pizza , spinato 's is at the top of our list but we were faced with the pining question : what location is closest ?
we decided that this location was the best choice and made our way down to this hidden pizza gem within an industrial setting .
this spinato 's does n't have the frills but it has the food !
the delicious sweet sauce , the heavenly sausage and the fluffy bread .
i gobble up every bite and i 'm sad when it 's over !
it 's best to ask for extra sauce because their sauce is their signature taste .
the pizza is also perfect for left-overs so i suggest getting a larger one so you have some for the next day !
we got the bruschetta to start and really enjoyed the fluffy bread and flavorful tomatoes and peppercinis .
i love this pizza and think everyone in the valley should try it because they will fall in love too !

1
lovely little place !
it feels like the perfect place to take your mom out to a nice lunch i 've had the shrimp-something-something-salad ( it had avocado , goat cheese , tortilla strips ? )
it was great !
annnnnddd i 've had the chopped veggie salad - also great !
i kinda want to try all their salads now and pick my fav .

1
linda is awesome !
just do n't piss her off : ) good music , cheap drinks , pool , shuffle board , & pin ball machine .
this is my ... f * & % it let 's go to the bar ... bar .

1
it is summertime in phoenix and that means the mercury is rising - not only outside , but on the basketball court too !
i had never been to a wnba game before , but i took advantage of a guys night out package where tickets to the game were discounted .
lower level seats normally $ 45 were $ 25 - and that included one free drink and a pass to the man up zone .
from previous reviews , it is clear that i hate ticketmaster - but even with their ridiculous fees , it was $ 32 .
the drink included wine , beer or soda - so that savings basically covers the ticketmaster fees .
arriving at us airways arena , i found the seats easy to locate .
the arena was n't too packed - only about 50 % full i would estimate - but even though it was not full , the crowd was really into the game and the decimal meter reflected the excitement .
the mercury were taking on candace parker and the la sparks - these two clubs fought back and forth with the energy and game-changing drama of a suns vs. lakers game .
the hip hop dance team put on a show during time outs and half time that pumped the crowd even further .
the video scoreboard announced it was time for fourth quarter and the crowd went wild .
a back and forth match with phoenix 's diana taurasi scoring 20 on the night , and even though la 's candace parker had 26 points and 12 rebounds , the game came down to a defensive stop at the buzzer and a 1 point mercury win !
mighty , mighty mercury , indeed !
it was nice to see after the game that the entire team stood on the court while dewanna bonner addressed the announcer 's questions and thanked the fans for coming out and supporting the team .
a few minutes later two players arrived at a table in the concourse for a post game autograph signing .
another thing that was great to see was the excitement from the kids .
a train congo line allowed people to dance around the court during a time out .
looking around the arena i saw older women smiling and getting into the game probably wishing the wnba existed when they were young girls - and there were the teens and younger girls who were into the game looking up to these ladies as role models .
inspirational for all ages !
what a fun time !
cheap tickets , a chance to see a quality team ( 2007 & 2009 wnba champs ) , and conveniently located on the light rail .
i would like to see more fans get behind the team - these women play with energy and excitement , leaving it all on the court and they are the defending champs .
since being formed in 1997 they have two championship rings .
since being formed in 1968 , the suns have zero .
come out , grab some great seats and support a winner .

1
i ordered flowers long distance from california for a friend who had just lost his mom .
the staff at karen 's was knowledgeable , courteous , and overall superb .
the flowers arrived and were absolutely beautiful .
they put some positive into an otherwise dreadful time .
amazing job overall ! !

1
i am a fan of dutch in the first place .
this one happens to be the closest to home for me .
the staff is always happy and helpful .
the coffee is always flavored well and fast .
you must try this oregon grown place of happiness .

1
damn !
the food was off the heezy .
i was impressed what $ 6.00 bought me `` a big ass indian taco `` .
i was thinking about getting a sugar powdered covered fry bread but had no room left .
if you do n't diet then this is the place to bring your fat ass lol ... konradio

1
yum !
my husband picked this up for dinner tonight , so i did n't see the place on the inside .
but the food was fantastic .
chicken lo mein , wonderful with fresh vegetables .
vegetable fried rice was also full of fresh vegetables , broccoli , snap peas , yum !
my husband loved the kung pao chicken , his favorite dish .
but the best was the spicy shrimp , absolutely divine !
the best chinese food i have had in a long time .

1
three of the best therapist in this location are : brent , maribel , & ruby .
my personal favorite is maribel because of her pressure and slow drag across the muscle .
i 'm a tall drink of water and that works best for me .
i could have wrote this review a while back ; however , i waited to submit this to see if everything still held true .
maribel is always on point and professional .
i love this .

1
i was here for liquid indulgences and crudo did not disappoint ! ! !
also little did i know my bartender was the owner !
he made me an absolutely lovely clover club with hearts in the ` froth ' , so beautiful !
it was almost so pretty i did n't want to drink it , but alas i was thirsty ; ) i have not eaten at crudo for the record ... i did see some amazing looking food pass by though !
i will be back for more amazing cocktails , service and i definitely need to try the food ... if it is anything like crudo beverages i am sure it will be spectacular ! !

1
love this place , we have been twice in the last week and will be headed there today .
sushi taste fresh and ohhh so yummy .
love the sunset roll .

1
absolutely wonderful !
gino , the manager working the morning we went completely took care of us .
we arrived with a cranky 1yr .
old and he immediately recognized that we needed some help .
he ran to the back and brought out an apple juice for our little girl ... awesome !
the wait was 30 + minutes and after 5-10 minutes or so he stepped in once again to sit us down at a table .
the level of customer service at the breakfast club and indeed gino 's help was all the way .
on to the food ... our meal came out faster than expected and was very tasty .
i got the steak and eggs which was great .
my wife got a benedict which was also tasty .
i will be recommending this place to everyone i know based off the experience we had today .
as for gino , the manager ... you ca n't pay enough for great help .

1
are you kidding ? !
my first visit to carolina 's was divine !
i live most of the year in seattle dreaming about great mexican food ... this trip , i found what i was looking for at carolinas .
i 'd read about the restaurants in several magazines and finally made it to the west location .
my family and i sampled several dishes .
the highlight being the enchilada sauce and tamales ( red and green ) .
i also enjoyed the taco and refried beans .
all of the dishes satisfied my craving for authentic mexican food .
carolina 's has rocketed to the top of my arizona `` must do `` list .
i will visit often !

1
i do n't actually hunt or fish , but after visiting this place , i 'd like to take up those activities .
this place is like a giant outdoors amusement park .
everything you could possibly want for outdoor activities is included in this store .
i could spend hours in this store just looking at everything they have available .
plus , now i know where to buy the furniture if i ever get a hunting lodge .

1
i can not get enough of paris envy !
it 's the cutest little shop along 7th avenue .
laurie , the owner , is the sweetest gal and you can tell she loves what she does .
this boutique is the perfect place to find a unique gift , something pretty for your home or handmade jewelry .
over the years i 've purchased : silk throw pillows , earrings , a beautiful custom angel wing wall hanging ( laurie 's business partner makes most of the furniture and other home decor ) , candles , multiple gifts , and on and on .
stop by when you 're in the area ... you wo n't regret it !

1
they are deliciously delightful here .
i really really liked it

1
let me just start off by saying that i am not straight , but i did go here once on a friday .
there were a bunch of hipsters with their shirts on ... that 's cool , i 'm down with that .
i was there with my straight bros from work , and they seem to have a lot of fun so i thought i 'd check things out .
after i went around the room telling everyone i 'm gay , i ordered a drink from the bar .
i measured the percentage of alcohol in the drink with my portable alcohol meter , and it was 0.2 % more than the gay bars i usually go to , but that 's cool ... nothing wrong with that .
but was the female bartender checking me out ?
probably ... so i told her i 'm gay and that this chick was barking up the wrong tree !
that irritated look on her face told me she was disappointed .
just to make sure , i made out with my boyfriend in front of her to make sure she knows i 'm seriously gay .
overall , it was a nice crowd , and i tried dancing for awhile without moving my arms like everyone else was doing .
were n't they hot with all those clothes on ?
but it 's cool , not that there 's anything wrong with that .
but seriously , i poke fun because a lot of reviews are written by people who are uncomfortable with the fact that this club is mostly gay on the weekends .
but forget all that , because if you leave your discomfort and attitude at the door i guarantee you will have a good time .
burn is just about the best thing to happen to the phoenix club scene in a long time .
you will not find any of the attitude that the scottsdale clubs are famous for , and the music is always good .
this is the club to go to when you want to dance , because the dance floor takes up almost the entire club .
but do n't worry because there 's a lounge area and an outdoor patio if you just wan na hang and talk .

1
if you want coffee , this is the place you would want to go .
you will love this place !

1
personable service , rarely a wait , reasonable prices and a good selection of opi colors .
i refer this business to my friends and family .

1
endless shrimp is back for september ! !
( ask for the coconut shrimp ( they are n't on the list but , they 'll serve them ) .

1
i always enjoy breakfast at chompie 's !
we try to make it at least a couple times a month for a family outing and are never disappointed .
my kids love the mickey mouse pancakes and my wife does the gluten free pancakes .
i usually get one of the mouth watering omelets .
yum ! ! !

1
customer service is great .
.
cameryn and peter are always helpful and have a great knowledge when it comes to gaming

1
this is by far the best spa i have ever been to - and i have been to many .
you walk in and feel instantly relaxed .
i got the hot stone massage , and loved that it incorporated some of the native american culture .
afterward i enjoyed the spa facilities - steam room , whirlpool and outdoor pool .
all were spectacular .
the locker room was incredibly well appointed , and i was very impressed that the shower rooms each had shaving cream , a razor , a shower cap and clean towels inside .
if i am ever in the area again , i will definitely be coming back .

1
we 're back !
tonight is was sweet n sour shrimp and mongolian beef with pork fried rice .
so good : ) working our way thru the menu : )

1
second time to blt while in scottsdale .
love it and was first class .
the popover appetizer was so good .
we also got the flat bread at the bar and was great .
we both had the filet with potatoes au gratin with asparagus .
blt is one of your favorites and would highly recommend .
service is super .

1
these burgers are fantastic - made fresh , good ingredients and very tasty .
their prices are very reasonable too .
fries are hand cut and very good too .
would eat here more often if it was closer to home .
favorite place for a simple burger lunch .

1
shrimp tacos !
these really are the best i have had .
i have eaten them 3 days in a row before .

1
been here twice .
once for half price bottles of wine and pizza for happy hour .
and today got the lobster mac n cheese that i saw on the menu last time .
too much for one sitting .
i guess i 'll have awesome leftovers tomorrow ... oh darn .

1
great salads , pizza and wine selection .
hope i have room for a dessert next time .

1
a hip and trendy hotel .
i stayed here with the bf this past weekend .
we arrived early at 11am on saturday and they welcomed us into our room immediately !
( we did n't even have to wait for the 3pm check-in ) : -d i instantly noticed the sultry house music playing throughout the hotel-extra points !
i love house music and it set a great ambiance !
the room was spacious enough for 2 people , bed was sooo comfy we took multiple afternoon naps .
the staff was super friendly and always very helpful ; they even knew me by my last name , and greeted me every time i passed by the lobby , which i thought was a great personal touch .
the bartenders are also really nice , love to chat with the patrons and can make a great cocktail .
it did n't hurt that they serve happy hr from 4-7 either !
the hotel is definitely for the younger , partying crowd .
which i did n't mind because i knew i wanted a trendier hotel with a great location to restaurants , bars , clubs , and shopping .
on saturday nights , you can hear the partiers on the street level , even from our room which was located on the top floor ; but the hotel provides earplugs and i usually fall asleep to the tv anyway , so it did n't bother me .
the pool was my only disappointment -- it 's very small and only has a limited amount of lounge chairs for tanning .
i had to go down and check every hour for 3 hours to see if there was an empty lounge chair i could lay on .
i recommend going to the pool early to snag a chair otherwise you 'll be sol like me .
overall , i enjoyed my stay here .
it was easily comparable to my stay at the w-scottsdale last year , if not better , and most definitely better than the theodore ( formerly the james hotel ) down the road .
i would definitely stay here again and recommend it to my friends looking for a fun and hip vibe .

1
i happened to drive by this place on my way back from the cleaners .
i looked it up on yelp and saw that it had good reviews so i thought i 'd give it a chance .
the place is clean and the people who were there were very nice .
the woman who did my pedi/mani did such a wonderful job .
i had gone to another establishment when i first moved here a couple of months ago and i paid twice as much which i will never do again .
this place is just as good if not a bit better .
as mentioned by one of the other reviewers it almost feels as though you have to give a larger tip for how inexpensive they are and with the quality of the job done .
i will definitely be coming back .
they havec one more satisfied customer : )

1
thought it was worth an update to mention : they have $ 1 records on the back porch that you can spend some serious time sorting thru if that blows up your skirt , they sell new and used record players , storage options , tapes ( yes , tapes a la the 90s ) & some interesting merchandise .
this store keeps getting better , with the same helpful guy at the register .
fantastic .

1
tri tip is very good ! ! ! !
hot tortillas ! !

1
one of the best sushi places in phoenix !
the price is beyond right for what you get .
sushi is always fresh and great variety !
it 's a small place but great service and amazing sushi ! ! ! !

1
i have no connection to the restaurant and my review is based on honest opinion ... the food is special and way above average for a mexican restaurant ... but can not believe anyone would think this restaurant is only average or nothing special .
give this family owned restaurant a try ... they have survived decades in the restaurant business and definitely not a franchise typical chain , check out their history and better yet try a meal at their great restaurant on dobson , you 'll be back .

1
my new favorite restaurant is roma garden ristorante .
when my boyfriend was looking for a place for us to eat he ran across this location , hidden in an unassuming strip mall so many people could easily pass by this place and not realize what they are missing .
fantastic place to eat !
lighting and omnibus beautiful .
workers are always friendly and helpful , and most importantly food is great .
if you want great italian do yourself a favor and head to roma garden !

1
this was my favorite comics store , but it is closed now .
it will definitely be missed - it was one of the reasons we went to this mall .

1
check this place out ! !

1
my 4 month old boston terrier broke his leg and i took him into avs ( which is in the same building but is for emergency services ) initially when it happed and that 's a totally different review ( very poor ) .
since he needed to be seen by a surgeon to determine if he needed a cast or surgery , i subsequently chose this surgical office in the same building which was a relief in retrospect .
tara enwiller was cooper 's doctor and it just so happened that she owned a boston as well .
she was a very gentle person who i immediately got a good vibe from .
she gave me two options and one was $ 1300 and one was $ 3000 and gave me the pros and cons of each .
this was very helpful as she was unaware of what my financial capability was and did n't seem to encourage me to choose either way , knowing what the best care was for him and letting me know and understand that we had 2 choices due to the type of fracture he had .
during this 4 week process , she and her staff have been wonderful .
i have had to bring him back in once a week so they could change out his cast due to it slipping and him growing .
each time , they were very warm to deal with .
the only gripe is the office is ice cold so bring your sweater if you plan on being there for any length of time .
but more importantly , if you are looking for a vet / surgeons office that is the way i described , then choose this place !

1
we are always impressed with our meals at mimitas .
i have tried several things on the menu , but always migrate back to the medianoche sandwich !
all sandwiches come with classic cuban sides including yuca frita or margaritas !
both are delicious .
highly recommended hidden gem .

1
amazing people !
they provide great services in grooming and boarding , and today they just warmed my heart .
they donated their time to help an abandoned dog , on a holiday no less .
if your looking for exceptional care and people to groom or board your loved furry friends , planet petopia is it ! ! ! ! !

1
this place was awesome-good selection of beer and cool crowd .
if you are in the area you must check this place out .
feels like a house party that the cool kid in class is having .
: )

1
i have been going to barbara at desirable skin for a few years now and have been beyond satisfied with her professional technique which is so spot-on i have complete confidence in her guiding me in when to get whatever treatments she recommends to have me look my absolute best .
she is incredibly accommodating in her time and patience and her skill level is beyond compare .
i once tried a `` groupon special `` and was so turned-off by the lack of professionalism that i quickly returned to the excellent service i 've come to rely upon at desirable skin .
with all the aesthetic choices one has in the valley i 'm left with one question ... why go anywhere else ?

1
make sure you pull into this place caddy corner with a hunger for some real mexican .
for real caddy corner , although illegal , use the pedestrian ramp on the nw corner to launch into the parking lot .
works best for leaving , when the place is packed .
this place has some of the best tortillas , frijoles , chorizo and quesedillas in town .
the other mexican joints are trying to do what carolina 's has been doing for years ... the only con is they are n't open on sundays and that they could call in the amigos to renovate the place a bit ...

1
the cheese course was definitely interesting , and my vanilla milkshake was rich and creamy .
this place rocks .
i just wish they were closer ; )

1
great little neighborhood bistro .
food .
people .
prices .
location .
service .
the only thing i can grade it down for is the concrete floor -- makes it a little loud at times .
but , the place is terrific !
update : still loud and still * terrific * .
i do n't know what toni f. 's problem is with maizie 's -- too bad she ( ? )
was disappointed .
i do know what some of mark f. 's problem is -- he writes ungrammatically , & in my view judgmentally and pretentiously .
too bad he was disappointed .
i can only speak for myself -- when i 'm in beverly hills , i sometimes eat at the beverly wilshire hotel looking out the window and down/up rodeo blvd . .
you can read my other reviews here .
i know good food .
i know good service .
imho , maizie 's has both .

1
liver pate plate automatic appetizer is excellent .
prime rib medium rare done perfectly , thick cut .
classy calamari appetizer breaded lightly , not at all over cooked .
the servers get it and so service is excellent , with icewater served immediately , slightly esoteric requests accommodated instantly ( e.g . request for an extra fork resulted in server immediately handing one from another unused placesetting at another table ) , pace of service timely but not rushing , and waitstaff frequently attentive .
expensive , a fancy steakhouse for a special occasion .

1
gorgeous views of the arizona hills for the low cost of a couple of gallons of gas ?
yep .
took my wife on this drive , starting in apache junction and took it the full 50 miles to roosevelt dam .
a couple of things to note : the road is fully paved for the first 30 or so miles but the last 22 are unpaved and about 1â 1/4 car width wide at points .
this is not for the inexperienced driver or someone intimidated by cliffs without guard rails .
some posts warned about the road being rough - which it was at times ( bone jarring ) but we made the trek in a 2013 prius without any issues .
sure you will be doing 5 mph in places , but we never ran into a section of road that we thought we could n't make it .
overall a great drive with fantastic views .
a very unique experience - only caveat is my wife was bored the last 10 miles or so as the scenery started to look all the same .
but we highly recommend it none-the-less .

1
this is the best library in the valley and one of my favorite places to study .
the interior design , water fall , glass elevators and many other features make this the perfect metropolitan library for our downtown .
the top level is pretty quiet and has beautiful views of the city .
quick tip : it seems that the southern part of the building is hotter because of the sun so i always sit on the north part of the building .

1
i love teepee .
the atomosphere in the restaurant is authentic and fun , and the food is killer .
i love the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans ... so delicious !
service is always good , chips and salsa brought out are a major plus , and i always leave full and happy !
definitely would reccomend to anyone .

1
i am the type when i see amazing reviews i then go try it out .
well if i could give this place more than 5 stars i would .
i love this place .
i drive about 25 mins to get to this place , but it so worth it .
nicole is amazing !
i have never gotten a bikini wax or anything waxed in that area , i decided to 3 months ago .
nicole is gentle and amazing .
and you get free underwear whenever you get a wax in that area ! ! !
who ever you get here you will be happy !
i love this place .
i will never get my eye brows done at a nail salon , i will be a urban wax customer for a very long time !

1
my husband and i celebrated our 17th anniversary here !
we loved the atmosphere and the service is awesome !
we are raving fans of citizens public house so knowing that they own gladly , it was a must try !
if you work in the area , check out the happy hour !
fun place to hang out and great bites not to mention very cool cocktails !
the only thing i like better at citizens is that is not as quite and my favorite bartender is n't there !
lol !
definite got to go !

1
this place is amazing !
i was a walk-in with my friend and while it took longer than i had expected , the quality of service was fantastic .
we were immediately offered cold water and a place to sit .
a gel set is totally affordable and they have a ton of colors to choose from !
they were great with small talk and made sure i was comfortable while i waited on my friend 's pedicure .
highly recommended !

1
just had dinner there w/a big group ( 4 adults & 6 kids ) .
our bill came out to $ 84 for 2 plates of sushi & 6 large size entrees ( orange chicken , veggie lo mein , house lo mein , veggie & garlic chix , mongolian beef , hawaiian fried rice ) .
what a great deal & everything was great !
even had some left overs !
located near the scdl gun club .
give this place a try .

1
one of the best italian spots in the greater phoenix area ... i dont understand the bad reviews on the food as i have been many times and have never had a bad meal ... go and see if im lying !

1
wow ... i was blown away by my experience at roaring fork this evening ... from the second i walked in , melissa ( the hostess ) was welcoming and friendly .
i did n't have a reservation , but she accommodated my party of 3 no problem .
i waited a minute before i was escorted to my table on the back patio .
my brother and boyfriend joined me shortly after and we all agreed that this was by far , the best meal we 'd had in a long time !
mike was our server and he was friendly and attentive throughout the evening .
in addition , there were a ton of other employees who came by consistently filling our water glasses , refilling our bread basket , folding our napkins ( at least they did that for me when i excused myself for a minute and returned ) , and more .
i ordered the field green salad to start - it was served with beets , pecans , apple slices , and goat cheese , and i at every morsel !
the boys had the famous green chile mac 'n cheese as a starter and licked the bowl clean !
we all enjoyed the fresh bread as well , especially the jalapeno corn muffins and scones .
for our entrees , i went with the campfire salmon while the guys split a big azz burger and the beef ribs .
we also had asparagus for the table .
the salmon was tasty , but when i tasted the beef ribs , i was in heaven ... they melted in my mouth !
luckily , the serving was huge , so minnie got a special treat when i returned home .
the topper on the 5 star service was that i requested a box to put the leftovers in and i had the box out on the table ready to go and the bus boy came over and sealed it with a sticker .
it was perfect !
we were all pretty full so we passed on dessert even though there were several that looked really good .
total bill for the 3 of us was $ 88 and change before gratuity .
not so bad considering we all ate pretty well and had leftovers too !
i saw that rf has a special happy hour menu with pretty good discounts as well as a special mother 's day menu .
i will definitely be back soon to try all of the above !

1
new york and company is one of my favorite places to shop for jeans , dresses , and business casual clothes and i have always had a good experience there with the staff .
in fact i often come in last minute to pick up things to go out in and i 've never been rushed out of the door .
i find that hard to believe .
one time i even told the girl sorry for being annoying and being a last minute shopper messing up all the clothes when they were trying to straighten them for the night and she assured me that they are scheduled an hour after closing and have certain tasks to do regardless of people are still shopping or not and to take my time which made me feel very comfortable .
also , the `` clothes holding `` policy is at all of the stores , and not just new york and company .
most stores only hold clothes until closing because the `` 24 hour `` rule is too hard to enforce .
that 's not something that the sales assosiate just decides to do , just like they dont decide the discounts or the hours of the store .
it is a policy .
i do n't mean to completely be defensive of the last person 's review but i really like the store and i think it 's unfortunate that due to this one person 's negative experience ny and co is being badly represented .
also , the sales associates have never acted put out when i asked for validation .
the validation is right there on the counter they just hand you one .
however , you can only have a validation ticket if you 've purcahsed something and have been parked for longer than an hour and a half , and that applies to all validations in the arizona center .
if you put in the validation ticket and have only been there for hlf an hour , no discount is taken .
again , the validation rules are not something that the associate decides , it is the arizona center who controls that .
in fact the last time i went shopping there the sales girl asked if i needed one .
i 've never had them give attitude or act like it was coming out of there paycheck .
new york and co always has amazing deals .
they literally never have a huge sale going on and there clearance section is three times the size of all the other mall locations .
because this one is a two story , department style store , they have three times the selection as compared to the cookie cutter , shoe box mall stores .
i highly reccomend shopping here and decide for yourself .

1
we had a living social deal here plus its super close to my company 's vacation condos so we just had to try it .
it was delicious , 5 stars all around .
our server chaz was friendly and and the service from everyone at the restaurant was impeccable .
very attentive , always filling our waters , but the perfect amount of also leaving us alone to enjoy the food and ambiance .
we started with the sauteed calamari .
i went in with every intention of ordering fried but i am so glad we chose the other preparation .
it had just the right amount of spice and we absolutely loved it .
we both got chicken dishes but i highly recommend the one my boyfriend ordered .
chicken with 4 cheeses is the easy way of saying it .
the mushrooms that surrounded it and the perfection of the cheeses and prosciutto along with the chicken ... just amazing .
the prices are reasonable for what you get .
the portions are large and the pasta and sauces are homemade .
if you 're not sure where to go for italian and you find yourself in the kierland area , please do yourself a favor , do n't support the chains like maggianos , head over to this local gem and you wo n't regret it .

1
dr. usleman is wonderful !
he was warm and friendly and made sure that i was well taken care of .
my prescription had n't changed but he still walked me through the overall health of my eyes and what to look out for now that i 'm pregnant .
who knew that your eyes can change with all these hormones ?
i did n't wait at all .
you can download the new patient forms on their website to speed things up , as well .
they accept vsp which was important to me , but even better was knowing that i received a high level of care !
i definitely recommend central phoenix eye care !

1
love this place ! !
pizza is super thin and tasty !
pasta dishes are awesome and well priced !
often there is a wait to get in , but it is well worth it !

1
what a great find !
we were actually looking for takamatsu , and ended up here .
nice banchan - love the sweet potato , the spicy kimchi and chewy sweet things that i think were anchovies and sour crunchy white shredded stuff that i think was cabbage .
i had the bibimbap with beef and my husband had the same but with raw fish .
both incredibly tasty , with a ton of veggies .
huge , too .
very friendly service , and a nice atmosphere .
definitely putting this spot into the rotation !

1
time for an update .
on a seemingly quiet monday evening , we were in the mood for good chinese food .
on the way to jade palace last evening , i said to my hubby and son , `` i am so in the mood for shellfish .
i hope they have it on the menu tonight . ``
to our delight and surprise , there was a softshell crab appetizer ( delicious cooked with jalapenos ) and a full lobster prepared in ginger and scallion sauce .
hubby and i split the divine lobster and it was reasonably priced - $ 36 for 1â 3/4 pounds .
our son ordered the yang chow fried rice ( a family favorite ) and everyone was happy .
manager hugh ( cousin of the owner ) always makes everyone welcome and happy .

1
i like this place.i do n't get to peruse often enough , but it 's always a refreshing adventure when i do have the opportunity .
they 've got a decent amount of crowley and the likes that many others wo n't even carry because it 's not the pretty sparkly faerie dusty stuff .
the folks who run the place are always warm , genuine and inviting .
i even had a spooky kinda thing happen here .
it was 2 years ago in december.i stopped in between job interviews to find some candles for a friend .
they did n't have what i was looking for , but on my way out , a lady sitting at a reading table said , `` before you go , come pick out a stone `` from a bowl of shiny lil rocks .
i picked one i liked and she told me it would bring me something i needed .
i laughed to myself and said , `` well , that would be a job `` ... ( i 'd been looking for a franticly stressed 2 months ) and about 2 hours after i left the store , i got not one but 2 different offers .
i did call the store the next day to let her know what happened .
i do n't neccessarilly believe in that sort of thing , but thought the experience was creepy cool none the less .

1
this place is spotless , has a great bottled beer selection , and has outdoor and rooftop patio space .
i enjoyed a pre-spring training game anchor steam here on st patrick 's day and was pleasantly surprised to find a place to stand outdoors , a friendly dog running around , a lack of douchey customers , friendly service , and a cleaner than clean bathroom .
score .

1
the free valet parking , the service , and view is just the beginning .
the food is very creative , fresh , and prepared to perfection .
the bread was not great and the butter was hard and cold .
a great place for a special night out .

1
the friendliest pho restaurant i have ever been to ! ! ! !
and the pho was great as well .
the cha gao was ok - not homemade like at maxim in phoenix .
eat the pho , pass on the rolls

1
what a wonderful dining experience ... the food is unbelievable ... the owners are so sweet .
.
down home comfort food at it 's finest ca n't wait to go back many times to try everything on the menu ...

1
i was so excited to learn about rock-n-roll fingers after many months of not having my favorite place for chicken fingers in business any longer ( thanks , halley ) !
little did i know that my old favorite place for chicken fingers got most of their ideas from rock-n-roll fingers ... the chicken is moist and tender and perfectly cooked - i love that the breading is minimal on each piece .
sauces are very good - there are several to choose from .
the website shows waffle fries as the standard side , but we received regular fries perfectly seasoned .
the texas toast is really tasty ... bread is not usually my thing - i ate mine and could have eaten another piece .
go check it out and take a friend .
i 'm spreading the word to all the people in my office who used to go to the old favorite ... this will be our new favorite !
alan , thanks for the hospitality on our first visit !

1
there 's a very good reason we had a 25 minute wait on a saturday afternoon ... food is phenomenal ! !
my fiancã© and i went with another married couple and we were all just so happy with everything that we ordered .
i ordered the veggie omelet with feta cheese ... nom nom nom .
literally just melted in my mouth .
delicious food for reasonable prices .
we are now an easy bike ride and i see butters being a normal spot for lazy weekends : )

1
this is place is beer heaven !
over 100 + taps of amazing beers !
this is the only place i will purchase -lsb- several -rsb- beers at full price , not on happy hour .
amazing thing # 2 ~ ( for the girls ) they have a `` shorty `` glass which is a 9oz glass instead of 12oz , it is a beautiful thing !
now i can order two different kinds of beer without getting overly full ( er bloated ) , instead of the two big 12oz glasses !
amazing thing # 3 ~ the food is delish ! ! !
my boyfriend and i split a burger .
bad idea .
it was so good we really didnt want to share it afterall ; ) amazing thing # 4 ~ the staff are awesome !
there are several staff behind the bar and all are happy and willing to help you if your initial server is mia .
they are very attentive , friendly and helpful if you ca n't decide : ) amazing thing # 5 ~ the atmosphere is awesome and the music they play is great !

1
best street tacos e.v.e.r . ! ! !
we loved this place and ate there for lunch every day of our phoenix vacation .
excellent find , thank you yelp !
so happy we discovered it .
best eats of our trip .
ala carte tacos are my pic - they are just over a buck a piece and we loved the pork and carne asada ones .
yum

1
best hotel ... always a great time !
thanks rob & pete .

1
just got back from chicago ... and i was n't as impressed with the dogs there ! ! !
reid , and the rest of the crew at thirsty dog have spoiled me ! !
best dogs around ! !
( breakfast burritos are pretty damn good too ! )

1
came to coconuts for the first time a few weeks ago through the recomendation of a friend .
she was ranting and raving over their fish tacos and coconut shrimp .
well , i finally ventured to try out these `` amazing `` fish tacos and coconut shrimp .
the fish tacos are just ok , nothing special .
i went in a second time ( a week later ) and tried the fish burger sandwich by the recomendation of the staff .
i had the mahi-mahi and all i will say is ... perfection !
the local is also my favorite .

1
perfect for a quick bite .
super tasty , lots of food !
i 'll be back ! !

1
let me start by saying the people that work at fuego bistro have to be some of the nicest people in the restaurant industry .
i love their food .
the portions are huge and the entrees are very tasty .
i love the flavor combinations .
i usually get the white prawns which are absolutely delicious .
i love spice and you get plenty of that at fuego .
the patio is quaint and adorable .

1
i was moving out of my apartment and needed my carpet cleaned asap and done well .
it was a cream colored carpet and it looked more like chocolate !
i called them up and was very impressed by the level of customer service .
when i spoke to mike , he was very friendly and polite .
they did a wonderful job !
it looked just as good as when i moved in !
i highly recommend them !
you wo n't be sorry !

1
delicious dry rib bbq .
had the tex mex plate with ribs , brisket and pulled pork .
the sassy sauce is perfect with the pork and ribs and the sweet sauce makes the brisket melt in your mouth .
the owner is very nice and makes you feel like you 're eating dinner at your texas uncles house .

1
this charming bistro offered everything ... tantalizing food , outstanding service , and the perfect environment to relax and enjoy .

1
absolutely wonderful !
i actually signed up for yelp to write a nice review for this place .
i am not a big ice cream person , have been to italy and loved thier gelato , but never been a big `` oh lets go get gelato `` person here .
the point is that the gelato there is amazing , with amazing gourmet flavors that rotate frequently and i think it is family owned .
the employees are all so sweet and make tons of amazing little concoction samples for you before you have a chance to order .
also , i am a student and they give a nice discount .
try it !

1
so its kind of an understatement that i am a bit of a picky eater .
i pretty much do n't like anything .
my buddy kris asked me to dinner one night and suggested to come to this place .
he said it had good yelp reviews and was close to his house .
i reluctantly agreed , mainly because the last thai place he took me to was kind of `` meh `` .
i 'm very happy that i agreed because this place was awesome .
so awesome , that i have been back multiple times ! !
i 've been to a few other thai places around town , many of which are good , but non as good as yupha 's ! !
i strongly urge you to try this place , i do n't think you will regret it !

1
5 stars for a neighborhood fast foodish dive ?
yup .
carne asada is great here of course , but really , i love being a 4 minute walk from some of the best birria de chivo ever .
big chunks of lamb , little chunks of fat , in a spicy , soupy broth .
great head , too .
by that , i mean i love their cabeza taco .
plus , they are open late .

1
people that work in this place are super nice ordered the chocolate peanut butter protein shake and it was bomb will be back again if i 'm in need if a healthy snack that is still delicious

1
my firends and i go to valle luna at lest once a week and we love it !
the food is great and the staff is always so friendly .
we can go with 2 or 20 people and we are always able to get seated .
they also have non mexican food choices like sliders and wings which are great for a diverse group of people .
i love this spot in chandler az and will keep coming back !

1
great record/cd store .
price is reasonable .
love their listening stations .

1
been going for 7 years now and have not found a comparable neighborhood sports bar .
sure it may not have the best projector 's and may have slow service sometimes but it has been the place to watch the game for us since having moved out here .
sure we lived close by for two years so i may be biased , but we have since moved to fountain hills and we still make the weekly trip down to get our fix .
must haves : monaco focaccia , homemade chips ( cooked `` soft `` pls , but not greasy ) and a tall beverage of your choice .
telluride ranch salad for light grazers .
dessert : the one and only cookie skillet warning : zipps is nice and all but not the same and they do n't do the homemade chips !
downside : must get there early for a good seat , and sometimes they wo n't seat you until your whole party is present .
also , they charge a buck for extra sides !
seems petty , but it 's annoying .
: ( other than that the cafe is where it is at !

1
as a beginning crossfitter , i looked at a few crossfit locations and ended up joining crossfit incite .
i was a bit intimidated at before the first time going because it had been a few years since i had continually lifted and had only really been running on a semi-consistent basis .
however , i knew i wanted something that would kick my ass , get me strong and keep me motivated .
i have all that with crossfit incite .
the workouts are varied each day ( as they are in any crossfit box/gym ) .
i do n't have to think about what i am going to do each day , i just have to show up .
the workouts are tough , too - usually quick compared to what most people spend at a traditional gym , but ass kicking hard .
better yet , as you get stronger and build endurance , they continue to get harder .
the great thing about crossfit is you 're really working against yourself - continually getting stronger , faster , better .
i 'd definitely recommend crossfit incite - whether you 're a tenured crossfitter or just thinking about getting started .

1
first time here !
great food .
atmosphere and employees .
definitely coming back .
the double steakhouse california style with a chocolate waffle cone for dessert .

1
it is great .
great ambiance , food , and service .
i love the rooftop bar too .

1
great food in chandler , love the pot roast .
it is definitely worth the try and the truffle mac is great as well .

1
first of all i have to say the chocolate martini was great .
the prices are a little steep but you definitely get what you pay for .
we happened to show up on their live band karaoke night and i have to say it was fantastic !
everyone was personable and nice .
the waitress was also amazing .
looking forward to coming back next monday !

1
when you walk into yogurtini , you get to breathe and relax .
sometime when i go to a place like yogurtland or yogurtology , you feel squished by the lack of space .
yogurtini is very spacious and very nice ambiance if you decide to eat your yogurt here .
when you go big up a cup , they have huge sizes .
i was wondering why their cups were like bowls .
when you see the assortment of amazing flavors and toppings , you will understand why .
my favorite was a hybrid combo of dulce de leche and red velvet .
i came with a groupon and 2 other people , so we made sure to get our moneys worth .
i enjoyed the natural flavors of the fruit tart yogurts .
i would definitely pay a visit back here because i feel the ambiance and service makes the visit more worthwhile .

1
i love sushi .
i love sakana .
first off , their sushi is typically on point .
i 've only ever had one item i disliked and that 's the seabass .
not a fan .
one item that 's a must have is their house smoked salmon nigiri .
holy effing awesome .
i always want to eat like a dozen orders of that stuff .
the best reason of all for sakana though , is that they are open on sundays and have a happy hour .
for some reason i am always craving sushi on sundays and there is a huge lack of good places open .
sakana saved me and i will return the favor by telling of its awesome .

1
paletas betty provided a refreshing cool treat after our meal at san tan this afternoon .
we walked down the block and around the corner and i had a blueberry lemonade popsicle and mr. m had a mango popsicle .
for $ 2.50 each they beat the hell out of a fatty 8-dollar dessert at a restaurant .
we will definitely be returning for more of these .
the mango tasted like i was eating a chilled fresh mango and the blueberry flavor just popped and that one turned my tongue purple , so that was a bonus .
i am so glad we stepped into this nice , clean little shop .
we 'll definitely be back .

1
friendly staff and i come here for the $ 5 gyro sandwich lunch special .
someone else ordered meatball and pasta and has been very content .

1
amazing ! ! ! ! !
i have lived in the valley for 25 years and have always struggled to find great mexican food until now .
this is a charming southeast valley authentic joint that must be on your list of places to go !
the green chili is some of the best i have had on either side of the boarder and now with the recent addition of top notch mexican beers it even tastes better .
their fresh chips and salsa is spicy goodness , i could have just had that for dinner !
go out of your way and make sure you stop by this well done mexican delight ! !
great job espos ! !
brook

1
amazing service , fantastic food and large portions .
best rice ever ! !
mom is cooking up the most wonderful food .
love the entire family and the service .
~ kristi & chris

1
i moved to arizona in 2004 and have been searching for this taste of mexican food ever since .
last night i finally found it !
i now have a spot to take guests where i know for sure everything and anything they order is going to be delicious and served by a great staff .
also , the margaritas are some of the best i 've tasted .
many thanks to my new in-laws for introducing me .

1
first , i did not eat here .
this has nothing to do with the food .
i was in the area and had heard about this place .
younger crowd ( yes , it 's close to asu ) but good music , good atmosphere .
strong pours from the staff .
i mean strong .
i mean five stars strong , on any type of liquor , any bottle .
if you hang out in scottsdale and need a reprieve from that scene ( and that l.a. / vegas price point for drinks ) , this is a place that should be on your short list .
you will think you died and went to heaven when you get the tab !

1
really excellent seafood restaurant with different menu choices than a standard seafood place .
the first time i was in a roy 's was in the mid 90 's in tokyo ( now closed as far as i know ) and really enjoyed it but never found another one at least any one i had time to get to .
service was excellent , server was able to describe the dishes we had questions on and they were correct .
overall very enjoyable evening and i will be looking for roy 's in more cities i visit .

1
so a friend of mine says he was hungry , wanted lunch .
said maybe a sandwich or a wrap or something or other .
i take a look on yelp cuz i 'm feeling like trying something new .
low and behold i find brosenbrus cafe ! !
with all it 's great reviews i figure we had to try it .
big points for offering breakfast sandwiches all day !
extra bonus for having coffee @ the ready ... tho neither of us had the coffee .
i did have the stuffed philly and it was bomb ! !
french bread toasted and smeared with cream cheese .
then peppered beef , with red onion , tomato and banana peppers .
nice touch !
served with a tasty side of potato salad .
it all rocked .
i will make brosenbrus a stop off spot for me and my friends asap , so can try more of their menu ... up to and including the coffee in the mornings .
might make it back within the week .
you should try it too .

1
have been coming here for years and love , love , love nypd pizza .
generally very good service with friendly staff and excellent menu .
favorites are the chelesa salad , pizza blanca and more recently margherita pizza - yum ! !
occasionally we splurge with a baked cookie ( pizookie ? )
.
always go home with leftovers and enjoy as much the next day .
we usually eat in but take-out works well and so does delivery .
check out their email specials and mon/tues specials too .
nypd 's got it covered .

1
karsen 's is a great laid back bar .
everyone ( staff and patrons ) is very friendly so it has the neighborhood pub vibe .
attention scottsdale dbs ... please do not come here .
you will not like it and the regulars do n't care .

1
i love this place .
it fits my vibe perfectly .
a cool space with a bar and high tops in the front , standard restaurant set up and then a patio with lights and a fireplace .
great ambiance , friendly service , amazing pizza and good beer selection .
even the music they play is good .
i highly recommend the parlor .
it 's one of the first places i went to eat in phx .

1
i made it !
this was a long drive from san diego , but worth it .
the players were so accessible .
my husband , the biggest padres fan -- ever had the best time .
we went to wal-mart before the game and purchased some baseballs and a padres pennant ( for my husband , i personally am a los angeles dodgers fan ) , and collected about 5 different players autographs before the game .
my only regret was that we could n't stay longer and see the other spring training games .

1
if your stuck out and about running errands and you are hungry but do n't know exactly what you want .
a stop here is a no brainer !
the menu is absolutely huge !
literally the menu wraps from the normal menu above the registers and continues to the walls and windows of the restaurant providing us food lovers a 360 degree selection of goodness .
you want pancakes , omelette , or any variety of breakfast .
it 's here .
burritos , tacos , gyro , cheese steak , grilled cheese , burgers , shrimp cocktail ?
, it just keeps going .
just one of those places you do n't have to worry about if you will find something you like .
i think that 's a kind of comfort you ca n't find many places so i have to recommend this restaurant as a required stop when in the area .
i drive around for work a lot making lunch a simplified thing `` what 's the closest ? ``
.
so i look forward to working in this area around lunch so i can stop by .
the burgers with pastrami and the `` king kong burger `` are awesome .
i read another review that said the burgers are tasteless .
most burgers do n't have that much flavor unless your paying for the condiments ( bacon , guacamole , mushrooms , cheese ) or your in need of a kobe burger .
this is not the place .
pile on the pastrami and other fixings and the burgers are hard to beat .
if your worried about the flavor of the burger do n't order burgers plain .
they may seem expensive to some to shell out for the king kong but if your not a big eater this thing easily serves 2-3 people making it pretty cheap if you ask me .
for those big eaters out there the tony 's especial burrito is worthy of a `` man vs. food `` episode .
happy eating !

1
went to lolo 's today for lunch .
oh my !
everything we had was good .
i had a fried chicken breast , waffle and mac 'n ' cheese .
my husband is from the south and he said the mac was as good as his grandmother 's .
i hear she was a good cook .
definitely not for those who are on a diet .
we 'll be back - soon !

1
love it !
this is one of the few places in phoenix i will eat meat , as it is all organic and local !
the food is delicious , and they have some very creative drinks .
the service is great .
i recommend sitting outside if the weather is good , as you have beautiful views .
the interior is also nice , and really open , so you still have some nice views as well .

1
was never a fan of gyros growing up , the last one i ever remember tasted gross .
now as an adult my tastebuds are different and when i tried a gyro at this place , i was excited to find a new love - gyros !
this is the only place i have ever tried them and i thought the one in 48th street was better .
up until the other day when i ordered one and this tasted even better .
this place is pretty quick with your order , it is quiet and laid back .
they make the best gyros i had so far .
if you are a first time eater of a gyro , i recommended this place !
huge pile of meat in your gyro !

1
the food is great .
but the one thing that keeps calling me back to this place is those damn dinner rolls with the spread that 's served on the side .
i 've gone in there and ordered those to go just by themselves .
damn you dinner rolls !
why ca n't i ever resist your warm yeasty goodness ? !

1
i had n't been to the marquee in years , i really ca n't remember .
a friend told me vampire weekend was playing there , and i just had to have tickets .
i was thrilled with the venue .
i did n't care for the opening act ( abe vigoda , a band , not the old dude ) but that gave me plenty of time to hit up the bar , check out the huge patio/yard area and visit the ladies .
all the lines moved fast considering how packed it was , and the staff was all super friendly and nice .
for the show itself , it 's a small enough venue that i ca n't imagine there are too many bad places to hang out , and i was close enough to the stage , but had enough room around me to keep from feeling claustrophobic .
vampire weekend lived up to all of my expectations and then exceeded them and all in all the night was a huge success .

1
the superstition mountains are a great way to get out of the city and enjoy arizona .
lots of saguaro on ocotillo , with all kinds of trails for all kinds of hikers .
a must see when you 're in phoenix !

1
our favorite breakfast place in mesa !
friendly service , great food , cozy atmosphere and close to home !

1
i stopped at this waffle house it was really good , affordable prices and the waffle was soooo good .
i was surprised even the people were ok dint expect this since i was in arizona , maybe everyone is just happy since the food is so good .
its a small place seems everyone is eating next to each other but you forget it once you get your order .
wish we had them in the la area as we lack breakfast places that are actualy good .

1
i went to kens nails on tatum a couple weeks ago and finally found my go-to nail place !
the staff was friendly and helpful and it 's a nicely decorated spa .
i went in to get a mani/pedi and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service .
mandy was my manicurist and she was wonderful .
i got the gel nail manicure which was only $ 30 and the spa pedi which was only $ 32 and amazing !
i am looking forward to going back .

1
my friend and great dinner companion visited rokerij and was i in for an unexpected wonderful night of food .
i heard about this place but never really believed the food was this delicious .
we ordered and shared best of two worlds : the porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes and roasted eggplant and the swordfish with the green chile sweet potato and broccolini .
with sunday night 's half off bottle of wine , this is a great sunday dinner place .
rokerij , you will forever be in my heart as one of the best dinner restaurants in central phoenix .

1
here 's the word from a trusted friend who recently went : very latin it was yummy and fun awesome music fun dancing good crowd on a scale of 1-10 ?
11

1
do n't mean to bore you folks , but i got ta tell you this .
yesterday i went to buy some chicken and pork chops that were on-sale and just could n't resist getting some menudo for an early lunch .
they serve menudo only on the weekends .
i got the `` big bowl `` for only $ 6.50 ! !
and it was a huge , freaking bowl .
and it was the best menudo i have ever had .
i must admit that i love menudo and have had it at about 5 other places here in az , but this was the best i have ever had .

1
yum !

1
one liner : 100 beers on tap !
food : ( scale of 0-4 ) 3.2 anything that starts with 100 beers on tap automatically gets 3 stars before i even get into the food .
the food was great .
first of all , the firecracker wings had one of the most creative sauce that was sweet sour with a nice kick at the end .
then comes the chilean sea bass .
it was perfectly cooked with a soy based sauce on it .
the baby bokchoys were also nicely done .
consuming this food while trying one beer after another , you just ca n't beat that even in 120 degree heat .
extras : ( scale of 0-1 ) 0.9 service 0.2 : decor 0.2 : speed 0.2 : dessert 0.2 : forget about desserts , just drink !
prices 0.1 : my score for this experience is 4.1 stars .
since i always have such a good time here , we will just round it up , slightly .

1
love it , love it !
consistently delicious south and central american food that you ca n't get anywhere else in the valley .
it 's better than mom 's cooking ( good thing she 's in miami and wo n't read this ) and defines comfort food !
as already mentioned in other reviews , do n't go when you 're hungry and wanting to eat right away .
it 's a small , family-run business , and everything takes time .
the final result , however , is worth the wait .
the ajiaco is a thick potato and chicken soup , a staple in the cuisine of bogota in colombia .
it 's delicious and a hearty meal .
the capers and cream are a must - add them in !
the avocado is the perfect side for this dish .
with the cooler weather , this is a must try ; but leave some for me please !
the chicken empanadas are to die for - savory chicken in wrapped in pastry .
add a little lime and you 're set to go !
my husband always orders the bandeja paisa ; another colombian favorite that could easily feed two , but you 'll want your own .
on your plate you 'll get steak , chorizo sausage , pork meat with rind , red beans , rice , fried egg , avocado and plaintains ; need i say more !
to finish off your meal , order the coconut flan dessert ; a delicious combination of custard and coconut in delicate proportions ... yum !
too bad they 're closed on mondays or head over there right now ... ...

1
solely based on the grounds and the bar , i give gainey ranch five stars .
it is a gorgeous and fun place to have drinks and walk around .
the landscaping and layout are well done , but i particularly like the open air seating when the weather is nice .
the atmosphere is lively but grown-up .
although i am typically a grey goose and soda girl , i will venture out for their apple-tini because it is so refreshing ( and strong ) !
this is a great alternative to the bar scene and a perfect place for intimate after dinner cocktails or to meet friends for a rowdy evening at the bar .

1
i 'm neither particularly hip or definably cool , despite my grandmother 's sentiments to the contrary .
i do n't even own a nice pair of skinny jeans ( the world would probably come to an end if i tried a pair on , seriously a hole would open up in the universe ) .
understand , getting to sidebar will make you worry ( rejoice , maybe , if that 's your thing ) that you are about to enter a hipsters only zone .
you actually feel pretty cool just finding the door and walking up the stairs .
however , upon inspection , you will quickly realize that you have entered a bar that is awesome by almost anyone 's standards .
the crowd is basically a cross section of all bar goers west of scottsdale and east of glendale ( north and south simply lack enough definition ) .
the interior is cool and welcoming at the same time .
the staff are simply awesome , both at performing their job and as nice people .
in the 8-10 times i 've been to sb in the last year or two , i have always left thinking that we had an awesome bartender/waitress that night .
that many times in a row makes it more than a lucky streak .
the bartenders whip up some pretty mean cocktails .
my wife likes the white rabbit , which does n't look like a drink i would like .
the first time there , i tried hers , tried some more , went to the bar and ordered one for each of us .
while i endorse the white rabbit , i am a bigger fan of their whiskey and diet , a perfect blend of two very special ingredients ( though one more special than the other ) .
they have a lot of bottled beers from various microbrews .
i first came here randomly with the wife and friends for new year 's eve a couple of years ago and had probably the most fun ever on that usually disappointing night .
i have been back many times and sidebar is always there waiting with a good time to be had .

1
this place was awesome !
me and a friend were first timers , but i have heard many good things .
we arrived around 12:30 p right around lunch rush .
it was pretty packed but we waited probably not more then 2 minutes for a table .
our waitress was super nice , and the food came out pretty fast too .
i had the royale with cheese , and my friend had the shepards pie .
both awesome .
cant wait to go back to try some new stuff .
good beer selection , and pretty well priced for everything .
on top of all that the great staff/service all and all a great experience .
glad i finally got to try it .

1
this was my third attempt at a good , cheap manicure/pedicure in phoenix , and i finally came away happy .
i went in on a saturday around 2pm and it was bustling , but there was one empty massage chair - good start .
a nice , cheerful woman named vung did my pedicure and then my manicure .
her english was about as good as my vietnamese , but we made it work .
she did a nice , efficient job , and gave me a pretty long leg massage .
before putting on the polish , she rubbed half a lime on my nails .
this may or may not have been to `` stop my nails from turning yellow . ``
it definitely had to do with the color yellow - that 's all i can say for sure .
odd touch , but why not .
then we did it all over again with my hands .
i always bring my own , but they had a pretty massive collection of colors , mostly opi and china glaze .
an hour and $ 30 later , i was donezo .

1
a museum about the indigenous people of north america , or native americans .
this place is very well put together , there are people that are able to answer your questions .
their knowledge is vast about native americans .
i would definitely revisit this place over and over again .

1
love this place and it 's food ! !
must sit in the bar area downstairs to fully appreciate the atmosphere .

1
i 've eaten vietnamese food all over the valley and this place is by far my favorite .
particularly the bãºn bã² hue ~ spicy beef soup .
it is hands-down the best version of this i have ever had .
the broth is so flavorful i dream about it .
it is incredibly complex and it 's hard to pinpoint what flavors are in there , but you wo n't care , you 'll be too busy eating the bathtub sized bowl of heaven .
also amazing are the grilled meats , especially the shrimp .
they have a delicious sauce on them and taste smokey from the grill .
awesome on the rice platter or in the `` roll your own `` spring rolls ( a very light and healthy way to enjoy vietnamese ! )
also of note are the rice flower crepe ( allow a few extra minutes for this one if you are in a lunch rush ) and the fantastic creamy curry ( chicken , beef , shrimp or tofu ) .
the entree comes with rice , but if you order it off the `` sandwich `` menu , you 'll get a smaller portion ( the regular is huge ) surrounded by warm crusty french bread .
to .
die .
for .
not spicy but full of flavor and the creamy taste of coconut milk .
they can get pretty busy at times and occasionally the service is a bit slow , waiting to check out etc , but not always and it 's worth the wait .
just ask for your check a little early and do n't be afraid to flag down a server .
they are all very friendly .

1
over the years this place has been our main-stay .
we go for one thing , the surfer roll .
it is the best roll we have ever had , or ever found anywhere .
the place is just solid .
good price , good service and a lot of fun .
take our tip ... forget sitting in the dining room .
sit at the bar , take the recommendations of whoever is working behind the counter , and order at least one surfer .
you wo n't be disappointed .

1
you 've got to try this place !
after living in chandler for a year and half we finally got around to trying jimmy & joe 's pizzeria and we are so glad we did .
first off the place is small but they do have a few tables inside and a handful outside .
we were lucky because the sun was down and it was a breezy night , so we opted to stay but sit outside .
we both ordered the serious slice ; pepperoni .
it 's always good to test out a classic before getting into the complex pizzas .
the pizza slices are pretty serious !
one is the size of two large slices .
they 're similar in size i 'd say to venezia 's but just slightly wider .
they come on round metal pans and accompanied by a pizza cutter !
at first i was thrown off by the pizza cutter and just wanted a regular knife but i soon got used to it and thought it was fun .
the pizza itself was soooo - good !
it was mostly thin crust new york style ; i say mostly because the outer edge , where you 'd normally hold a slice of pizza , was thicker .
i wish it was as thin as the rest of the crust .
anyhow , it had thick melty cheese and oregano sprinkled on top .
i always add more oregano and we both add the red pepper flakes .
we both were in heaven with these slices .
the serious slices are $ 5.50 and come with a drink , .50 cents extra for additional toppings .
jimmy & joes does offer pick up , of course , and delivery .
this place was so good we decided to go back two days later for lunch .
i 'm pretty sure jimmy & joe 's will be our pizzeria of choice for quite a while .

1
some people mistakenly said on yelp that they have delivery service but they never delivered .
it 's ok !
it 's worth the drive and the food tastes best there when it is freshly cooked anyway .
sesame chicken is awesome !
the express combos are great and prices are very reasonable .
it 's a place for people who care about food qualities more than the atmosphere .

1
no matter who , as long as they eat meat ... this is a good decision .
try it all .
the food is a bit pricy for the cafeteria feel , but that 's par for the course with all bbq places in az . .

1
can i get a `` god damn `` for the best new yorker in town .
i think its the cold slaw that has a sweet flavoring that matches well with everything .
if you have n't tried the new yorker ... get it done already , if you have n't tried rocket burger ... then you are neglecting yourself .
it 's great food at super great prices !

1
i was anxious to write a review because i completely disagree with the one star reviews .
my husband had the shrimp burrito , which was $ 8.67 and i had a steak burrito bowl , also $ 8.67 .
they were phenomenal !
as for the comments about portion size , i can only speak for our meals and they were giant and well worth the price !
the drive thru worked just fine .
our order came out exact and customer service was great !
maybe the veggie meals were n't as good , i 'm not sure but we are definitely looking forward to going back !
overall the flavor was great , it was fresh as you could see them making it behind the window and the portions ( at least for our meals ) were very large for the price !
this place will only get busier !

1
on one of my first dates with my now fiance .
.
on the way to flagstaff for hiking .
.
he stopped here at this roadside place .
.
i thought he needed a potty break !
but he comes out with a bag .
.
and says , ` for you ' .
.
some guys give chocolates , parfum and flowers .
.
my date gives me a pie !
yes !
the way to a foodies heart .
.
and waistline !
but all in all .
.
i make the best apple pie .
.
but this pie is up there with mine !
since that time weve had 3 pies from here .
.
its a treat .
.
weve eaten in the cafe .
.
and its tops too .
.
: - )

1
attentive , helpful , knowledgeable staff ... never stingy with the samples ... clean store ... love this place !

1
love the company , products and service .
my wife and i visited from colorado and she was in love !
we love promoting great homemade quality foods and this is the real deal .
if only we had something like this in co , but we have winters so it might be tough .
thanks again for your great products !

1
great food , great staff and i can bring my dog .

1
my boyfriend found this hidden gem .
he highly recommended it to me .
i went in there the service was personable , and extremely reasonable .
i had several work jackets pressed and ready to go within a day turnaround .
not to mention their alterations rock !
i brought in over 8 pair of slacks/jeans to have hemmed and altered .
i pinned them myself and turned them in .
the charge for them to reconstruct these work pants and jeans was amazing and in my budget !
plus they came back pressed and dry cleaned !
i would highly recommend them with any sort of cleaning / alteration they are fabulous .

1
love the girl next door !
my fav drink !
burger are to die for with carmelized wine onions .

1
i just need to update this with some new things i 've found to like about pizza heaven .
first of all : the vegan cheese they have here is delicious .
i did n't know they had it and was stuck getting lousy z pizza when i was eating with my vegan or lactose-intolerant friends .
not only does it get the job done , it gets the job done well enough that no one , not even me , misses the real cheese .
second : not only is pizza heaven is open on sundays , it 's open until 10 pm on sundays .
all those pizza restaurants that think that no one really needs pizza on a sunday can suck it .
sometimes no other food will do .
and luckily for phoenicians , they have an excellent family-owned option when that sunday craving hits .

1
enjoyed lunch there today .
i had there pub board which was a perfect starter .
all the things on there from the soft pretzel sticks to the corn nuts were awesome .
the paninis were probably the best ive had .
the ingredients were fresh and tasted great .
i will be back !

1
i just received a beautiful arrangement from flora unique for mother 's day .
rachel went the extra mile and called me twice when i did n't answer at the door .
super sweet on the phone , and did n't spoil the surprise -- just said she had a delivery for me .
when i saw the gorgeous arrangement i was truly surprised , and the vase it came with was an interesting shape , perfect for reuse .
all of the flowers were fresh and bright , and her color choices were superb .
highly recommend !

1
11/15/13 this location never gets old ! ! !
always remember the `` wiz `` ! ! !
makes a great start to the weekend .

1
great happy hour .
friendly service .
great food .
great cocktail/wine/beer offerings .
awesome patio seating .
i will definitely be back and i will definitely be telling everyone i can about this place and i will definitely be bringing friends .
great job in making a local restaurant shine !

1
this restaurant deserves 6 stars !
the food is delicious .
we had the bbq platter , fried rice , and boba .
we did wait a bit for our food , but it was well worth it .
everything was very flavorful , and full of spices that complimented every bite .

1
an upgrade from their previous metro center location .
atmosphere is brighter and very family friendly .
food was excellent , and there is always enough variety on the menu to keep it fresh and interesting .
our waitress ( abra ) would receive 5 stars if yelp would allow it .
the entire wait staff at the restaurant worked as a team to ensure customers were served quickly and courteously .
the restaurant was immaculate from the dining room to the restrooms .
chocolate mousse cake was to die for !

1
best burger in phoenix .
they have a great beer selection too .

1
leolinda is the ultimate professional .
i have had the pleasure of working with her in the purchasing my first home in az in 2005 , a second rental home in 2007 and then the sale of that house .
i am looking to sell again and i am calling her !
for the first transaction , i was still living in california .
leolinda kept me informed on every detail in a timely manner .
she was always available for questions and guided me with her expertise.i was selling my house in ca at the same time.the difference in the two realtors was night and day .
at the time i was dealing with the death of both of my parents within months of each other.that is when the caring , compassionate side of leolinda graced my life .
she understood the range of emotions i was going thru and dealt with me in a very patient and genuine manner .
when you find a quality professional business person , you pass their name on .
i have with leolinda .
i would have absolutely no hesitancy in recommending her ( and i have-to both family and friends ! )
.
you do not become top in your field , in any area of business , without satisfied clients behind you , an expertise in all aspects of the industry and sound personal integrity .
leolinda has it all !

1
another grade a experience with alphagraphics !
they turned around a project within hours .
when i picked up my order , i learned an exciting and helpful new fact .
they deliver for free !
as long as you give them notice , they can deliver your project directly to you .
talk about saving time !

1
absolutely delicious and and good presentation .
i had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made .
inexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket

1
i 'm not going to quibble over giving this place 4-1/2 stars instead of 5 .
it was an all-around excellent dining experience for my wife and i , start to finish .
prior to making reservations , i checked reviews and i 'm glad i paid less attention to the negatives as opposed to the positives .
including the service , handled by chris our waiter , we could hardly find a reason not to love this place .
we will be going back !
we started by splitting the fennel salad which was light and fresh and a nice start .
we also split the mussels which arrived swimming in a tasty broth accented with tarragon and lime .
very nice !
entrees : lobster ravioli and the gnocchi .
darn delectable delights and definately doable again .
the ravioli was a daily special and when the bill came it smarted a tad when we saw the price but that 's the only minus to an otherwise fine meal .
somehow we found room for desserts , great bread pudding , always one of my favorites and the wifes homemade `` smores `` which she liked as well .
once again , chris our waiter , made the evening as good as it could be and i 'm saying this in response to the few who mentioned shoddy service .
on this night the entire place shined .

1
i recently took my car in after the recommendation of one of there mechanics james stated the shop was honest and reliable.he was right !
after shopping around the dealership and one other place wanted three times what qc charged .
.
i couldnt believe it !
thank you and i will definitely be a customer for me and mine for life ... thanks again ! keep up the good work .
sc san tan valley

1
love being healthy and eating here is easy to be healthy .
i just recently started going here regularly .
i did n't see the old menu but the new one is fantastic .
brown rice wraps are really good and you can put whatever you want in them .
you do have to park underground and walk up but , hey adds to being healthy so do n't mind the little walk .
the sweet potato fries are cooked in air but are crispy like they were fried .
comes with a sauce i normally would not even try but works deliciously with it !

1
good price , super fresh food , very efficient staff ( though i could get my food faster ) considering there 's almost always a few people ahead of you if not 10 .
i usually have greasy ( tasty ! )
mexican food but these guys know how to give you something good and healthy so definitely recommend trying them out .

1
our mom has lived at huger since may 1012 .
she is happy , comfortable , safe , and surrounded by residents and caregivers who are now family .
the staff , cottages , and restraint-free grounds provide an ideal home for mom .
i recommend this remarkable residence for any family who 's loved one has been diagnosed with a form of dementia .

1
a true italian eatery in scottsdale .
no fancy chain glam just homemade italian dishes .
perfect every time .
i have been here 10 plus times .
the decor will remind you of your italian grandparents basement .
if your grandparents are italian of course .
its a good thing !

1
i go here a lot .
everyone there is friendly and remember me and my drink that i order .
it really do n't get any better !
this place can get busy with a long line at times ...

1
never been dissappointed here , awesome food and great service with even better prices !
whenever i talk to someone that has n't been here , i immediately recommend it .
there is usually a wait for dinner but it is well worth it , i have n't tried the pizza yet but everything else has been really good .
a nice place to take a date or go with friends .

1
i absolutely love every restaurant these guys roll out .
they 've done it again with federal pizza .
there are a lot of great places to get pies in this town but only a few good sit down and drink and eat pizza places .
i love lgo but it 's all the way in arcadia .
this place is just as good .
we tried the brussel sprout pizza w/pancetta ( i was sceptical but it was awesome ) and the meatball pizza .
the meatballs here are a 3 meat mixture including veal and schreiners sausage .
it was unbelievable .
ok , the beer .
growlers ( 64oz ) of any of the drafts are $ 15 and $ 10 to refill .
apparently if you order food to go you get a 50 % discount on beer to go which means $ 5 growler refills .
i 'll be coming here quite often .
the beers are diverse and unique .
i picked up a growler of green flash ipa ( 8 % abv ) and because they just opened i got it for $ 10 to start .
such an awesome deal .
get over here right now and try it ! ! ! ! !

1
over the past year i have visited urban cookies a few times , constantly stalk them on instagram ( check them out if you can , urban_cookies ) , and am fortunate enough to have cousins living in the phx area who will make special delivers of urban cookies for us .
this store really is a gem in the middle of the city .
they strive to use local and organic ingredients while providing a high quality and homemade product .
i have appreciated their cookies , pies , bars , and cupcakes even more now knowing that they are constantly testing our new and seasonal recipes , striving for perfection before their product hits the store shelf and goes into the consumer 's mouth .
when visiting the phoenix area i strongly encourage you to sample a few of these goodies !
my favorite is still their pineapple coconut cookies , while their snicker doodles come in a close second .
and remember , anytime anyone offers you a sample , take them up on it !

1
rei .
five stars every time .
they are not a sports authority cookie cutter store .
much more friendly than a cabellos .
top of the line equipment , staff is well trained , courteous , and friendly .
they are a co-op so get a membership and enjoy annual dividends .

1
this place is well organized , great for the kids , great for the parents and any of the family that would like to show up to the huge glass window show of cuteness .

1
i do n't have much to say other than i love this place and their chicken salad is incredible .
it 's a short walk from our house , but is unfortunately always closed by the time we get home from work .
we rejoice anytime we have a day off and we make every effort to make it to hero factory to pick up a sandwich .
i know absolutely nothing about new york authenticity , but i can tell you that this place is damn good .
try the chicken salad .
` nuff said .

1
saw the good reviews , stopped in for lunch and i am impressed .

1
i have been to this cvs like a million times , it 's literally a 30 sec drive from mi casa .
i think most of the cashiers know me & my hubby since we go here so much , for anything & everything from captain morgan/sailor jerry 's for him to yummy scented body wash for me .
i like how they have coupons at the end of each receipt & the occasional extra bucks-woohoo !
they are affiliated with j c penney , so i use my penney 's card here 90 % of the time & the other 10 is actually at j c penney .

1
there are no menus here .
just a big chalkboard that dangles over you before you step into a short line and order your burger .
the first thing you may notice is the `` retirement burger , `` with a price tag of a cool million bucks , and it includes the burger , a drink , and the restaurant .
a cheap joke , or kinda funny ?
you be the judge , but i 've caught myself chuckling at it before .
on top of that , the burgers here are rad .
yeah ... rad .
they cook them right in front of you while you wait and they have an entire table with condiments like fresh lettuce , tomatoes , sweet relish and a few other goodies to complete your masterpiece according to your preferences .
it 's like a waaayyy less corporate fuddrucker 's .
while you wait for your burger to cook up , i recommend an order of the 50/50 zucchini and mushroom appetizer to get you through .
i bought a powerball ticket this week .
if things go well , maybe i 'll get the retirement burger .

1
i walk over here about once every 2 weeks after getting a latte at dutch bros and after a trip to smeeks ... this is a lovely boutique .
i live in the neighborhood ... so i am partial ... but , how cool is it to walk over to shop and get a cute outfit , jewelry , shoes , purse and some fun knick knacks for the offspring .
.
all in one visit ?
if i want something new to wear to postinos , or st. francis that night i can shop here and find something unique , cute and stylish .
hope they keep up the good work !

1
i love this salon .
sally is always able to accomdate my scheulde and get me in .

1
great food , coffee and the staff is great !

1
i love this place !
dirt cheap and delicious , their menu prices could easily double and i would n't blink an eye .
i have tried them all and like them all .
try the fresh spring rolls .
the kids will like the ice cream and the view of the baking in progress .
the place is very clean and service is quick and efficient .
not your average sandwich shop .

1
i have been looking for a barber shop on this side of town that delivered the same quality haircuts i was looking for after being spoiled by richard d 's in phoenix for so many years .
this place was it .
clean , sharp haircuts for me and my son every time .
the price is right where it should be , and the service is great .
if you are in the area , i would recommend avoiding the chains and head into two guys .
they do an excellent job .

1
i took the bf here for his first taco tuesday at gallo .
after declaring the carne asada tacos best , i proceed to order only one carne and stupidly ordered a halibut and a shrimp .
# 1 carne , # 2 pork , # 3 shrimp , # 4 halibut .
after the carne , nothing else really matches up flavor wise .
the tacos are extremely small , street size , which makes me happy as i have a fondness for cute little things .
3 is perfect for me with an app and cocktails .
the guac , although small in portion size , is very good and i am a picky guac eater .
it has little bits of orange in it , which keeps me interested .
we also ordered the shrimp ceviche which is among the best i have ever had .
this will be a regular at my table from now on .
i would be remiss by leaving out the fact that the amazing salsa is served in squeezey bottles on the table , so i can pile my tacos and chips with the extra fantastical red sauce that i crave .
the last tuesday i went , they had watermelon aqua fresca which i spiked with vodka and it was a little slice of heaven on a hot summer night .
the bf likes him some scotch and they had a brand to his liking .
we topped it off with the tres leches cake .
omg .
need i say more ?
i have also had weekend brunch here which i do n't remember having any specials , being in a hotel and all i 'm sure they dont need to attract early eaters but they can do no wrong in my eyes so i will be back .

1
one of the perks to being an only child , is `` me `` time .
there is something special about having time to yourself , when the only obligation you have is to check in on yelp , leave a quick tip , and grab a lemonade from the mall because it is 109 degrees outside .
yesterday was that day .
i had stumbled across the art of shaving .
i 've been in their stores in other cities before .
of course i have ... because if you look at any of my pictures , you will realize a couple things : 1 .
i 'm vain .
2 .
i 'm hairless .
as soon as you step foot into this store , you are in a true gentleman 's club .
not the kind that will take all your dollar bills .
you wo n't make it rain here .
this is the ultimate shaving store .
soaps , creams , blades , razors , balms , brushes , and mugs .
you name it , they have it .
the staff knows what they are talking about .
i explained to them that i have a very old safety razor and a brush .
both were passed down by my grandfather who passed away when i was a teenager .
they did n't pressure me into buying anything , although i did end up leaving with some shaving cream .
they even gave me a proper demo on how to use it properly with my brush .
i 've been used to shaving soaps and the usual aerosol creams ... so the little tutorial was nice .
also , there is a master barber in the back of the house that does straight razor shaves , haircuts , and men 's facials .
remember earlier when i said that `` me `` time is a perk ?
this is the best place to spend it if you are a dude .
if you are a woman , buy your man , or your man-friend a gift from here .
this place is simply amazing .
one last warning .
the store is pricey .
but worth every single penny .

1
this is the finest dessertery & cafe to satisfy your favorite sweet tooth cravings .
they serve world famous exotic belgian chocolates - leonidas , along with various types of coffees and chocolate drinks made with fresh molten chocolates .
they also have sinful tasting pastries and do not forget to try their gelato , italian icecream .
i even got some of these gourmet chocolates packed for friends and family back home .
it 's conveniently located within the new westcor shopping center at santan village .

1
my boyfriend and i discovered indulge about a year ago and had been happy regulars ever since .
great food , fresh , nice service , the perfect place for casual yet healthy custom choices in beef , chicken , or veggie burgers .
no other place like it .
imagine our dismay and sadness when we headed over last night and found the place shut down , furniture gone , no `` we moved `` signs on the door .
just gone .
we read about it after we googled the place to see what happened .
we still do n't understand .
read the farewell letter from lee on their fb page , but it does n't make any reason clear .
so very sad .
we ended up at the z-tejas on shea ... a poor substitute for indulge .
what happened ? ? ? ? ?
major restaurant loss for the area .
please come back ! ! ! ! !
: d

1
this was definitely as good as it gets !
lindsay , you sure know how to pick a great event !
after checking in , i chatted with beth , the general manager for a while about everything i ever needed to know about salty sow and then some .
she was such a sweet lady !
right about then , i realized i needed a drink in my hand and would n't ya know , a server walked up with a tray full of margaritas , it 's like he could read my mind !
the food was out of this world .
my favorite thing was actually the mushrooms on the vegetable board , i could eat those all day long .
i loved the quinoa and lentils , the chicken , the salads , well pretty much everything i tried was spectacular .
while i was filling up my to-go box with goodies to take home for my boyfriend to try , they dropped off a really neat `` party favor `` .
it was a bandanna with a gift card to come back for dinner , another gift card for hopdaddys , a sticker of a pig and some chocolate dipped bacon .
i can not wait to come back for dinner sometime real soon and to check out their other restaurants .

1
this beautiful indoor/outdoor restaurant was open to a big covered patio today , with bubbling waterfalls broadcasting a pleasant sound throughout the place .
after landing in an excellent booth location i was almost immediately brought water and a big bowl of tasty tortilla chips along with bowls of two different red salsas and one of warm bean dip .
all three were delicious , we 're already above the average yelp rating for this place and i have n't even looked at the menu yet !
: - ) so i ordered the daily lunch special , which for wednesday brings out a hard shell taco with your choice of chicken , ground beef or shredded beef , which i went with .
you also get a cheese enchilada , covered with either red or green salsa , & i went with green .
then you also get spanish rice plus your choice of three kinds of beans , chollo , black ( what i 'm supposed to want as a cuban ) , or refried with cheese on top ( my choice ) .
every single thing about this lunch outing ... the restaurant , the food , the service and the value left absolutely no opportunity to rate it at less than five stars .
dining perfection ?
yes , for omg ... $ 4.99 ! !
: - ) )

1
dave deib at us web connection is a really experienced , reliable resource in the world of seo and web design .
talented , hard working and generous , i would call him your go-to guy for any business seeking to expand their online presence .
i have found him to be extremely responsive , and if there is an area in which he can not accommodate you , he will direct you to his many reliable resources in the business world .
with so many fly-by-night operations that pop up in this industry and so many wild claims by people who just hung out their shingle after a couple of classes , i would strongly recommend going directly to us web and taking advantage of a source whose years of expertise and firmly established connections you can trust .

1
i 've found another favorite shop to find local gifts ! !
yuri 's is adorable , delicious and local .
does it get much better ?
located within hilton village , this is a popcorn lover 's paradise .
why you ask ?
well not only do they have sweet and salty flavors available such as cheesy popcorn or caramel popcorn , they also have flavors like chicago style which is a mix of sweet and salty .
plus , in addition , they have a selection of sweets you can add to your popcorn to make your own creation , like cheesy popcorn with chocolate covered gummy bears or caramel popcorn with toffee .
it 's delicious !
the owner was so helpful and told me that if i wanted to call ahead next time she 'd have my order ready in advance .
so you 're wondering about the cost right ?
it sounds like this gourmet popcorn should be expensive , but guess what ?
it 's not !
for two small popcorn bags , it only cost $ 6 ( $ 3 each ) and they are a good size and perfect for a stocking stuffer or hostess gift !
i ca n't wait to visit again and again .

1
one of my favorite places to eat .
great ambiance-cozy but friendly and laid back .
food is incredible !
i 've been coming here for over 6 yrs and never left dissatisfied .
if you want quality new mexican cuisine , or just looking for a small , cool place to eat , find dick 's .
it 's the brown door without a sign .

1
i checked out this place today for lunch when i was super hungry .
ordered the sweets and beats salad with avocado added .
it was delicious .
ordinarily , that would have been enough to satisfy me .
but i was starving because i had n't eaten in several hours .
so i ordered this beet burger ( not `` beef , `` but `` beet `` ) .
i 've never had one of those before .
the patty is made with red beets and a bunch of other stuff ( i do n't remember exactly what was in that patty ) .
it was topped with corn and other various tasty toppings .
it was also very very delicious .
the people there are very friendly .
and the lady who took my first order had the same first name as my last name .
not that that really matters .
i 'm just trying to be thorough .
my friend steve had salad and rhubarb pie .
he thought that was great also .
i said to steve , `` i do n't recall ever in my life eating rhubarb .
not once .
i could n't even tell you what a rhubarb looks like ! ``
steve was shocked .
he described rhubarb to me .
i think i might try that next time .
i 've got to try rhubarb at some point , so i might as well make it an experience at bragg 's factory diner .

1
don , the owner is awesome .
i recommend this man .
he is a pleasure to work with : patient , respectful , not pushy .
he gave us multple options on how to solve our problem .
the house needed the work , and we knew it .
we just did n't want to feel like we got ripped off .
one thing that is unique .
he tells you what time he will arrive , and it is a 30minute window .
he is prompt so , you do n't have to be tied down for multiple hours waiting for the plumber .

1
best gas station .
close to my house , gas pumps give you 10 cents off with frys fuel points , and they have a huge selection of craft beer .
i 'm glad there 's a place nearby that sells good stuff .
they also have lots of hard liquor and wine .
friendly clerks too .
there 's a car wash too i havnt used it but from the other reviews i guess it 's good ?

1
the best breakfast in scottsdale , hands down .
some favs : banana bread french toast , gingerbread peach pancakes , breakfast nachos , biscuits and gravy , the hangover sandwich , giant omelettes and excellent coffee .
you ca n't go wrong with this place .

1
if you have a pet , you should be at the noble beast .
my poor dog has been suffering from severe allergies for years and nothing seemed to work .
we spent thousands on test , treatments and yuppy dog food trying to just help the poor thing from chewing herself to death .
on my last glimmer of hope i stopped by the noble beast and felt an instant sigh of relief .
this ( kind of cute ) guy with a pony tail was more than happy to help me and starting giving me options within minutes .
he took a good look at my dogs allergy report and explained why she should or should n't eat certain things .
i ended up buying a venison and sweet potato food for my dog and within in 2 weeks the redness cleared up and the chewing stopped by 50 % .
i could n't believe it .
i have been a faithful customer since !

1
a bit overdue but i got mike 's name from another realtor that uses him .
what a wonderful job he did on my rental property and also did a job for me on my personal residence .
prompt , courteous cleans up and reasonable .
i love getting personal referrals and michael was a great find .
in the process of referring him to a friend of mine janet oken homesmart

1
barrio does not take reservations .
i was a little apprehensive about throwing a surprise birthday party there .
we showed up , announced i needed seating for eight at 6:30 ... and was seated about 90 seconds later .
what do you say about the food ?
not sure how it could improve .
best guac ( i hate guacamole ) on the planet .
my foodie guests were delighted .
we will be back .

1
the crown jewel of foot spa experiences right here , friends .
it could use a more glorious name than hand and foot reflexology but the direct title certainly adds the measure of authenticity .
i knew it would be the real deal .
so it came as a complete surprise that the therapists added more to the experience , specifically heating pads for every position .
a warm little pad for your back at the beginning , one for your neck later , something near the feet .
also each 2 seat space was protected from the hallway light with curtain panels .
the music was great , the massage high quality , the therapists friendly .
they also never went overboard on foot pressure .
i highly recommend this location if you 're in the scottsdale area .
$ 30/hr , and a nice big tip is a steal .

1
love their guac .
made table side .
saw tim tebow here which was a plus .
; ) yum .
it is a bit pricy for mexican food , but you are in a hotel - a resort hotel - so keep that in mind .

1
the stand is simply delicious ! ! ! !
they will hook you up with amazing tacos , impressive burgers and all natural fries .
this place is a must visit ! !
the service is phenomenal , ever so friendly as well as informative ! !
this places delivers quality and value ! !
my favorite is the standard with cheese , it includes two house-ground patties offering crisp hand-leafed lettuce , fresh tomato , sliced onion , crinkle cut dill pickles , american cheese and their special stand sauce with added grilled jalapeã±o peppers .
amazingly great ! !
oh and lets not forget the side of fresh cut fries and an iced cold horchata .
simply perfect ! !
: )

1
just got my car back from an oil change , tire rotation and brake inspection .
all told , it was half the cost of going to jiffy lube .
the service was wonderfully professional ; nobody tried to upsell me on any unnecessary services .
i know this seems silly to add , but the waiting area was also clean , cool , and comfortable .
i could n't ask for anything more out of a mechanic !

1
trying to boost the reviews to this place .
because this is by far one of the best pho places in the valley , that 's if your looking for a clear broth with a little zip to it .
i have been to a couple better pho places in long beach and new york , but for arizona this one is the cream of the crop .
the pho is tasty , the servers are friendly , and i enjoy the sometimes bizarre vietnamese music videos that play in the back ground .

1
it was my birthday yesterday and my mom who lives in california wanted to send me something , so an edible arrangement it was !
we missed the delivery , so they redelivered it the following morning and i was a little unsure about how fresh the fruit would be , but it is absolutely delic !
it is huge !
the arrangement came with chocolate covered gingerbread men that are actually pineapple cut into men ... the chocolate is very good , not cheap tasting like i kind of expected .
its the small arrangement , but i would n't call the amount of fruit they put in this small .
.
i might have to bring it to work so it does n't go bad ... there 's that much fruit in it !
i am pregnant too , so partly why i think this was a great choice !

1
great crepes .
many options .

1
highly recommended !
just went this past sat night .
you better have reservations !
seafood risotto and lasagna ( only mild complaint was i wish it had more cheese and less meat ) .
mr franco is very nice !

1
this place is great !
i ca n't complain about a single thing .
i order the salad nicoise and my boyfriend ordered the chev vous crepe .
both were delectable !
we also ordered the half and half crepe ( half orange syrup , half nutella ) for dessert , and talk about delicious .
seriously , these are the best crepes i have ever had !

1
chicken fingers .
awesome .
french fries .
fantastic .
peach ale .
delicious .
garlic cheese beer bread .
priceless .

1
it was a beautiful day , i found parking right in front of the restaurant , and we were served quickly .
what can i say - it was a 5-star day .
i had a delicious cucumber & honey lemonade and a scrumptious gluten-free curry chicken with rice noodles .
the curry was not spicy ( by request ) , the chicken was cooked perfectly and the noodles were flavorful and abundant .
the entree was enough for two meals .
i will definitely be back for more .

1
love this place !
went there to get a tom 's hand wash for my car and had lunch while i waited .
got the pulled bbq chicken sandwich with chips and a soda ... really good !
they did a great job on my car ... i will be returning very soon .

1
in need of a spa day , i choose the phoenician spa as a special pampering treat based on many recommendations and beautiful views of the mountain .
a feeling of escape within my reach .
when i called to book , i was recommended the desert scrub , wrap and massage .
i wanted to quench this dry winter skin .
i added on a facial .
i wanted the works .
it is so peaceful and welcoming here .
the staff was very helpful and guided me through my day .
i steamed and relaxed in the sitting area .
love the snacks !
my treatments were indulgent .
i felt like a queen .
i also liked that i did not have chatty therapists .
the scrub and massage is a must !
the facial was relaxing and informative .
i was recommended some products without her being pushy .
summertime i will be back !
i want to experience the pool as well as some energy work .
ladies in the lockerroom raved about it .

1
bff and i decided to grab food last minute and z'tejas was close by so we stopped in to grub .
it was about 7:00 on a friday night and the place was pretty busy .
luckily we spotted a free table on the patio and were able to grab it right away .
our server alex came over almost immediately , gave us menus and took our drink orders ( which was waters all around because she 's pregnant and i did n't want to indulge in adult beverages in front of her haha ! )
when he brought us our water we told him we wanted to order the bottomless chips and salsa to start with because we were starving and needed something to eat just to be able to focus on ordering real food !
he let us know that the kitchen was slammed and that it would probably take 5-7 minutes for it .
i appreciated that because while we could see it 's obviously busy , it 's nice when the server sets accurate expectations .
then he either exceeded our expectations or we have a really bad sense of time passing because it seemed like 2 minutes later he was back with the chips !
moving on to the entrees ... we both ordered the hickory burger , hers medium well with everything and sweet potato fries on the side and mine medium rare , no pickles or onions with regular fries .
to be honest i was nervous he would n't get it right because he did n't write it down , and while we were ordering the same burger , our orders were completely different .
to my surprise not only did the food come out correctly ( my burger really was cooked to medium rare ! !
that never happens ! ! )
but it came out quickly too !
it was so delicious i would have waited for it though .
8 oz .
burger , barbecue sauce , jalapeno mayonnaise , bacon and two types of cheese on a soft , fluffy bun ... i 'd describe it more but i fear the drool that 's forming in my mouth will short circuit my keyboard so i 'll leave it at that .
oh !
one last thing back to our server as well , he made sure our water glasses were never empty !
one of my pet peeves is always running out of water and never being able to find your server but alex was always checking with us even though he was literally running around helping all his tables .
servers at other restaurants who make excuses for poor service by saying that they 're `` busy `` should take a lesson from this guy who provided exceptional service in a packed restaurant .

1
all i have to say is omg yummy ! ! ! !

1
love the local coffee houses !
got ta support them .
i 've been coming in for girls nite & every time have had a great experience .
the iced chai is soooo good .
i 'm hooked .
great music & comfy sofa to relax & chat for hours w the girls .
i 'll be back for sure .

1
the first time i stepped into the store , i was hit by a wave of wonderful aromas that reminded me of growing up in germany .
the lunch meats , smoked hams , brats , blutwurst , etc are from authentic german recipes , and one can even get a real schnitzel here .
the ladies behind the counter treat you like you would get treated in a store in germany , and the store also offers a selection of foods imported from germany .
jams , coffee , breads , dairy products like butter and quark , cookies , candy , canned goods , cooking and baking mixes ... if you have german recipes and have n't made them because you ca n't find the right ingredients , or if you just like good food , please pay this store a visit .
you will be pleasantly surprised .
but bring cash !
no credit cards accepted .
or you could go next door to the black forest mill to have your german meal prepared for you along with a german beer ...

1
this is great ice cream that is made in the store by the owners and their friendly staff .
they have a ton of special flavors and they let you try anything you want !
they really want you to be happy with what you order .
the price is right in line with what you would expect .
cheaper and better than cold stone , and if nothing else they have a friendly staff that always smiles .
i have been going there since the day they opened and have been returning weekly ever since .
for those of you who say it is too expensive or you do n't get as much ice cream as you `` think `` you should , shut up and go to mcdonalds and get their 99c vanilla cone and enjoy the taste of nothingness .
not me .
i want delicious flavor in hand scooped ice cream .
this ice cream is cheap people .
try it ... you wo n't be disappointed !

1
we found this little place by accident .
omg the food was so good and exactly what we were looking for in a hearty breakfast .
next time we 'll try going for lunch .

1
rostias place is the best mexican food place in phoenix .
they have amazing machaca and the salsa 's are always great .
sometime 's the salsa 's and chile are so hot i fear my stomach might explode , but in a good way .
it does n't get any better than rosita 's .

1
our son received lessons from gold medal for most of last year .
he went from being timid about getting in the water to ... swimming !
he enjoyed his lessons , had fun , and trusted his instructor , which is most important .
i would highly recommend gold medal to anyone .
also , nancy is a wonderful instructor !

1
i love this target !
fast moving lines and people are very nice especially in the electronics section .
the prices are pretty good and i rather shop here then walmart on 35th thomas because they are so fast and their parking lot are clean and security person are extremely present riding on segway .
keep up the the good work target you got my dollars .

1
wow , super impressed !
i 've never been but have always heard about it .
i generally try to stay away from huge chain restaurants , but this place wows .
i started my meal with a 1/2 dozen raw oysters , super fresh and just perfect !
i went with this blackened mahi mahi with crab , shrimp and crawfish in a spicy cream sauce .
holy hell , this dish was perfect .
the seafood was cooked to perfection and everything seasoned well .
all in all , a great meal and i 'd definitely come back

1
rule of thumb , if there 's a line of people out the door , it means they 're doing something right .
that was just the case at the cheba hut next to asu .
i was on campus and in the mood for a sandwich but i really do n't like generic subs like the ones at port of subs or silver mine subs .
ever since a friend recommended the `` white widow `` sub from cheba hut , i 've been hooked .
i totally recommend `` the white widow `` but they sometimes run out ( most popular sub ) so i 'd also recommend `` the kind `` .
i 'm a pretty picky eater so recommending cheba hut wholeheartedly definitely means something .
everything in the shop is fresh and they make everything from scratch .
the people working there are extremely friendly and helpful .
even with a line of people , they took the time to help me order .
so , when you 're in the mood for an amazing sub , stop by cheba hut and you wo n't be disappointed .

1
great food .
.
great prices ! !
as stated by everyone this place is the bomb .
great sauces and tortillas ! !
yummy ! !

1
teakwoods was my go to place when i lived in biltmore .
they have such a diverse menu that those of you that hang with picky eaters would appreciate .
they have the usual assortment of yummy burgers and wings .
they serve up a ginormous triple decker tavern club , which is very tasty and you can easily get 2 meals out of it .
last time i went i got french toast at dinner time , how cool is that .
i had left overs for breakfast the next morning .
their meatloaf is delicious as well .
and they serve the best strawberry lemondade in all of phoenix which my wife just loves .
teakwoods actually get 6 yelp stars from me for serving diet dr pepper .
teakwoods you rock and i miss you ; but i 'll be back to visit this weekend .

1
my cousin , tiffany f , recommended this place as one of the local gems to check-out while in scottsdale .
man , i am so glad we headed to this spot after her wedding bash .
this place had absolutely amazing ( hangover ) food .
i had to put a `` little hair of the dog `` and started off our visit with an absolut peppar bloody mary filled with yummy garnishes such as olives , lime , lemon , and cucs .
i had such a hard time ordering and finding out what i wanted that mom and i split a sweet and savory dish .
we opted for the blue crab benedict and the peach creme brulee pancackes .
holy schnikes ... it was amazeballs .
fresh grilled peaches nesteled between two fluffy pancakes with a creamy vanilla anglaise and fresh whipped cream .
omg it was delectable .
the blue crab was fresh , sweet , and paired wonderfully with the creamy hollandaise sauce .
it was perfection .
my pancakes came with a choice of fresh fruit , dd hash , etc . .
i chose the dd hash ( i.e . butternut squash perfectly seasoned ) ; i , at first , was a bit concerned thinking it was corned beef hash .
however , i was not that disappointed because the flavors of rosemary , paprika , and other flavors brought out the delicious flavors of the roasted squash .
i definitely will go back to daily dose when i 'm in town .
it 's nestled in old towne , which is a fascinating part of town .

1
the staff at warner vista animal hospital is top notch .
always caring , helpful , knowledgeable and accommodating .
we 've been taking our two dogs there for over six years now and we have nothing but good things to say .
if you have pets , i ca n't imagine a veterinarian 's office taking better care of you .

1
omg omg omg korean bbq !
this is the first place i ever tried any sort of korean bbq and it 's by far my favorite .
i think based on the fact that everyone else in the restaurant except for my wife and son were speaking korean that this is a pretty authentic place .
oh , and the menu is mostly in korean too , and even the parts that are english do n't really make much sense and some of the descriptions are horrifying to my uneducated ignorant eyes ( you 'll know when you see them ) .
fortunately there 's lots of pictures and i picked the simple chicken bbq plate and whooo boy it 's super awesome fantastic .
the serving staff all speak english and are really helpful in telling you what is what , but all you need to know is to order bbq chicken , pork or beef and you 'll be happy .
after ordering the server will bring over 8 or 9 little dishes each filled with some sort of korean appetizer .
there 's lots of kim chi which i 'm told is excellent , but i 'm a coward .
the potatoes , though were excellent as were several other things that i tried .
if you finish any of the little bowls you can ask for more at no charge .
when the meal comes out you 're in a for a great treat !
each plate comes out sizzling like when you get fajitas .
they 're piled high ( really high ) with your choice of seasoned meat and onions .
and they also give you a big bowl of rice .
each bite is heaven .
oh man , just thinking about it right now just before lunch is driving me insane .
i think i 'm going to have to drag lindsay down there tomorrow night .
we love bringing our friends here .
hodori is tucked away in a strip mall full of other asian stores and restaurants .
its decor is blah , but the staff is nice .
if you 're not korean , do n't be surprised if you 're the only non-korean there .
i ca n't wait to go back .
i must go back .

1
great food .
great service .
great price .
i had the tacos don chuy plate .
two carne asada tacos with beans ( de la hoya ) , rice and guacamole .
not rocket science but well served and delicious .
good salsa too .
go .

1
yelper alert-this is the best kept secret in chandler .
we are now regulars .
food is superb .
service is killer and prices very reasonable .
last night i had the special which was a taste orgy .
i told the server it needs to be on the regular menu .
he said simply ask for it even if its not listed and the chef will prpare it since everything is made fresh anyway .
i am a big eater and $ 10 more than takes care of that .
cozy atmosphere and consistent quality .
1/21/11 we continue to be regular .
this place is off the hook

1
as much as i abhor chains , they have a kickass happy hour .
especially when you have gift cards and then you can eat and drink for 2 , with a bill of about 3bucks .
since i 've yet to find any decent dim sum places in the valley , we tried their vegetable , shrimp , and edamame dim sum and it was good ( yes , we 've lived just a block from san francisco 's china town and we 've had great dim sum , so i 've had some experience ) .
the lettuce wraps are always a good go-to as well .
no line for today 's happy hour , but i 'm sure next sunday it will be packed after their sponsored marathon .
but i surely ca n't complain .
the service , as usual , was excellent .
like i said , great happy hour specials .
i do n't think i 've ever eated a `` meal `` there though .
will have to try !

1
i was taken aback by how good i thought this place was .
the server was super nice and friendly .
the food was deeeeeeeelish i * loved * all the different bbq sauces right there on the table .
seriously , it was my favorite part .
because i love sauce .
lots of different kinds of sauces .
all over my tender meats .
delicious .
the best part ... how flippin ' cheap it was !
we went during lunch time ( which is 7 days a week ) , and i think my two meat meal with a side item and cornbread was like $ 7.99 ?
awesome !
i 'll return i 'm sure .

1
these were seriously the best crepes i have ever eaten .
the staff was super friendly and gave us some complimentary ( and incredibly delicious ) homemade granola while we waited for our breakfast .
it 's refreshing to have a unique place like this in south tempe .

1
are you always wondering what company to have come to service your a/c ?
me , too !
custom cooling will always be the company i call .
honest , reliable , professional , and extremely knowledgeable .
these are the qualities you 're looking for , right ?
custom cooling is definitely the company i 'll call back .

1
wow ... this was a damn good burger !
staff was very nice , place was spotless .
i will be back !

1
tried some ribs - and i agree with the other reviewers : outstanding !

1
yummoooo wings and lots of draft beers to choose from ! !
perfect place to visit before the movies ! ! !
onion rings , sweet potato fries & any beer you want to choose from on tap !
yummy people to look at too makes this a win win for everyone !

1
my family and i always go to this big lots on our way to roadrunner park .
we like to stop by and get bread for the duckies and snacks and drinks for us while we enjoy the park next door .
great customer service .
great location .

1
best bbq you can get from a gas station in scottsdale or phoenix .
the pulled pork sandwhich is just delicious .
the sauces are also pretty good .

1
a great place to buy wigs , half wigs , cocktail wigs , extensions , and more .
the young woman working there is extremely knowledgable and friendly .
she is the best one that has worked there since i started going there 5 years ago .
prices a good too they will order anything you want that is out of stock and get it to you fast .
only thing i do n't like is they have very few blonde items .
i want to send friends there but most are blonde and that selection is skimpy .
some nice nail supplies .
only ones who sells non hypoallergenic nail glue ... .
.
the best !
ca n't do with out it !
get over there ... you 'll like united beauty supply

1
best gyro , and best tzatziki sauce !
also wonderful greek salad !
hands down best greek food in phoenix !

1
what other restaurant offers gourmet coffee for free & a hot breakfast for 99 cents ? ?
: - ) the main store opens at 10 , but the restaurant at 8 am .
i stopped in here a little before 10 the other morning & enjoyed this breafast , consisting of scrambled eggs , home style potatoes , bacon , plus all you want of their delicious coffee ( free with or without buying breakfast at this time of day ) .
what a treat for the price !
want more ?
the 99 cents breakfast is free too on mondays , & the coffee is free every day at any time of day with your ( also free ) membership in their `` ikea family `` club .
hungry again for a snack after your shopping ?
grab a tasty hot dog for 50 cents ( ! )
or buy one of their tasty soft yogurt cones downstairs & get another one for free with your new ikea family membership !
ikea rules !
: - ) )

1
the eggplant bites are amazing !
everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable .
i am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that i found a recipe online and baked one at home .
pales in comparison to theirs !
we 'll definitely be back soon !

1
wow - everything we had here was really good .
the skillet cornbread was delicious .
my husband had the burger and said it was one of the best he 's had .
i had the carnitas sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches i 've ever had - amazing .
they make everything in house - even the bun .
the sandwich was really creative and super delish .
i ca n't wait to go back and have it again !

1
loved it !
this is a terrific alternative to the `` look alike `` restaurants in scottsdale .
it is not fancy , meaning there are no white table cloths and the like , but the food is so good and light ( and very well portioned ) !
the service is friendly and good .
i had to grab my own drinks and silverware , but the table was cleared immediately when i finished .
and the price is right on !

1
my roommate and i drove past this place a few times before finally deciding today to stop by agritopia and see what it 's all about .
you ca n't see the coffee shop sign from the street , so we did n't even know about the place before pulling in , we just wanted to find out what agritopia was about .
the atmosphere is awesome , but i think the coffee is what really sells this place .
i ordered a turtle monsoon which was delicious and my roommate ordered the black & white mocha hot , she 's a coffee aficionado and she said it was much better than anything at starbucks .
they have more flavors of coffee than most coffee shops too .
there is a charming den in the back of the coffee shop with nice leather seating , couches and books , a much nicer place to sit and have coffee while reading than starbucks .
also , what i really swooned over was the variety of desserts .
there is every flavored gourmet cupcake you can imagine including `` birthday cake cupcake `` , `` boston cream pie cupcake `` , `` peanut butter and jelly cupcake `` , `` red velvet cupcake `` , and even more that i have n't mentioned .
we asked if they were hiring pastry chefs and they said the owners do all the baking themselves .
outside the coffee shop is the the coffee shop nursery which we took a look around and they had a lemon tree , a pomegranate tree , orange tree , really nice area to walk around and view the scenery .
this would be a great place to go on a first date .
it 's an old farm and still has the charm and quaintness of farm life .
i ca n't say enough about this place , it was great .
go visit it today !

1
the mushrooms au gratin and the rolled veal breast is excellent !
the chef is a magician !
i would n't say no to anything he makes !

1
amazing patio .
great food .
i particularly like the 6th st. salad and vegan crane asada burrito .
wonderful staff .

-1
this place was very good just 5 years ago !
now , worst in the valley .
chips are bad - they came to our table and looked double fried ... just full of grease .
we asked the server for fresh ones .
he said that they only fry chips in the morning .
he said he should warm these up ... he took the chips that we were picking at and put them into the fryer again ... gross and yuk !
.
.
salsa is old and was setting on the table when we got there ... as it was on every other table with no one there .
ours had started fermenting .
over all just a real lack of caring here anymore .
very sad ... oh very sad ! !
wo n't every be back !

-1
we went there for dinner on a sunday mid afternoon .
and after we got seated everything went downhill the sodas were nasty , the waitress got my order completely wrong , they shorted the hubby on bacon and sausage i asked for a cake to go and never got that .
the only thing the manager would say was i am sorry she did n't put the order in right .
although i guess it was nice that he gave us $ 5.00 off .
we have had good service there so i suppose it 's who you get as a server .

-1
for the past 5 years , we have been going there every single friday , but no more !
we were mistreated and yelled at by the owner ! ! !
she was stressed and overwhelmed with costumers instead of happy to have business .
she could n't keep track of the amount of ice cream cone she had served and decided it was better to scream at her clients for her mistakes and negligence .
all this misbehaving on her part was done in front of children and new trainees ! ! !
nice ! ! !
we will gladly take our business somewhere else where they do appreciate loyal customers and decent families .

-1
the hostess tatiana was extremely rude .
she laughed at my coworkers name .
never had i seen or heard of such blatant disrespect from someone in the food industry .
obviously the managers need to be more careful if they want to start hiring residents of the nearby ghetto .
i got sick afterwards but since my coworker did n't i wo n't blame ihop .
one star for not getting me sick .
minus four stars for service .

-1
i want to give a 2 stars because the service staff was friendly and good as well as ambience was decent .
but we came here for food not to meet the staff .
food was just really mediocre , not even hot .
the hashbrowns taste pre-cut and frozen .
the `` real maple syrup `` is just a maple syrup blend .
i could make a lot better food myself .
we had pancakes , bacon , and the wolf pack .
all the prices were way too high with food that 's more on par with denny 's .
would rather ihop across the street .
unfortunately it looks like another lackluster joint resides here ( before nypd pizza ) .

-1
ate here last night with my husband for dinner .
we waited 1 hour for a table .
we were finally seated at 8:30 pm .
the place was not busy at all .
half the restaurant was empty .
so not sure why the wait .
there were 4 hostesses standing around and several very bored looking bus boys .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
ordered a steak with loaded bake potatoe and sautã© mushrooms .
when food was brought out , they informed me that they were out of potatoes and mushrooms .
a steak house with no potatoes .
really ? ? ?
so i paid full price for a very sad steak dinner .
my plate consisted of a very good steak and a piece of soggy texas toast .

-1
my compass visa acct is such a nightmare to me .
i 'm supposed to get 5.44 % apr balance transfer for life when i first open my acct , but when i received my 1st statement , i was charged 13.44 % apr ( regular ) balance transfer .
also , instead of for life , now it says the duration is only for 99 months .
i called and the phone rep admitted the error but it would require two ( 2 ) months to rectify the error .
then i made my payment 2 days after i received the statement but online still shows that i need to make a min payment of $ xxxx by 5/11/2013 even though they acknowledged receipt of the payment i made .
iwo , the company never bothered to update the online info .
so now , i do n't know if i should make another payment .
this bank must have hired the absolute lowest efficient workers ... ... ... it is amazing !

-1
this was a terrible experience .
i am a regular target shopper and was returning three small items that were less than $ 5 total .
two of the items were not coming up on their computer but were clearly showing on my receipt for $ 105 .
the two service associates acted helpless dumbfounded and definitely not empowered .
they continuously asked me if i had another receipt .
after i screamed at them that it was ridiculous to put me through this for $ 2 , they gave me a cash refund-for less than i paid .
i am still annoyed , i ca n't believe retail has sunken to this level of stupidity .

-1
tough to get a drink here .
my 93 year old mother , her 87 year old friend apparently did n't rate the attention of the table service .
oh yea , the chicken wings were grossly overdone but no one seemed to care .

-1
hey , seriously folks ?
i have wanted to try this trendy little establishment for awhile now .
i love the layout and the open air feeling and the hanging bike for sure .
so last sunday afternoon we stopped in and grabbed an outside table and waited ... and waited ... and waited ... and waited .
my son even stepped up to the bar for service and the bartender told him he 'd be back in a minute but that turned into five more .
so we stood up to leave and our server appeared .
she popped a few menus down and strode off , not to be seen for about 10 more minutes .
i 'm just getting started here !
we ordered a beer or two , which they did n't have .
we went down their list of beers and they were out of six - 6 ! !
beers that we wanted to try .
you 're kidding , right ?
nope .
so we ultimately ordered something she said they had and she came back a few minutes later with another beer entirely .
yep , they were out of another beer .
we ordered food , why oh why ?
got our dried out pressed patties of beef ( ? )
with literally no dressing whatsoever .
the classic burger should have had a bacon bleu cheese dressing - it was absent just like the beer in this place .
score card - service , blech .
beer selection , blech .
food , blech .
handlebar - you had your chance and i 'm never coming back .
sorry .

-1
this gym does not even deserve one star .
not only are the gym staff rude , so are managers , and child care staff .
the child care staff , with the exception of one person ( diane ) , are all worthless and should not be working with children .
i realize it does not take any brains or skill to work at a corporate gym .
after today we will not be returning .

-1
had heard nothing except rave reviews on this place , so decided to check it out .
big mistake !
over priced for the quality .
mixed `` vegtables `` on menu ... not vegtables .
was a veggie .
and if you have a coal burning oven , why would i get some nasty snap peas !
grilled peppers , squash , eggplant seems to be a much better idea .
i went in the next day to complain and was spoken to by a bartender who spoke extremely dissrepectful to me and never offered to even get a manager .
this place wo n't last with a $ 6 burger at flemmings that kills the quality and experience !
too bad !

-1
this is the worst starbucks i have ever been to across all 50 states .
1 .
they ca n't multitask and serve multiple customers ( it takes 20 minutes to get your drink ) .
i do n't care how busy you think you are ; i have seen busier starbucks figure it out .
2 .
when they make a drink with flavoring , they put the flavor in with the milk and steam it , this burns the syrup and spoils the drink .
3 .
no one smiles or says a simple ` thank you ' .
this starbucks is less then a mile from my house ( in walking distance ) i am now a proud owner of a tassimo .

-1
we 've eaten at this chipotle several times and , although it is not one of my favorite places to eat , i recognize that the supposed quality of the food may be better than other fast food restaurants .
that being said today 's experience was not a good one !
we arrived just before noon and there were few people there .
the employees were apparently filling an order that seemed to be causing them some trouble and our food , once started , sat on the prep line for longer that it should have before they finished it .
i took two bites of my taco and the meat was refrigerator cold , not lukewarm from sitting on the counter too long .
i informed the manager and suggested that perhaps their warming trays were not operating properly and she checked and said everything was at targeted temperature .
i had her touch the meat in my taco to demonstrate that the meat was cold .
she agreed with me and said she would make me another .
15 minutes later , since my husband had finished his meal , i approached her and asked that my money be refunded .
she said she had totally forgotten about my taco and she could n't refund my money because the cash register had frozen and she was trying to get someone on the phone .
only after i stood there a moment did she offer a `` card `` for the next time we visit .
i told her there would n't be a next time .
i can forgive one oversight , even two on a restaurant visit , but these folks totally `` dropped the ball `` on ours .

-1
i admit that this is a nice hotel .
the gardens are impeccable and serene .
but the service is an embarrassment to a hotel of this caliber .
the employees are supercilious , and this attitude also runs throughout management .
in short , the employees make this gorgeous hotel an unpleasant place to stay .
the ritz carlton has dated decor , but has much better service .

-1
wtf

-1
this place is awful ! ! !
i wish i could give it no stars .
i had a terrible experience here and wrote my previous review earlier this week .
their pr person contacted me and asked more about it , so i told them .
they asked if they could pass my information along to the director of operations/owner and i received a two page letter degrading me and basically telling me that i am a self-righteous b * tch who knows nothing about customer service and i only care about myself .
todd goldman , the owner who so kindly took `` the time to teach young girls like -lsb- me -rsb- life lessons `` about customer service and the restaurant industry and point out that i `` get so mad and take it so personally that -lsb- i -rsb- fail to think rationally while -lsb- i -rsb- struggle with the idea that -lsb- i am -rsb- not the most important person in the world `` .
apparently my `` myopic viewpoint and exaggerated opinion of -lsb- myself -rsb- are staggering `` .
whatever he may feel about me , i do know one thing about him : i will never step foot in one of his establishments ever again .
this does not seem to bother mr. goldman because , as he told me in his letter from this evening , according to him , `` -lsb- i -rsb- feel that -lsb- i -rsb- am so influential in this community that -lsb- my -rsb- posting will dissuade people from visiting -lsb- their -rsb- establishments `` .
i only wish i could attach the pdf letter that was sent to me that includes all of these lovely morsels of insight and opinion so you all could have the pleasure of reading it .
i can not imagine ever sending something of this magnitude to an upset customer , and yes , i do hope that people read this and see that they should pick fox sports grill , half moon , blue 32 , firehouse bar and grill , duke 's , american junkie or any of the 1000 other sports bars in scottsdale/phoenix to enjoy their bar food , beer and sports viewing .
it is unbelievable behavior coming from a business owner and mr. goldman should be ashamed of himself .
*** addition 10/19/2010 *** i was currently in the building with 11 guests , sitting at a 6 person table when i asked to be accommodated .
i was not asking him to `` hold `` tables for us , i was asking that they take care of `` actual customers `` .

-1
crappy , pissy attitude .
all i wanted was a snack and a lemonade .
no lemonade , no big deal .
but the snotty girl at the window already took my money , and it seems the cash drawer was closed , out right after she took it .
she tried to get me to take a shake ( her : it is worth more , me : no thanks i do n't want a shake ) .
after more offering me options i did n't want , i just wanted the difference in money back , if was quite clear she just wanted me to stfu and take something else , so i just drove off .
no food , no money back .
ok jack , keep my $ 5 , but that is the last of my money you will ever get , and i am really stubborn about crummy customer service .

-1
this has been one of my regular spots for italian beef since the 90 's .
my trip today will be my last .
luke 's used to have their own beef that was tasty .
well today they used some frozen vienna beef that was like rubber , taste was not nearly the same and the color was off .
this made me sad since i 've been a long time customer .
this is n't the first example of them cheapening out .
i guess i will have to go through the trouble of making my own italian beef and will have to find a good jar giardiniera .

-1
i must be too old for this place .
i was n't impressed with the loud rock music playing and the service was only so-so .
we ordered what the waitress suggested which was fried pickles , the mac daddy & the bratwurst stuffed pretzel .
both dogs were bad and the fried pickles were so sweet they could 've been dessert .
the small hotdogs were drowned out by the cornucopia of strange ingredients on them .

-1
service-brand disconnect @ biltmore .
others have commented on the beauty and layout of this store , it 's true : very nice .
but recent experience not so great .
went in to buy a beautiful chan luu scarf in orange i saw a week ago .
could n't stop thinking about it : a good sign i should buy it .
it was gone .
seeing my disappointment , the sales woman offered to get it from another store .
perfect .
she took me back to the `` behind the wall `` scruffy service area ( wow , saks , might need a paint job back there if you intend customers to see it ) , and proceeded to take my address info and credit card .
at the end of the transaction , i asked her if she was sure she ordered the orange scarf .
she assured me yes , although could not show me on the order that it was indeed the orange one .
`` well , it has to be the one they call ` melon . '
there really was no other option . ``
hmmm .
then , i noticed a $ 15 `` ground `` charge .
this was a shock .
`` i 'm paying $ 15 in shipping ? ``
i asked .
`` yes , unless you use your saks card , you pay shipping . ``
a ) you 've got to be kidding me , i would have gone down to scottsdale fashion mall myself .
b ) you assess this charge without even letting a customer know that would be the case ?
c ) $ 15 to ship a wispy scarf ?
not your best , saks .
definitely a brand disconnect from a customer experience view .

-1
with a name like fat burrito , i had really high expectations .
i 'm not sure how this place exists .
i could n't even finish my carne asada burrito because it was so bad and i usually can put down anything .
its a poor bootleg version of chipotle , assembly style ... but its terrible .
i do n't recommend this place unless you want to taste a terrible burrito .

-1
i went against my better judgement and did something i said i 'd never do again ... i stopped at church 's chicken for dinner .
huge mistake .
so the chicken was n't that bad , but the sides made me want to slap them with a lawsuit for cruel and unusual punishment .
i got mashed potatoes and some yellow goop they called macaroni and cheese .
there 's only been 2 times in my life where i could n't eat some mac and cheese ... the first time was in 2008 when i had mexican macaroni and cheese from an mre ( i still have nightmares ) and this garbage they served me was the second time .
they ought to be ashamed of themselves .

-1
`` gordon biersch swillery & franchise `` there , fixed it for them .
these people need to be hit in the nuts with empty bottles of anchor steam and about the neck and chest with full bottles of shiner bock .
take your restaurant concept to chandler and bug out of the best piece of real estate on mill ave .

-1
pricey .
no salsa available .
servers are very pushy and up sell everything , telling you you do n't know what a `` real `` tamale is - oh please educate me because yours are awful .
food was fresh but tasted awful .
one good thing = the guac .
pass on this one !

-1
is there less than one star ! ! !
horrible experience ! ! ! !
my truck was towed from an accident in scottsdale ( $ 80 plus store fees ) fine .
called mark to have it towed to my body shop and $ 390 to have towed basically back here it started ! ! !
what ? ? ? ? ! ! ! !
that 's right !
all they said was sorry we make the body shop pay that and bill your insurance company after ! !

-1
ew .
the only sub worth getting here is the meatball .
even then , just go ` round the corner to jersey mike 's and get yourself a sub with fresh ingredients .
where they do n't stiff you on the extra veggies .

-1
i did n't really have too much of a problem with the surgery part of spectra but the billing department were hostile and outrageously rude !
they sent me to collections for $ 33 after giving me 10 days to pay it .
.
i paid my entire deductible but because it got appilied incorrectly they say i owe $ 33 more .
i 've gone round and round with the eye dr. office , spectra and my insurance .
i 'm not sure who 's at fault but spectra 's people have been soooo rude i would never go back and would n't recommend them to anyone .
i will be happy when this is over and i never have to deal with these people again !

-1
not for me .
i love cupcakes - i like heavy sugary delish cupcakes and these were not .
if you like lighter - if your a person that eats sweets and says , eww thats just to sugary .
than you will probably love the cupcakes .
i tried 2 kinds ... vanilla and coconut .
sadly they were n't for me .
i still think gigi 's is the best i 've had so far .
also , i 'm tired of seeing tip jars everywhere !
the guy behind the counter boxed up 6 cupcakes - was n't all that friendly to me ( was to the teenagers girls ahead of me ) and he moved on to the next customer before i even signed my receipt ... .
where would a tip play into that ? ? ? ?

-1
my boyfriend and i decided to come here just to try it out and , plus , it was on the way to the grocery store .
anyway , when we first walked in , it seemed to be extremely large on the outside and in the lobby area .
after my boyfriend paid for our meals & drinks , we were escorted to our seats .
the interior is beautiful - as well as the tables we ate on !
i absolutely loved the decoration pieces - but , honestly , that 's as far as i 'll go with praises .
while i do understand that one should n't have high expectations at a buffet , we were still met with disappointment .
the food was n't very good and it actually made me sick ( nausea ) while my boyfriend felt it as well .
i 'm only writing this review now because i was trying to take care of my stomach .
the food was very bland period and while the restaurant itself seemed grand and wonderful - the selections were n't very diverse .
it only had the minimal types of food one would expect at a $ 5.99 buffet .
another thing i did n't like were how the selections were laid out as well .
why was the sushi bar hidden ?
the mongolian grill would have been a nice addition if it did n't have pizza , cakes , and cookies next to it .
should n't the cakes & cookies be in the dessert section anyway ?
speaking of the dessert , they were also laid out by the seafood - which , i personally felt , was something that majorly concerned me as a whole .
this buffet was not worth the price my boyfriend and i paid for ( even if we did get free refills ) and for sure , we will not be going back again .

-1
well , i 'd give no stars , however it wo n't let me .
no where on the website did it indicate a closure at 4 pm today , 12/12/12 .
when we arrived , an employee told us that they were closing on short notice , and then said the sign had been up for a week .
as tourists visiting from out of town , i would expect a notification on the website .
i am disappointed ( my five year old sorely so ) that we were unable to do go karts with him .
my advice to the management : please post closures on your website .
there are five year olds that count on that information .
thank you .

-1
if you enjoy incompetent guess work and like being a guinea pig to all sorts of unneeded medication then come on down !
chances are you will not be seen by a certified m.d . they will pawn you off on a physicians assistant , and if you happen to see the actual doctor could really trust the opinion of someone who has a petrified creamed corn grill ?
once you get into the exam room , you wont even be examined , they walk in , walk out and grab their medical dictionary and come back in and point at the most fitting scenario/picture .
what happened to the good old days where you got into a gown and then had your eyes , ears , nose looked in and had to say aaaaaaahhh while having a popsicle stick in your mouth ?
they did n't even break out the stethoscope and listen to my lungs !
i could get better medical advice from a pile of dog shit , thanks for nothing ! !

-1
dã©cor awful .
atmosphere cheap .
service slow .
food mediocre .

-1
bottom line : this was my first time in and i wo n't be back .
i totally agree with `` rebekah j `` , and our experience with this place was not any different .
we were not even given our silverware , and the waiter never came to us after taking our order .
when i went in searching for one , no one bothered to care , and busy talking among themselves .
food was just ok , nothing great .
all this when the overall occupancy was about 25 % .
this was my first time , and would be my last too !

-1
my last experience at this place has been polluting my soul since it happened .
so , i 've decided to `` put it out there `` and release this burden .
my daughter maria had been talking about hot yoga and we saw the huge , positive change it made in her , in just a few weeks that she 'd attended .
she lived in tempe and attended a yoga studio in tempe - not sure which one , but she 'd told us she 'd gotten a promo package through groupon .
this got me very interested and i was delighted to learn of hot yoga ahwatukee and their 2-week new student special .
i committed fully and scheduled to attend almost every day of the two weeks .
their online scheduling system is a super-useful tool .
you get to learn about the different types of sessions , the instructors , and you reserve your spot .
i was grateful for every session i attended - i thoroughly enjoyed every class and would recommend any of the instructors i experienced : laura czarzasty , gabe gavin , sara gordon , and karen santini - each with a different style , but all gifted yoga instructors .
normally , i 'd ease into a physical program like this , but i 'd read about `` the challenge `` they were running ... which is 8 weeks , so i committed to doing it for the 2 weeks of intro package .
my last day would be tuesday , july 31 .
i was so enthusiastic about my experiences , i was checking into foursquare , to do my share to promote the place .
on sunday , july 29 , i come out of class feeling great and made a quick stop two doors away at trader joe 's .
i get back to my car and saw that someone with an unknown number to me had been trying to get a hold of me since i was in the yoga class .
it 's the call no parent should ever get .
my little one , who was riding cross-country with a best friend who was moving back to illinois , had been in a tragic accident somewhere in oklahoma ... and might not make it .
long story short , my husband and i flew out to be at her side ; her sister flew in from chicago , and we bid maria farewell the following day .
these two weeks have been the most difficult and challenging time of my entire life .
and , yet , our spirits have been lifted by the kindness and compassion of every single person that has crossed our paths from the moment this nightmare began ... until i set foot again in this yoga studio .
a knot forms in my throat as i recall this experience .
back in ahwatukee , as we are finalizing preparations to bury our daughter the following day , we decided to stop in to our familiar stomping grounds , at trader joe 's - a happy , friendly place we enjoy shopping for wholesome foods .
when i noticed hot yoga a few doors down , i mentioned to my husband that i would like to stop in to see if i might appeal to management , to see if they might consider replacing the two sessions i had booked on their online schedule but had missed due to ... well , the above circumstances .
two hot yoga sessions would have been sooo soothing and renewing for my soul .
plus , having my husband with me at the time , i figured it would be a good opportunity to sign up for the next unlimited package .
we walked in to see an older blonde woman on `` this `` side of the reception desk .
i took her to be a student , so i started telling my tale to the young woman behind the counter .
she seemed a bit sympathetic and asked when this had happened .
i noticed my husband having a conversation with the woman and heard him telling me something about her being the owner .
( i now recognize her from this article with her photo and , yes , this is she -lsb- cringe ! -rsb-
: http : //bit.ly/rbkb4n ) so , i directed my request to the owner , naã¯vely believing that of all places , i would surely be met with generosity in this place .
her response fell on me like a ton of bricks .
she told me , and actually repeated , that the offer was for a two-week period and i had attended a total of nine classes - implying that i 'd gotten my money 's worth -- and that she was not going to replace the two scheduled classes ... since i did n't pay for the classes , i 'd paid for the two-week time period , which had already expired .
this response , and from the owner no less , was the last thing i ever expected .
so much for namaste and all that feel-good b.s . !
i feel sorry for the instructors and anyone who works here .
must be tough working for such a cold-hearted , so-and-so .
on our way out , i mentioned i would be sharing this experience with my extensive network of friends .
she did n't seem to care .
i read this and seems so inconsequential .
why am i making such a big deal about this ?
because it hurts and because it 's coming from a place where i expected some degree of compassion .
i thought it best to not dwell on this bad experience and just let it go , but it 's been hanging over me .
i have more important people and things where i should be focusing my energy ; so , again , i 'm putting this out there and releasing it .

-1
of all the starbucks i 've been to , the ones on this campus are terrible and this starbucks is the worst .
the wait is long because in addition to a line out the door , the staff is completely uncoordinated and generally only one register is open with one person making drinks .
another issue is the one person who is making drinks is terrible at their job .
a request for a splash of milk will result in half of the total volume of your drink being milk .
to my knowledge , it is only at this location where ` splash ' is equivalent to ` au lait . '
finally , their prices are higher by 5 to 15 % of actual starbucks locations , and they do not utilize any of the green or gold card rewards - so you can not get your free coffee or free refills as you can at all other locations .
to quote another yelp review , `` the convenience of the location being right on campus is not worth going to with services like this . ``
if i could give this location zero stars , i would .

-1
how this place has great reviews is completely beyond me !
i have never been in a dirtier , less visually appealing salon with the most unfriendly employees ever !
i went here specifically because of the reviews .
maybe i got spoiled living in ca ( where every salon i went to for 11 years was clean , nicely decorated and had great employees ) , but in my opinion this place a dump .
upon entering the salon for the first time i had a hard time finding the front desk .
it 's hidden around the corner .
the first thing you see when you walk in is a crappy shelving unit holding dirty goggles and towels .
and do n't even get me started about the paint job or rest of the decor in this place .
i felt like i needed a shower upon entering this place .
when i finally made my way around to the front desk ( if you can call it that ) i did n't even get a `` hi `` , `` hello `` ... not even an `` f you , you 're interrupting me while i 'm staring at my nails `` .
* i * , the customer , greeted the employee with a smile and a `` hello ! ``
.
i told her it was my first time at this salon and that i 'd like to purhcase five tans in a level 2 bed .
i did n't even ask her any annoying questions because i 'm capable of reading the board on the wall myself , yet she treated me like i just asked her for a kidney .
she threw a clipboard in my direction and said `` fill this out . ``
i filled out the portion with my name and address and began checking yes or no to the additional questions on the waiver ( that silly legal form that protects them from being sued ) .
she yelled at me that i did n't need to answer the questions and that i should just sign the bottom .
ok , sure .
i can not answer any of the important questions that you might need to know about a new client ... like whether or not i burn easily , etc . .
i mentioned to her that i had not been tanning in over a year so i did n't want to go to the full time .
typically when you go to a new salon they will recommend a time based on what they know about their beds .
she took my money and in the most annoyed voice ever said `` how long ? ``
ummmmm , i just told you i had n't been tanning in a while , so again , i have n't been tanning in a while .
how long do you recommend ?
her response `` seven ? ? ? ? ``
a question .
why are you asking me ?
i know nothing about your level two beds and since you did n't have me answer any of those silly questions on your waiver i doubt you could make a proper recommendation anyway .
so sure , i guess seven is good .
another customer happened to walk in behind me during this exchange and the girl behind the counter said `` follow me `` and did n't say a word to the other customer .
a `` i 'll be with you in just a moment `` would have been completely appropriate and normal in this situation .
so i follow her down a narrow bright red hallway ( that it looks like my nine year old painted ) to a room with a flimsy folding door .
she then tells me to bring my dirty googles and towel back to the front and drop them in the baskets .
wait ... what ? ? ? !
do you want me to wipe down the bed and do a load of laundry for you too ?
why am i paying you for me to do your job for you ?
i have never been asked to clean up after myself at a tanning salon ... ever !
this made me wonder if they even go in there and clean the bed after i 'm done .
so i fold my door behind her and latch it with the flimsy lock they 've placed because a regular door lock wo n't work .
i put on my lotion in the tiny room ( banging my elbows on the walls and bed in the four inch square space i have ) and step into the stand up bed .
the lights eventually flicker on and i notive several long hairs caught in the wiring surrounding the bed .
now i realize this is perfectly normal , but if they cleaned the bed every once in a while they might pick out the long hairs that have been there for over two weeks now ( as i 've noticed in my subsequent visits ) .
the other two times i 've been i 've dealt with another girl who seems a little more friendly , but i have to say i 'll be finishing up my five tan package and never return to this little hole again .
this place leaves so much to be desired .
for the amount they charge they need to clean up a little , repaint and consider having the employees do the cleaning instead of the customers .
first impressions are everything people !

-1
only four cars in front of mine and thirty minutes later they still have not wiped my car down .

-1
i really , really wanted to like this pizzeria .
the first time we ordered pizza from jimmy & joes , there was barely any pepperoni on it .
hoping it was an oversight by a new ahwatukee business , we ordered again and mentioned the lack of pepperoni on our first order .
they apologized and said they would pass the message along .
a lot of good that did - pretty sure we had even less pepperoni the second time .
there is absolutely nothing special about this pizza .
it 's expensive ( comparable to spinatos or oreganos ) , but the same quality as a fast-food pizza chain .
save your money and order from dominos or papa johns - they actually taste better .
want good pizza ?
go to spinatos or oreganos .

-1
i take it back , i had my transmission fluid changed there in december , i took my car to pep boys this week and guess what they recommended ... i need my transmission fluid changed because its really dirty .
boooooooooooo midas

-1
a friend was visiting from out of town and we decided we wanted a pampering experience .
so , rather than go to my neighborhood mani/pedi place , we went over to old town scottsdale for lunch and a ( we hoped ) luxurious pedicure .
this place looked very promising , and the lady at the front really talked them up , so we took the plunge .
everything seemed promising ... we waited in a lovely outdoor area until they were ready for us .
then ... disappointment .
the pedicure was nothing i could n't get for half the price , the massage chairs just vibrated , my feet were still a little rough afterward , and the paint job was n't even that good .
basically , this was very overpriced for what was an incredibly unexceptional pedicure .
we still enjoyed ourselves , but agreed we would never go back there .

-1
waited 15 mins for our order to be eaten there .
drive through went 10x faster .
also awkward atmosphere , and of course lots n lots of blue hairs ! !
go to the next one down the road .

-1
aweful service , when we arrived at least 5 out of 8 tables were empty but dirty , we had to wait 10 minutes to get someone ask `` do you want to seat here ? ``
duh !

-1
my first clue should have been that it is on grand ave. dirty and moist .
i felt like i needed a shower and a tall glass of airborne after i left this place .
the best thing , people watching .
it 's very fascinating to see who walks into this place .

-1
i generally try to avoid this location , mostly late at night .
it seems like there are always hoodlums hanging around outside , and the store itself is run down and old .
i 've heard that circle k plans to replace this building soon , which is an excellent idea .
but when the qt opens across the street , i will likely try to go there instead anyhow .
i wonder if others will do the same , and thus help speed up the decision to demolish and rebuild .

-1
i went to this shop to get fresh squeezed juice .
i reviewed the website before visiting and found that they had many fresh juice options .
however , when i got to the shop all they offered was carrot , apple or orange juice .
they did not offer any othet combinations of fruits and vegetables .
the associate told me that they no longer offer the other varieties because they found it to be a loss of money because nobody ever purchased the juices and the fruit and vegatables were going bad too quickly .
to say the least i was very disappointed and tried the soy sensation instead .
i was not overly excited about this smoothie .
i will not return to this shop unless they decide to add more juices to the menu .
i would recommend updating the website and possibly changing the name since juices are not a top priority .
huge let down .

-1
2/2/11 - talk about going downhill !
dunno know if it is a new mgr or what but when i get a roll with my salad and the bottom half is covered in black mold ... eek !
this little stuck-in-the-seventies place is the restaurant at the belair golf course off of bell rd . .
its really somewhat of a hidden gem though if you 're looking for regular ol ' american food .
its quiet , has a lovely view of the lake , peaceful , good service and above average food .
the breakfast is especially good with the chicken fried steak being my personal favorite .
its actually real steak not some pre-breaded b.s . i like the club sandwich for lunch - generous amounts of meat , fresh lettuce & tomato , hot fries - how can you go wrong ?
my only reason for not giving it another star would be the decor .
its perfectly fine , i guess .
it 's clean .
its just so seventies .
but , hey , go there to relax with friends , get a drink from the bar and soak up the seventies charm .

-1
just terrible - been there a few times because they 're only 3 or 4 dollars , but it was money wasted .
they have a very antiquated car wash , where you have to perfectly line up your wheels with grooves so narrow they barely fit .
i spent 5 minutes backing up , pulling forward , again and again trying to get my wheels aligned just right .
a couple times i succeeded , a couple times i did n't .
if there 's staff there , they 'll help guide you in , but it 's still hard , and there 's often not staff there .
for five bucks you can get a much easier car wash at any other ( modern ) automated car wash .

-1
wow someone should terminate `` dee . ``
i saw her stealing money from the bottom of a self check register and putting it in her pocket .
i know she was in fact stealing because she glanced over both shoulders suspiciously before putting the cash in her pocket .
this was clearly somebody 's change !
janet wears a red customer service vest but refuses to provide acceptable customer service and does not engage with customers.this store is always out of stock and their vegetables are rarely fresh .
here 's what you need to do , drive to combs and shop at the marketplace .
the staff there is mature and professional and the produce is of a much higher quality .
poop on this store .

-1
in the wise words of a previous reviewer : `` go somewhere else ladies ! ``
i am currently pregnant with my first child and have been extremely excited about the experience .
after doing some research to find the best doctors and practices in my area , i felt most comfortable with estrella women 's health center .
my initial exam went great .
my doctor was pleasant , and i felt comfortable with the thought of having the rest of my prenatal care taken in the hands of estrella women 's health center .
while i had a great first experience , i can honestly say that every appointment since then has been a hassle , and i have felt that all this business really cares about is the money they are making off of my care .
the front office staff was never welcoming , and lacked knowledge on billing questions that i had .
during a one week period , i left two messages , and no one ever returned my call .
i had to physically go in , in order to get a response .
i have also had multiple appointments canceled on my doctors and physicians end and when they tried to reschedule me , the only available times were during the day which did not work with my work schedule .
two times i had to wait an additional week to see the doctor because ewhc had to reschedule .
for every appointment , i had to wait 45 + minutes , even though i was always on time .
after being taken back to the exam room , the waiting game always continued ( 20-30 minutes ) .
by the time the doctor or physician came in , i felt like they were rushing to answer my questions and get to the next patient .
a typical appointment with a doctor or physician lasted 3-10 minutes .
i began to feel that the development of my child and my pregnancy was not valuable to the doctors and physicians .
it is obvious that the doctors and physicians have too much on their plates .
this should probably be taken into consideration on their end if they would like to run a better business .
a woman 's pregnancy is an extremely important event in her life , and one that should be nurtured and celebrated by the care providers , rather than cause more stress .
i am glad to say i have found and transferred to a well-rounded facility where i finally feel appreciated and properly cared for .

-1
worst .
hotel .
experience .
ever !
tried to book a five night reservation online , but their website would n't confirm the reservation , so i called the hotel direct .
the very nice woman there made the reservation over the phone and told me she would throw in the breakfast package for free because i had problems making the reservation online .
i reserved a single king bed non-smolkng room .
sweet deal ... or so i thought .
arrived around midnight after a five hour drive from vegas in the second week of november .
even though this was phoenix , the outside temp was still about 45f .
the apathetic college kid working the night desk checked me in and ran the entire five night bill on my amex ... more than $ 330.00 total .
he did n't honor the complimentary breakfast package ... he told me i had to pay extra for it .
when i got to my room it was freezing ... about 50f .
no problem , i 'll just turn up the heater .
looking all over the room , i discovered there was no heater or ac unit anywhere to be found .
there was a thermostat temp dial on the wall , but it was already turned up to 95f ... not a good sign .
also ... i had specifically requested a non-smoking room ... but the room they gave me had cigarette burns in the furniture and smelled like one big , dirty ashtray .
i picked up the phone line to call the front desk to ask about heat .
phone line ... completely dead , so back over to the office .
the night clerk informed me that the hotel does not have individual climate heating/cooling units in each room .
the heating and cooling is either completely turned on or off for the entire hotel and since it was only the beginning of november ... the heat had ' t been turned on yet .
this hotel does not disclose this fact anywhere on their webpage ... nor do they inform you about this when you reserve a room .
i told him i could not sleep in a room that was as cold as a refridgerator .
he said they had some portable floor heaters available , but i would have to wait until the next day ... they were already locked up for the night .
apparently , i only needed to sleep in a freezing room for one night ... how convenient !
after driving five hours and arriving at midnight to be given a cold room with no heat and no phone after i already paid more than $ 300 , i was feeling quite frustrated .
i asked the kid behind the desk to refund my payment so that i could go find another hotel .
he said he could n't do that and that i would have to come back the following day during regular business hours and talk to the general manager .
he then promptly informed me that he did n't care where i slept that night ... and that our conversation about my cold , smokey room was finished and that if i had any further requests or demands , he would be calling security on me .
oh yeah , can `` t give me a warm room or my money back , but can throw security all over me .
bottom line : - shitty room : cold with no heat .
strong smoke smell .
dead phone .
- shitty customer service and attitude : promising a room heater that i couldnt have until the next day .
failure to honor the breakfast package .
unwilling to refund my money .
apathetic about my displeasure with the room and the arrangements .
i ended up staying at another hotel down the street and cranking the room heater up !
do n't do it ... you 'll be sorry !

-1
10 minutes ... nobody acknowledges i 'm here .
it 's 1:45 and the restaurant is n't that busy , 2 servers , both of which pass me several times , and no greeting ... no menu ... no water ... just flat out ignored .
other patrons started to notice i was being ignored , even after hand gestures to get attention .
when the server 's casual conversation started with the adjacent table i had to get up and just leave .
unbelievable .

-1
just read my tip , and realize the only reason to bring someone here is so they can see what happens when you have a great concept and no idea how to execute properly .

-1
nothing special about this place - made me kinda sick after i ate here .
if you want mexican , this place just does n't come close to good ` ol taco bell .

-1
first off it does not stand out in anyway .
i was looking for a big brewery and it 's just a small spot in a plaza .
the decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar .
i sat down and looked over the beer list , 25-30 beers on tap which is cool .
my friends rave about the pizza here so i was going to order the t-rex , but my waitress passed by me 7 times and did n't care to take my order .
after that i lost interest and did n't want to eat here anymore and finally flagged her down , paid for my beer and left .
as for the orange blossom , if you ever wondered what a creme soda would taste like in beer form this is it .
not a fan .

-1
the wait staff are really marginal no sense of dedication lack manners and serving skills .
food is expensive for the lack of quality .
bread horrible the loaves of bread that are on display in kitchen as props look better .
would absolutely not return .

-1
been here a couple times and its been hit or miss .
i usually have no problem , drive thru is pretty fast even during their busy hours .
but the last time i went i ordered a combo meal at the drive thru and as i pulled away realized there were no fries in my bag .
no biggie but when i went inside to get them , instead of just giving them to me , the girl at the counter called the drive thru girl over and asked her if i got my fries .
working in customer service for many years i found this to be very odd and demeaning in a way .
almost as if she was accusing me of lying without outright saying it .
over an order of french fries mind you .
well when the drive thru girl came over she looked me in the eyes and said `` you know i gave you your fries `` rolled her eyes and walked away before i could respond .
the first girl i spoke to then proceeded to help the next person in line without speaking to me again .
i honestly could n't believe it .
i mean really ?
what kind of customer service is that ?
when the cashier finished with the gentlman behind me she gave me an exasperated look of `` what do you want ? ``
now i was n't even mad when they forgot my fries , mistakes happen , but at this point i was reaching my boiling point .
so i replied `` either you give me the fries i paid for or give me both your names and the number to your corporate office ... you decide . ``
i got yet another eye roll but finally received my fries !
last time i go here though ... too bad because it 's the only location near my house .

-1
first off , we only came here because of the yelp reviews .
i had a bad feeling once we walked in the door , and regretted not walking out almost 5 minutes after sitting down .
we were seated right away .
they were not super busy .
once seated we waited for about 10 minutes before being greeted by our server .
the server was very awkward .
he said hi , i guess i am your server tonight , as if we were expecting someone else .
the waiter had no knowledge of the menu .
we got our salads , which were amazing , we waited a while for them too and we got them before we got our drinks .
i ordered a red wine and the server brought me a white wine .
i knew if i said anything it would just be bad so i walked over to the bar and swapped it out .
we got our pasta and it was amazing .
i had to ask for fresh pepper , it was not offered and the girl did not ask anyone else at the table if they cared for any , which of course they did .
the food was great , but it looked like a cheap chain with great food .
no candles or flowers on the table .
i felt like gordon ramsey would be popping in anytime .
i can not complain about the food , because it was great .
it looks like they hire a bunch 16 year olds with no food industry training .
their employees ' need training and it should help the dining experience .
ordering out would be the best plan for this place until they get their act together .

-1
so gerow , the light there not even working

-1
all i can say about fate is ` yuck ' that 's it .

-1
horrible service !
it took them forever to answer the phone so i could place my to go order .
when i took my food order home , it was incorrect .
so i called the restaurant only to be put on hold for 15min , with employees picking up the line on occasion to ask me to hold longer .
when i asked for the manager i was hung up on .
after another 5min .
wait back on hold , i was finally able to speak to the manager .
he was nice enough to refund the price of the entree that was incorrect , however , i would still not recommend this location .
i have been to other pei wei locations in the valley with much better service .

-1
if it were not for the chips and salsa , i would never return to this restaurant .
i have been going there since i was a kid .
in the past year or so , the service has gotten so bad , i would n't even believe it is the same restaurant .
i only get carry out now , and that is only when i am craving the chips and salsa .
even their carry out food service is terrible , unfortunately .
my past 4 visits , i have called over 30-45 minutes in advance to my order , and upon arrival nobody has prepared it .
during one visit ( the friday before 2012 superbowl ) , it took me 45 minutes after i arrived for them to get me 2 bags of chips and 2 portions of salsa .
another woman had been waiting there longer than me .
we were both waiting on chips and salsa only .
that should never happen .
my last visit was 3/3/12 and again , i called 35 minutes before arriving to order chips and salsa for a party .
i walked in and waited 7 minutes before being greeted .
the hostess then went to `` find out `` who took my order and returned and told me i had to go to the cantina/bar to pay and get them .
once i got in there , i stood for 15 minutes trying to get the attention of someone walking by so i could get my order .
finally a man brought it to me .
i was so fed up .
i do not think i can return .
i am sick of being treated like they do n't need or even want my business .
i have never received an apology from any of them for taking so long , and not having my order ready , even when i gave them plenty of notice and the orders were simple .

-1
good eggs benedict , actually the best i have had in the scottsdale area .
service on the other end , very poor .
the orders at the time of service , march 10th around 1:30 pm were very slow and the employees were very rude .
i would not say i am a regular but i try to make it out there twice a month , but i was treated very poorly .
for example , we bought two drinks and we filled up with two sodas .
while sitting at the table the cashier came up and said i charged you for a water and soda , `` i need two dollars for you `` ( in a tone i am unable to duplicate ) .
i understand business is business and every dollar counts , however i disagree with her approach to it .
i gave her the two dollars and walked out leaving our meals untouched .
goldman 's lost my patronage over the disrespect and dirty looks from their cashier .

-1
a note to the owner : your employee , the scrawny , balding man , should be fired .
he was yelling at me and saying extremely rude things instead of fixing the nails to make the customer happy .
i 've never been treated this way by any company that i 've ever done business with .
i urge you to take a few moments to read about what happened from the customer 's point of view , as i 'm sure that you may hear about it but from a different light that is favorable to the scrawny , balding man .
my review : they should n't even get one star .
the scrawny man with the receding hair that works there is the ultimate cause of this poor review .
sit back and enjoy this story ... this was my very first time at this place and i was actually excited because the interior was pretty nice .
i went in to touch up my gel polish and get a pedicure .
i get french on both , and i 've gotten it done enough times to know that the white part should not have bubbles or craters in it !
so i kindly asked him to fix the white part before we put it under the uv light again .
so he did , and we put it under the light , when i took them out ... there they were ... craters , bubbles , missing white parts , streaks ... ( how do you post pics on here ? )
i swear it looked like i did it myself .
he said it 's supposed to look like that .
instead of fixing them , he yelled at me ... i mean ... he yelled at me worse than my own father ever has .
he was so rude , and the things he said to me were jaw dropping !
i honestly was in shock and could not believe my ears !
now , i know that people say that there are two sides to every story , but i promise you that i was n't happy with the white part and asked him to fix it and he flipped out and started taking it off !
as a customer ... i 've never ever been talked to , oh i 'm sorry , yelled at , like that in my entire life .
i told him , `` i 've never been treated this way in my life .
you 're being very rude to a first time customer ! ``
he said , `` ive never had a customer tell me how to do my job ! ``
i said , i 'm just asking you to fix the white , look ca n't you see the dots ?
does this honestly look okay to you ? ``
then he started to file it all offf .
i was like `` what are you doing , just fix the white ! ``
he said , `` no i 'm gon na take it off and you can just leave `` i said , `` what ?
no , i came here to get my nails done and i just do n't want the french white part to have bubbles or dots on it . ``
he yelled , `` i 've been doing this 20 years , how old are you ?
( i do n't know what my age has to do with it , but i suppose he was trying to say that he 's been doing this longer than i 've been living . ``
( for the record i 'm 28 and not an immature teenager bashing this place ) anyway , so the yelling at me continued and at this point i begin to yell back because i was not going to take the verbal abuse or mistreatment any longer .
i 've never experienced such an episode .
he had the uv thing on my lap , i tried to hand it to him and i said please get this off of me , and he slid his seat away and was telling me to drop it so it can break !
seriously ? !
drop it ?
then i said , `` i want to talk to the owner of this place .
you are so rude and should not be treating customers this way ! ``
he yelled at the top of his lungs like he wanted to hit me ... `` no !
you are not going to talk to the owner , you deal with me i 'm the boss now ! ! ``
i was like what in the world is your problem ?
i just wanted you to fix the white part of my nails !
then he said , `` pay for the pedicure and get out of here and we will be happy if you never come back ! ``
( can you believe this guy ! ? )
i do n't know how this next part even happened ( and this literally just happened ) but he said he was going to call the cops , i was like good , please do , or better yet , i will .
so the cops came .
( yes , seriously ) i told them and showed them my hands of how poor of a job he did and the way he treated me .
the cops obviously ca n't do anything about this situation so it was dumb even having them come .
the guy did n't even have anything to say but , `` she is trying to tell me how to do my job `` it 's like whatever happened to trying to get the nails like the customer likes them ?
especially a new customer ?
anyway , so i paid them for the pedicure and left with the nails you 're about to see ... i do not recommend this place at all .
not even if they offer a free manicure and pedicure .
they do a sloppy job .
they are purely mean and rude to their customers .
the guy seriously yelled at me for at least 10 minutes , maybe more .
i have never been so disrespected in my life .
i was literally crying because of this man !
if you were there , your ears would have perked up and you would have been so shocked to hear the things he was saying and the way he was saying them .
i do n't think i 'm even painting the picture of how evil he is as best as i could .
i wish i could recall all of the insanely rude things that he lashed out at me with .
oh , and they do n't take credit cards by the way ... they have a lovely atm machine for your convenience ( please take note of my sarcasm )

-1
charged us $ 15 for a small fast food .
food was n't good and based on the place and the quality , plates should be $ 6 not $ 15 .
that 's what you would expect to pay for a really nice food and a nice restaurant in phoenix .

-1
their phone number is disconnected and their last and only 3 reviews were in 2010

-1
i was excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews .
sadly , i was majorly disappointed .
we arrived after the lunch crowd , yet had to wait a very long time for our food to arrive .
we started with the table side guacamole and the avocado was not ripe enough ... the chicken taco horrible and pumpkin bread pudding too sweet .
do not arrive starving , because the wait staff moves like turtles .
i give this a three at best .
not worth the $ $ $

-1
the hotel is beautiful .
the rooms are comfortable and roomy .
and the beds are great .
to good news ends there .
this westin 's service is horrendous -- from direct of operations , brian dell ` ergo ( who i 'm sure sets the tone ) on down .
when the front desk manager hands you a room key that fails to open your door after a late check-in , you tell yourself it 's just a fluke .
when you run down to the lounge to grab breakfast prior to your 9am meeting and the pans are stuck with leftovers from the night before , you might be frustrated , but you tell yourself this kind of thing happens from time to time .
over a two month period , i stayed at this westin five times .
looking back , i struggle to understand how this hotel has permission to carry the westin ( and starwood ) name .
admittedly , the hotel beds are comfortable and its rooms are spacious .
that does n't mean much , though , when you end up with scabies all over your legs , chest , and arms .
the crusted scabs between my fingers were probably most disgusting .
it took over three weeks for the red bites and itching to go away after taking the prescription medication my doctor provided .
when the front desk billed the wrong credit card to settle charges at the end of the week , i contacted the billing department .
i left a few messages with the billing/accounts manager .
he promptly returned my first call , but has n't returned a single call since .
yes , this hotel is beautiful .
but the service is downright horrendous .
i , for one , am not willing to get another round of scabies .
i like to eat in the morning .
i want my room key to open my door after a long day .
and i ca n't afford billing errors .
as a result , i will not be going back to this `` westin . ``
and i most certainly will do a better job researching hotels on an individual basis .
this hotel can not be trusted .

-1
not good .
been waiting to try this place and so very disappointed .
cold under cooked bacon , just plain nasty spinach omlette , sad floppy un-browned home fries , did they open a green bag of `` simply potatoes `` and nuke them ?
and apparently we made a tragic mistake opting to eat inside , since it was hot on the patio .
employees yelling back and forth ( not work , but goofing off-hey guys , it 's small room with no acoustic merits-no need to yell ) , and one employee talking to her customer/friend at the counter so loudly about her drinking nites , that we could not hear each other , and heard way more about her personal habits than we cared to .
management must leave after the breakfast rush , or they do n't care .
wo n't be back .

-1
got there at 1o minutes to 2pm according to my verizon phone .
doors locked .
sign says open till 2 .
we could see the people hiding out in the back .
these operators will last less than the last 3 owners .

-1
most definitely the dirtiest chili 's i 've ever experienced , inside and outside .
the patio had cigarette butts , a dirty ash tray filled with water from the misters , bits of trash strewn about .
inside tables were left dirty , the bathroom was filthy too .
my food was cold and dried out like it had been made for someone earlier and then left under the warming lights .
because i was in polite company and we were in a bit of a hurry i did n't sent it back .
i am quite shocked that i did n't get sick after eating there .
both the health dept and corporate need to make a surprise visit .

-1
unimpressed .
have been here a couple of times ( forced to - the boss seems to think this is a better `` team meeting `` location than our conference room in the office , which i strongly disagree with ) .
music too loud during the brief spurts when either the waitress or a patron turns it on .
food takes too long to come out .
food barely average .
cougar waitress loves to try and sell you on their giant tabletop-sized pizza concept .
no thanks .
also , too many tvs - all on one wall and all tvs were tuned to different channels , reminding me of adrian veidt 's world monitor wall ( in the watchmen graphic novel ) .
just a dingy place that i recommend you avoid .

-1
i went here and ordered a hamburger about two minutes til closing , and sure enough i was in the er with severe stomach pains by 3 am .
i am about 99 % sure that is what caused it but due to the inability to give a stool sample within the first few hours the doctors were unable to absolutely say it was their fault ... plus the wait times are horrible even for expensive food and a small menu to go along with the terrible service .
i would recommend anybody who wants to get a hamburger late at night , to go elsewhere unless you want to run the risk of severe stomach pains and nausea !

-1
so on regular basis i stop by the food city on mcdowell rd and get a burrito during my sat morning shop it 's usually pretty tasty very reasonably priced .
my burrito today was suppose to be carnitas and potato the person making it also recited back what i ordered and maybe i spoke to fast or something but i ended up with a bean and potato burrito ... and some sour rice pudding i 'm disappointed ... american based businesses go to great lengths to accommodate spanish speaking people can we at least get a english understanding employee that takes our orders ...

-1
very disappointed .
arrived mid afternoon ... no wait .
like the renovated decor ... like the fact they have booths .
we definitely want them to succeed but based on the quality of food , doubt they 'll be open in another month .
my husband and i looked over their extensive menu and selected chicken tenders , fries and fish sandwich .
unfortunately , they did n't have what i was yearning for ... onion rings .
the chicken tenders looked as though they were originally frozen as were the fries .
not much flavor for either .
the fish sandwich was tasteless and `` watery `` ... obviously had been frozen as well .
the chicken noodle soup was hardly warm ... vegetables hard and coleslaw swimming in mayonnaise .
husband commented he `` got much better chow in the marine corps ... 50 years ago `` .
our server was good but there did n't appear to be any manager on site ... only the greeter and an ample wait staff .
we wo n't be back anytime soon , it was one of the worst meals we 've had .

-1
dear tempe marketplace , this is the most upsetting place i can think of in my immediate vicinity .
if i ever commit suicide , it will be here .
you really are an easy target , are n't you ?
your `` authentic `` restaurants of every variety are n't fooling anyone .
do n't get me started on the unwalkable parking lot that i 'm forced to traverse in order to hit target and the coffee bean in the same trip .
and for fuck 's sake , stop playing '90s top 40 songs in the parking lot .
at earsplitting levels .
if i wanted to listen to matchbox 20 , i 'd do it at home , alone , in total shame , like a normal person .
waste of space , waste of resources , waste of time .
but i 'll totally be back next week when i need tp or want to see a movie , k ?
see you then !
sara

-1
i hate to start the year off with a bad review , but come'on guys really ? !
so i invited my mom down from glendale for a ladies day along with two good friends of mine .
we decided to go early so we do n't miss out on all of the food .
well long story short , we never made it into the dirt lot .
if this was a movie i 'd call it : gridlock traffic , starving women .
the ending is sad .
* hold me * $ 10 entry tickets $ 5 dirt lot parking $ rumor has it you had to purchase food tickets ? !
13,000 people and fifteen food trucks ( poor vendor 's ) = horrible event planning .
any word on a refund ?

-1
horrible hotel !
when we pulled up there were 4 police cars with several people in cuffs .
there was a pair of underwear in the corner of our room .
after we came home there was a charge in my credit card for the mini bar that we did n't even have a key for !
this place is run down and not worth the price .
they price gouge for everything .
trust me you do n't want to stay here ! ! !

-1
positives : open late , free wi-fi , free entomology lessons ( if that 's your thing ... read on ) negatives : everything else ok wow !
i have been meaning to write my first review for a while now , but i was basically forced to do it right now by my experience at jobot .
too bad my first review has to be a negative one , but i feel i owe it to all of you who so faithfully warn me to stay away from places like this , although you may have let me down on this one !
so i read through most of the reviews and felt that i had a fairy good idea of what to expect .
since many reviews seemed positive enough , i thought i 'd give it a try since i am getting bored with the same old coffee joint .
so i found my way from the dark street in front of jobot , through the dimly lit patio area , up onto the old wooden porch , to the front door , and into jobot ready to fall in love with the place .
as i entered i was initially overwhelmed by three things .
one : the blaring punk music , two : the swamp cooler blasting air and noise directly at my head , and three : the total apathy of the staff who were conversing among themselves ( ironically , about how `` dead `` it 's been ) while ignoring me .
i was eventually approached by a worker and i placed my order ( $ 2.75 for an 8oz skim latte ... more about the latte later ) .
while waiting for my latte , i decided to have a look at the pastry selection at the end of the coffee bar ; only problem was , there were 3 employees standing there talking and blocking access to the pastry case .
i politely said `` excuse me `` as i tried to squeeze by them .
i kid you not ... they glanced at me and then continued talking .
i squeezed thru the gaggle of employees determined to get a look at the pastries .
once through the gauntlet of employees , i had a look at the pastries , which looked a little `` run thru the mill `` if you know what i mean .
ok so determined to make the best of this experience , i pressed on .
while continuing to wait for my latte i poked my head into the two adjacent rooms .
the rooms are dingy and uninviting with hard , uncomfortable wooden benches and cheap metal frame stacking style chairs scattered about .
the crowd inside ( two customers ) was interesting .
one guy covered head to toe in tattoos hunched over an old laptop , and an older man snoozing in the corner near his empty coffee cup and book .
... so back to waiting for my latte .
i intended to pay for it when i was intercepted by a 2 inch long cockroach crossing the floor between me and my latte .
i politely waited for it to pass .
while waiting for the roach to pass , i glanced at the guy who seemed to be in charge of the place to see how he would handle this most interesting situation .
he looked at me , shrugged his shoulders as if to say `` whatcha gon na do `` ?
i almost laughed at the absurdity of it all , but quickly remembered i was on the hook to pony up the currency for my latte , which i did , albeit reluctantly at this point .
i have taken my seat , opened my laptop , and am writing this review as we speak .
a few more shady characters have popped in and out , although they do n't seem to be customers since they did n't buy any food or drink .
i assume they are friends with the owner ( s ) .
my stomach has turned sour from the experience with the roach and having to recount the ordeal in detail as i write this review ... so my latte will sit untouched as i leave in about 1 minute from now .
i hope you have enjoyed my contribution .
thanks for sharing all of yours !

-1
we should have read the yelp reviews before going to this place , but after now 2 bad experiences , i feel the need to write a review .
do not go here .
the first time we went , it was to get new tubes for my bike .
we even brought a tube in so we would get the correct size replacements .
this older man working at the counter was like a mr-know-it-all barely looking at the tire and spouting off what size he thought it was .
then he goes to the back and gets us the replacement tubes , which we bought then brought home .
upon putting these tubes on my bike , they were the wrong size !
so back we went to exchange them , yet they apparently ran out of thorn resistant tubes for my schwinn so we bought the regular ones .
funny thing is , this man told us that they are the only bike shop in phx to carry thorn resistant tubes for schwinn , yet we were n't sure why they had none in stock .
a week later , the tubes popped and we went back to get replacements again .
and again , this useless man gave the wrong size .
we are bringing them back now and telling him we are never go back there again .
there are plenty of other , better bike shops in phx and scottsdale ... i 'll just find one with good ratings on yelp !

-1
do n't waste your money or appetite !
i can only speak to this location , but i wish there was a way to get both of mine back .
we went on a saturday evening , and because of the noise level and air conditioning , we asked to be seated outside .
we were curtly told `` no `` .
we the asked if we order `` to go `` , if we could sit on the patio to eat .
you would have thought we were asking for the moon .
to make a long story of terrible service shorter , after waiting a half hour to get an order that was cold and incomplete , we had to beg for silverware and and napkins - they obviously resented our use of the patio and did everything possible to `` punish `` us for our decision .
their strategy worked ; we not only regretted sitting outside , but choosing this restaurant in the first place - we will never make that mistake again .
when i asked to speak to the manager , they would not even indulge that request .
do n't waste your money where it 's not appreciated

-1
my friend picked up food here for us and her chicken was hardly cooked !
another friend had the same problem !
i think this sums it up !

-1
i try to not review in fits of anger but , i am so pissed !
took a group of four here after a movie and it was a disaster !
unfortunately , no amount of beer can ever make up for such a crappy dining experience .
waiter kept touching all of us in that overly friendly/concerned relative sort of way .
food not cooked properly .
food dropped by wait staff .
manager bait and switch .
not fixing the bill .
so bad i considered a dine and dash .
decided to bitch to corporate and cancel my card transaction instead .
beware , chains do n't give a crap about the customer !
i will remember to spend my money at small private restaurants with good health ratings .
... by way of follow up .
corporate did contact me .
through yelp only as their complaint section of their website does not work .
good luck if you have a bad experience there .
-- -- -- - june 17th follow up : decided to finally give them a second try .
fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me .
the experience may have actually been worse .
just skip this place and go spend your money at one of the 10 other places nearby .
big deal they have the hockey game on .
bet that if you asked the bartender at gordon biersch to change the channel the would .
also , at least they know what is going on over there .

-1
this place is just aweful ! !
if you find yourself walking by and are tempted ... just keep walking ... it is simply not worth the trouble .
the manager could care less ... and was busy flirting with the cute girls .
the bartender was clueless , dare i say ... stupid ... slow , unorganized .
our food arrive 45 minutes after we ordered .
.
and we were not the only ones !
i hope they re-open sam 's cafe in its place in a few months ... i am sure stingray will not be there long ! ! !

-1
it 's basically $ 5 for a slider .
i had a bacon cheeseburger , and the short rib .
both were average if not forgettable .
beers are $ 5 , so there 's really no reason to ever go back .
i would much rather go get a burger for $ 10 that comes with fries anywhere else .

-1
if i could put no star , ... no star at all ! !
the worst customer service ever .
i love lush products and been using for almost 4 yrs .
this location , one of the lady is very rude and does n't have any clue what the customer service is .
she gave me the product that she dropped on the floor ( it 's angel barefoot facial cleanser mud ) .
she did n't even say `` thank you `` or anything but gave me bad attitude .
this is not acceptable at all .
if you want to get lush product in phx area , go to chandler fashion mall .
it worth to drive , they are such a sweet heart and great customer service , i can see they really love lush product .

-1
do n't visit or eat at this denny 's !
they wo n't accept online coupons !
manager when asked why not , he gave an excuse that accounting wo n't take it .
no way to honor veterans on this memorial day !
next time we 're eating at a local restaurant ! ! !

-1
do not go here if you have more than 4 people in your party .
we were a party of 7 .
although we had made the reservations well in advance , we were kept waiting 45 minutes for a table .
in the meantime , they kept seating parties of 4 .
incompetent planning at the very least .
and there was n't anywhere to sit to wait it out .
i had told them that i had asthma and had a cold and they still did n't seat us .
i ended up in the emergency room next day .
thanks , swb !
plus , the food has gone downhill .
we were there the year prior for christmas brunch and loved it .
this year , it was gross .
most food items did not taste very good .
and their dessert buffet looks awesome , but it was pretty tasteless .
again , enter at your own risk .
if you like bland , tasteless food and to not be treated well , go to swb !

-1
my two young boys received the worst haircuts they have ever received by separate hairstylists ( if that 's what you call them ) .
they both are trying to let their hair grow out a little longer .
both look like they have mullets .
terrible ... will never go back !
i could have done a better job .
the old saying , you get what you paid for is certainly true in this situation .

-1
`` what ?
people still go to blockbuster ? ``
yes , i may be the last person on earth with a blockbuster card ... but not for long .
after a surgery , i was pretty much out of commission for a few days , so i had the boyfriend go to blockbuster and pick up three dvd 's .
we do n't yet have a netflix account , and the boyfriend is apprehensive about using the red box contraptions because of an article he read about alleged debit card fraud .
we do have an apple box on which we can download movies , but we had workers in our condo , and were forced to stay in another unit temporarily .
with only a smaller tv and a dvd player .
this left us no choice but blockbuster .
a couple weeks later , while walking home from dinner , we decided to make it a `` blockbuster night `` , and walked over to rent a dvd ( and then , of course make our last stop at total wine before heading home ) .
we finally agreed on a movie , and when we went to check out , we were rudely told that we owed a late fee of 48 cents because one of the three movies we rented was a day late .
this is the part where you hear the screeching record followed by silence .
this is by no means about the 48 cents , but entirely about principle .
first of all , blockbuster , i seem to remember being bombarded with commercials cheerfully announcing the abolishment of late fees .
you people were screaming it from the rooftops .
i do n't seem to recall any such publicity about the return of said late fee .
nor do i even remember even being told about it in the store .
discreetly .
and also , and even more aggravating , i returned all three dvds at the same time .
on time .
in the middle of the day .
so how just one could be checked in late is beyond me .
when i tell the stocky checkout boy of this , he looks at me in disbelief , as if i would lie about it to save myself less than half a dollar .
he rolls his eyes , and spends a good couple minutes pounding away on his keyboard ( a la the airline agent in `` meet the parents `` ) , and finally gives me my new total , sans late fee , as if he 's just done me the world 's biggest favor .
then he makes sure to give me the receipt and personally go over the new blockbuster pricing policies with me , as if i was a disobedient child who did n't listen the first time .
i guess he just wanted to make sure there would be no confusion for the next time i came in .
but do n't worry , stocky blockbuster boy , there wo n't be a next time , so we 're all set .

-1
back stabbed - this food is not for veggies or vegans ! !
`` this is not for the extremely high prices for the food . ``
these people are adding eggs in their cakes and other items and serves along vegan dishes .
they asked us to try some vegan desserts after main course and we ordered carrot cake ( they did not tell us this before that they had eggs in it ) i heard somebody talking and asking ingredients and i also asked and then they disclosed .
i was seriously annoyed with this service .
when i asked owner why the hell they are serving this nonsense cakes to cheat on customers , and he explained proudly that they are kosher and no vegan bakeries in scottsdale , az ! !
i explained two times that why cake is so important !
ca n't they serve vegan desserts apart from cake s if they are not available , in a vegan restaurant and he could not understand or accept it .
i see a clear strategy to make couple of more dollars on every order without notifying customers in the name of cakes having eggs .
beware this is not a vegan restaurants it has animal ingredients in many of their items ! ! !
i had drunk lots of salt with hot water later on and had 3-4 vomits after it by manually inserting fingers in my throat to clean my stomach .
never visit again !

-1
the food is really good - the customer relations stink .
we 've been many times and always enjoyed the food , but the loud dance music , which is played even at lunch time , is clearly for the enjoyment of the employees .
the last time we ate here , we asked to be seated away from the overhead speakers .
still , it was so loud we could n't hear each other , so i eventually asked the waitress to turn the music down .
she did , but right away one of the sushi chefs confronted her and angrily turned it back up !
wo n't ever be back .
i 'm really tired of restaurants playing music or t.v.s . .
some of us actually talk over a meal .

-1
i just ca n't eat at this one since getting terrible service and then going into the restroom only to find it completely devoid of soap .
yes , you know what that means boys & girls , none of the female staff had soap to wash their hands either .
gross !
this was a year or two ago and fingers crossed they 're better now but this z-tejas location is ruined for me .

-1
on our way to yarnell we stopped at nana 's to grab some coffee to go .
my daughter ordered a regular latte and they charged her $ 8.00 .
outrageous !
to add insult to injury the cup was only about 2/3 full .
the quality was average so she condsidered it a total rip off .
never again .

-1
i am writing this because of how my wife was treated today .
this wash has been around for a long time and i have been in the area since 1994 .
i think they opened in 1997 .
i only remember that because i tried to work out a deal with the owner that if they detailed my vehicle before a show i would let them advertise .
anyway , they have gone way down hill and i do not go there anymore .
i go to danny 's family now a days and you should too .
when my wife went today she had a coupon that was from money mailer or valpak or something .
when she pulled up the ticket writer , you know the slimy wan na be salesman , starts to make several rude comments .
he referred to the coupon as a welfare check .
his f 'n job is to up sell and he did n't even try , he just made rude comments .
my wife told me if i was there i probably would have punched him .
i am shocked that she did not get in the car and leave .
she did talk to the manager but it sounds like he just defended the company and his crappy employee .
to sum it up this place has turned into a rundown car wash whose leadership is not very good and they let their employees treat the customers like crap .
if i were to run my business like this i would be out of business .
do n't go here !

-1
zen 32 is terrible .
in every aspect .
the sushi is fishy , it 's too crowded , and the servers are rude/clueless/slow .
` nuff said .

-1
from the street , my husband and i thought zoe 's kitchen would be like panera - that is , we thought it would serve fast , flavorful , and good-quality lunch fare .
none of these adjectives turned out to be an accurate descriptor .
in fact , the food at zoe 's kitchen took 30 minutes to come out and was disgustingly bland and in a few cases , quite gross .
we stopped in for lunch last week .
the place was packed , but the line to order moved quickly , so we incorrectly assumed that we would also get our food quickly .
more on that in a second .
in terms of the menu , we were shocked at how uninteresting the menu options seemed .
even though the menu was decently sized and we are open to lots of different types of food and flavors , we found ourselves completely unable to choose and not drawn to any individual option .
even though i 'm not a vegetarian , i prefer lunch sandwiches with no meat , so i was also quite irritated that the only vegetarian sandwiches were the grilled cheese and grilled feta .
this is 2008 , and the non-meat options at a lunch spot should be more imaginative than cheese slapped on some bread .
in the end , i still ended up ordering the grilled cheese ( nothing else sounded good ! )
and my husband selected the greek chicken marinara .
we sat down at the table , displayed our number card , and just waited .
and waited .
and waited .
after literally waiting for 25 minutes , i checked in with the assistant manager who was manning the pick-up counter .
she went into the kitchen , checked on our order , and said it would be just a `` few more minutes . ``
she even had a server bring us two slices of chocolate cake as some sort of token of their sympathy , but it was super-dry and totally gross .
thanks , but no thanks .
i 'm just glad we did n't pay $ 2 for each slice !
it was n't until 10 minutes later when i lost my patience and told the same server that we wanted our food immediately that we finally received it .
we have a higher-than-average awareness of the difficulties of working in food service , but we found it un-acceptable that a non-full-service restaurant would take 35 + minutes to bring us two sandwiches .
if they ca n't handle the catering , to-go , and eat-in order volume , they should hire more staff members .
as if the slow service was n't painful enough , my grilled cheese was completed charred ( literally burned and black ) .
after one bit of the accompanying slaw , which was soaked in mayonnaise and soggy , i immediately walked back to the assistant manager , handed her the plate , and asked her to refund me for my plate .
to her credit , she complied , but the wait had already been so egregious that i was n't about to just write the long wait and gross food off and decide to return .
my husband 's greek marinara was not as terrible but was still bland and completely un-memorable .
the bread was a plain roll , the chicken breast strips were formed and tasted totally processed , and the `` greek `` marinara tasted like prego .
the only tasty part of his meal was the side of bagged chips !
i guarantee you that we wo n't be back to zoe 's kitchen .
we are huge fans of fast , casual , and fresh lunch food , but we found the food at zoe 's to be anything but .

-1
i 've been here before and brought a friend for the first time , raving about the place .
he wo n't go back .
we had very poor service .
we ordered one appetizer , one entree and one dessert and split the meal and it took over 2 hours .
we watched other couples come and go and even when we asked , we were told someone would be with us right away .
we did have reservations also .
the atmosphere is always lovely and the food was generally good , but after having such poor service , even the good food would n't win me over to come back again .

-1
cummings took over the company that we originally used , and since they have taken over we have had nothing but problems .
i have n't seen a single bug in years in my house and as soon as we started using cummings we 've found a bug almost every single day and not just ` bugs ' but cockroaches .
i called cummings to ask them about why this was happening and the receptionist was extremely rude saying they did n't do anything wrong .
i would never recommend this company to anyone .
needless to say i will be finding a new pest control company today .

-1
i have ate at some pretty delicious thai restaurants around town including thai hut and swaddee thai , so i do know what tasty and flavorful thai yumminess is like .
we went here after another restaurant had a huge wait and one of my friends picked this as a nearby stand-in that he had ate at .
the interior of thai rama is not so attractive and i tried to look past that .
but the food could n't save it .
even the sauce you dip your eggrolls in there has an incredily weird texture and taste .
i got some kind of beef dish with medium spice level .
it was so strange and distasteful that i ca n't remember what it was even called .
there 's no way i will ever go back , even though my kind friend paid for my dinner .
thai hut is right down the street .
save yourself some money and enjoy better thai there .

-1
it is closed .
it was a nice , clean daycare and our kids were very happy there , but it closed abruptly .
two days ' worth of warning to the parents and that was it .
they say our kids can go to the other location but i have heard bad things about it and it is not nearly as convenient .
we 're still in shock .
.
we ca n't understand why it closed so suddenly .

-1
this restaurant is for the rich kids that had never eaten any other fine food in the world other than steaks : ) pricy steak ( cow that is not even organically raised ) .
salmon that is farm raise ( atlantic ) .
the steak that is almost tasteless .
veggies that are plain but buttery .
the server was kind of racist ( only asked what my white friend wants to drink , did n't ask me , and then brings me water ) .
the only good thing about this place is the interior itself .
the dinner alone was 83 dollars ( split amount 3 people ) .
if you have friends that want to get you there please steer them away because both of your stomach and wallet will leave unsatisfied .

-1
they talk big but do n't be fooled .
you will get terse emails and they do n't give you any feedback after an interview .
you have to stay on top of them for everything .
the only way you will know if you got the job is if they call to tell you you got it because they sure wo n't call to tell you you did n't .
good luck trying to reach your recruiter , they are always at lunch or in meetings .
i had to be proactive - which is ok - i 'm the one looking for a job after all but i did n't think it was too much to expect professionalism and good service .
what i got is the impression that i was simply a means to reach a monthly quota .
they post jobs that match my skills yet i never receive a phone call and when i reach out to them to inquire about it , i get a vague `` those positions are under review `` .
more like `` these jobs do n't really exist , we 're just trying to build our pool so we can reach our monthly quota `` .

-1
been here a couple times , never by choice .
i ca n't really knock the service too badly as they do n't seem any better or worse than any other chain on a busy night , but the food is just not very good .
it 's also pretty expensive for what you get .
i always leave feeling like i would have been better off going somewhere else and either paying less for the same kind of food , or paying the same for way better food .
i avoid this restaurant at all costs .

-1
saw eric clapton 03-15-13 and had a terrible time .
the reason was the sound system .
us airways center has the worst sound system i 've ever heard for the money spent .
no bass , mids way too boomy .
i could hardly tell it was music let alone actually hear anything .
the sound was so bad that i feel they ripped me off .
had a terrible time .

-1
mulligans , i am disappointed in you .
this has previously been one of my favorite go to spots on the weekend , and i used to think of it as the perfect place to end the night .
however , it has gone downhill over the past few months , and after several horrible customer service experiences i do not think i will be frequenting this establishment again .
let me be specific ... if you mess with my money - and do so consistently and without apology ... then i will not return , and i will be sure to tell as many people as i can , regardless of how `` fun `` your bar might be .
a few months ago , i went to mulligans , and when ordering my drink , i asked them to just leave a tab open and handed them my card .
i ended up ordering one more beer , and then closed my $ 9 tab at the end of the night .
the next day after checking my bank account , i was astonished to see a $ 50 hold on my account from mulligans .
i immediately called them to inform them of the error , but was told , pretty rudely , that it was standard procedure for them to hold $ 50 for any opened tab , and that it would just `` fall off `` in a few days at my bank ... nothing else they could do .
they did tell me that there was a small sign on the bar that mentioned this policy , and that i should have read it first ( because that 's apparently what people look for or notice when they go to the bar ) .
furiously , i waited for 5 business days for the funds to become available again .
a month or so later , i went in again .
same situation , same low dollar bill , same $ 50 hold ... although this time i just kicked myself for not remembering it the first time .
i did call the manager to ask if there was a way to avoid this other than paying cash ( which i never carry ) , and was told that if i had closed my account after each drink rather than keep an open tab , i would just be charged for the actual dollar amount owed each time .
good to know ( although also a huge pain in the butt ) .
flash foward to last week .
i went to mulligans again , this time for st. patricks day .
based on my previous conversation with the manager , i was confident that if i just closed out my tab each time , i would be fine .
i ordered one beer ( specialty for $ 3 dollars ) , and closed out .
later that night i went back and ordered two more beers ( total , $ 6 ) and closed out .
the next day , i checked my account ... and found that there were two holds on my account from mulligans , for $ 25 each .
i immediately called again and explained the situation .
the person on the phone immediately started in on their `` policy `` to hold funds when there is an open tab .
i told him that i had been aware of that , and that is why i closed out each time ... so why i was being `` held `` $ 50 for a total of $ 9 was a mystery to me ( and i was seriously regretting the tip at this point ) .
he stated `` well , the best i can tell you is to just wait for it to drop off , there 's nothing we can do `` .
i told him that was not an acceptable solution to me , and he interrupted to say sarcastically `` you really need to take this up with someone else ... i 'm just the barback `` .
so i asked him to take down my phone number and have the manager call me that night .
he took on an incredibly rude and sarcastic tone , and said ( overenthusiastically ) `` absolutely ! !
i would love to do that for you `` .
i ignored the tone and gave him my phone number anyway , and again requested that the manager call me that night .
he replied `` absolutely `` again in his rediculous tone , and then hung up on me .
i never heard from the manager .
this is incredibly poor customer service , a poor way to handle your customer 's money , and a really easy way to lose business .
by the way , it 's 4 days later and the funds are still being held .
this is a recession people , i go places with cheap beer for a reason !
and i can guarantee you there are a million other places to go in scottsdale that serve $ 3 beers and do n't do it while stealing from your pocketbook ( even if it is supposedly temporary ) .
i suggest staying away from this place unless you like to have your money taken and you enjoy rudeness .

-1
the food was awful , the service was worse and i was sorry that out of all the places to go in that area we chose this one .
it was not my choice and will never be the choice of anyone in our family again .
the food was overcooked , not what was ordered or cold .
.
take your pick !
the waitress that did finally show up to take our order never showed up again but we got two other waitresses that refilled our drinks all wrong and one looked at me crazy when i told her we ordred fries instead of this big mushroom cap with spinach on top !
so the plate comes back with cold fries and the mushroom !
yuck .
the steaks were over cooked and oh so small .
the portions have shrunk but the prices have gone up .

-1
dont bother !
terrible customer service !
never again .
very pushy attendants who try and sell you things you do n't want and then act offended when you say no .
paid $ 120 to have my car detailed and was less than impressed with the results .
my carpets were still dirty ... windows were too ... and they did n't even attempt to wipe down my center console .
and they had my car for 4 hours !
it 's a two door toyota solara ... what the hell were you doing for 4 hours ?
when i pointed these things out i was basically told too bad so sad .
they did n't care at all .
asked to speak to a manager and was told he went home for the day and to call back tomorrow .

-1
i know i wo n't get any freebies on this review but who cares .
truth is more valuable .
i dropped in last night .
it was the cheeziest get together i 've ever experienced .
filled with people who do n't know how to socialize , sad faces abounded , appeared to be a park and swap gig with cheap jewelry on tables for sale .
!
the way 90 % of these patrons were dressed , astonished me !
omg .
cheap cheap and quack quack !
i should of known hwen i noticed the cars in the parking lot , i 've not seen so many old cars and trucks , since i attending the park and swap experience .
the drinks ( wine ) is so bad , you can expect to spend most your time ` later ; in the bathroom with diareaha , either from the cheap beverages they serve or the nasty germs they have in this place ... i would rather mow my lawn than frequent this establishment again ... off to montelucia , el choro , & ocean club which are much better places to spend your money and time and eyes loking at the crowds .
look for my lates reviews every saturday mornings !

-1
i saw this place on a show and me , and my husbend decided to check it out .
i thought it would be fun to take my mother inlaw along as well .
when we got there , we were blown away by how the place was set up .
was real creative .
our server took good care of us .
our food came pretty fast .
it was neat to be able to build your own .
however , half way through our meals , we had enough .
the food was way to greased up .
we all ended up getting sick after .
i think it might be because we were not used to eating that much junk food in one sitting .
it is worth checking out at least once , but be careful what you order .

-1
ate here once after hubby picked up 3 different sandwiches and 3 shakes .
sandwiches were good .
if you like your sandwich toasted , this would be a good place to try .
but the shakes were bad , really bad , really really bad .
hubby noticed while waiting in line that a customer in the restaurant commented to a worker that she did not like her shake at all .
he did n't think anything about it , maybe she just ordered a flavor she did n't like .
he brought the food home and we ate our sandwiches .
he tasted his shake first ( oreo ) and thought it had a strange flavor .
i thought maybe he did n't like it because of some innocuous reason ( like they used an imitation brand instead of the actual oreo brand ) .
i tasted his shake and agreed .
it was like an `` electrical `` taste .
like the shake had been forced through a burned out blender motor .
( i 'm not saying that 's what happened , but that 's the best approximation of a taste description i could come up with .
definitely did not taste like any other food taste i could describe . )
still , i thought it was maybe just the oreos ( clearly i am biased against something so trashy ) .
then i tasted my vanilla shake and it tasted like i just licked a burned out blender motor .
( again , i 've never had to do that , but that is the best approximation of taste that i can come up with . )
i love ice cream and i love shakes and never ever have i tasted anything like that in ice cream or shakes .
did not taste like a food item .
so maybe , pot belly had just opened and maybe , just maybe , a blender motor had malfunctioned and we were willing to forgive if they would acknowledge an issue .
when my husband called to tell them ( not to ask for a refund , but merely to suggest that they should take a look at their equipment so nobody else has to suffer what we did ) , he could barely get a word in as the person on the phone was very quick to tell him how delicious and famous their shakes were .
hubby had the shakes frozen and was going to take them to a lab to get them tested .
i solved the problem by throwing them away and vowing never to go to pot belly again .
at any location .

-1
tried to get there first thing wednesday morning to renew 4 passports @ 8:00 am and then off for a 9:15 am dental appointment .
there were 2 clerks working @ 8:00 am with 2 more @ 8:30 am .
appearantly carmen had a money balancing issue from the day before and was dealing with that and built up a queuing line of 15 people while isabella had to service everyone .
i was starting to get very mad that we just wanted to get the passports renewed and go and then when the other 2 clerks came in they were trying to help carmen with her issues rather than help the people that were waiting for passports and marriage license .
we finally got helped at 8:45 am by isabella while the other 3 were still dealing with carmen .
if i could give them zero stars i would for the 3 and 5 stars to isabella .
please wake up the people and have them see that people are waiting on spring break for these idiots to resolve their problems and service the people who pay their salary .
these people reinforce the problem with city workers .

-1
i have not been in for a while - what a shock !
the place is dirty , the folks working there ca n't say hello , turn away when you are at the counter .
only coffee is decaf and some vanilla flavor , milk & half and half are empty , no sugar , counter is filthy .
are you serious about selling those black bananas ?

-1
great place to go if you know nothing about wine and just want to gawk at the ladies .
the wine list does not change frequently .
the bartenders are not terrible knowledgable about the wines nor are they terribly friendly .
the wines in the shop are way overpriced and the manager seems to be very uninformed about the wines .
we inquired about a $ 400 bottle of wine by heidi barrett .
you 'd think you 'd know a ton about a wine if you were selling it at that price point - apparently not .

-1
my technician talked the entire time about her baby daddy and all her issues .
not very happy with the service .
will never go back !

-1
this place is like the great lost city of atlantis that was buried beneath the sea before people ever moved into it .
or like some great monument to civic pride built in chernobyl shortly before large quantities of radioactive particles were inadvertently released into the atmosphere and it had to be abandoned too quickly to even demolish it first .
it feels good to be so dramatic !
but seriously , it is a waste of resources .
for example , the surrounding glendale public school district services a population of students wherein 87 % receive free and/or reduced price lunches ... and every single school in the district receives designated funds from the federal government to compensate for funds that simply can not be supplied by taxpayers local to this area .
the few establishments that actually seem to be in operation are restaurants and bars that are grossly overpriced considering these facts .
try to enjoy your 10.00 beer from saddle ranch now .
and on top of all that , it 's completely devoid of culture .
like mill avenue with only 1/8th of the amount of people .
and there 's cockroaches .
the last time i was there i was using the toilet and had to step on one before it crawled up my leg .
then it 's legs and bloody bug guts got stuck to my shoe .
much like a metaphor for westgate city center .

-1
wow !
colin you sure you were at sucker punch sallys ? ? ? ?
the one at mill and university ?
well i 'll tell ya , i love a good diner and i was anticipating the opening of this place for a couple weeks and last night we went in for a late night dinner .
( 11:30 pm ) well i think a menu less then the size of a sheet of notebook paper , even if it is written on both sides is far from huge .
breakfast all day ?
yeah if 4 choices is all i get what the f ! ! ! ! !
my girl ordered the mac n cheese ... looked like it came out of the microwave and under the crusted dried out cheese on top was a bowl of watery cream !
i had the meatloaf and fries with gravy ... it looked like the meatloaf was cooked yesterday and fried on the grill to heat it up ... the fries were crusted with salt and both the meat and the gravy were over salted ... didnt get the cornbread as advertised and my girl couldnt even eat hers .
we sent hers back and i was able to get down 1 slice of the meatloaf and about 10 fries before i started to feel ill .
the waiter walked by the table twice after we sent hers back and my plate hardly touched sitting in the middle of the table .
when he did stop back and asked if i was done , didnt ask if it was alright or if i wanted a box .
never saw a manager and nobody ever came back to check on us !
i have never just up and left without paying but folks ... f @ # k this place ! ! ! !
over priced , over cooked and bad service ... i dont want to hear it was late , or just opened !
your a 24 hour diner , the food should always be hot and fresh ! ! ! !
no soups , no salads , no real selection ! ! !
i left feeling seriously sick to my stomach .
if someone would have stopped by and say sorry or what can i do , i might have decided on a second chance but you know after sitting almost twenty minutes after he took my plate with nothing including the check ! ! ! !
sorry ... stay away ! ! ! !

-1
this place had a lot of hype ... one of the best rated restaurants in town .
we were extremely disappointed .
the service was terrible , we sat for about 15 minutes before we even had a menu and were asked if we wanted a drink .
when we did finally get the menus we were extremely disappointed with what was supposed to be an extensive wine list .
the wine list turned out to be rather weak with a small selection from each region - even france was n't well represented .
after another 15 minutes of waiting without any contact from the non existent server we walked out ... and walked down the road to chelseas ... which was solid .

-1
we purchased a high end mattress that was delivered on may 30 , 2011 .
it has become very uncomfortable to sleep on it and the concern to make it right is non-existent at this point .
they have received a report from integrated bedding group but so far have failed to acknowledge that report .
one of their reps told me that just because it was uncomfortable did n't mean it was defective .
they tell you to shop local so you would think they would care about satisfying a customer .
never again will i shop there !

-1
it was that time of the year again ; anniversary !
the food at this place was recommended by a friend of a friend so i decided to check it out .
i went to the website and loved the italian music that played while i checked out the menu .
the items looked very interesting so i decided to make that our celebration destination for that year .
i called and spoke with a very nice sounding lady and made a reservation for 7 .
i informed her it was our anniversary dinner and she replied with `` come hungry and thirsty ! ``
.
upon arriving , we were a little thrown off by what we saw .
we were n't expecting a fully floodlight lit rectangular room with a full glass wall to the parking lot packed with both low and high ( ! )
tables and a 5 seat bar area .
we walked up to the desk and were greeted with `` everyone wants italian tonight ... `` as she was frantically moving through papers , receipts and other items .
`` do you mind a high table ? ``
she asked .
my wife and i just looked at each other .
`` if that 's all you have for our reservation i guess that will have do . ``
i said .
red flag one !
the table was dirty so we stood next to it while 3 people came over to clean it off .
we sat down and realized no one had wiped the table so when the waitress came over to put the uh ... paper ... place mats down we asked for someone to wipe it , which someone did .
the paper was put down on the wet surface and immediately soaked through .
~ sigh ~ we were handed our menus .
i had to put mine down three times to accommodate all of the arms in front of me putting down glasses and apparently there was some ojt going on with respect to how the silverware is supposed to be placed on the table so it took some time .
i snickered to myself as the waitress explained that the salad fork goes to the left of the main fork ... ( both forks were identical ) .
but i digress .
my wife had an odd expression on her face .
i had to almost shout over the cacophony ( many tables with loud children/bad parents ) .
red flag two !
i queried : `` see anything you like ? ``
the look that was returned said it all .
red flag three !
we got up and left and went to anzio 's landing in mesa and had a wonderful quiet time in a cozy booth with nice mood lighting .
perhaps someday i will try the food .

-1
overpriced , stuffy , smoky , and small .
i had the new mexico platter and wasns ' t at all impressed .
the chicken in the burrito was nasty and the only thing on the plate ( out of five things ) worth eating were the beans .
about sums up my opinion of the place

-1
maybe it 's me .
maybe it was just bad luck .
but i 've got ta say , our last ( and unfortunately it will probably be exactly that ) visit to pf chang 's was just horrible .
service was slow as always , mainly because the place is typically packed with people .
no problem .
we were n't in a hurry and patiently waited the 30 minutes necessary to get a table .
our server was attentive and had a fun attitude , so no problem there either .
it was the food that was just unacceptable .
overpriced for sure , but poorly prepared too .
orange peel chicken was soggy and tasted like it was a three-day old left-over pulled from fridge and reheated in a microwave ( really ) .
my son ordered the salmon and we had to send it back not once , but twice due to being undercooked .
the center was literally raw both times .
the last straw was when one of the junior `` managers `` came to the table to say that , `` we cook the salmon that way on purpose . ``
really ?
as if it was sushi ?
wow .
sorry guys , you are just not worth it .

-1
what a bad time !
we had reservations for 930 and did n't get seated until 10 ... well we got seated at a temporary table until the table we were supposed to have was ready ... then we moved again !
they did n't get any of the food right !
some of us did n't eat at all .
we all left hungry .
my ribs were good but fatty .
.
not worth $ 20 .
i will not be returning .
one star for decor .

-1
giligin 's is somewhat of a deceptive-looking establishment located in a part of scottsdale that so many bars or restaurants would kill to be .
the place is done up with an abundance of island/nautical themes and leads one to believe it 's some kind of clam and oyster bar .
it 's also tried posing as a sports bar .
truth is giligin 's does serve seafood but i would n't recommend getting it .
even standard pub grub like wings , motz sticks and other fried apps were mediocre .
giligin 's tried to tap in on the college football crowds some years back and they adopted us to have our game watch parties there .
their tvs were of poor quality , like circa 1990s and many times they left up the sex games that bar patrons played the night before .
they had some kind of spin the wheel game with a lubricant in one slot and condoms in another .
sounds like fun stuff but on saturday morning when people come in to watch their alma-maters play and bring their family , it 's out of place and tacky .
one saturday morning they locked the doors and did n't let patrons in ( yes there were people inside ) .
no announcement , no note on door , nothing .
i have stopped there at night before but i remember it being uneventful and leaving .
it was basically just a stop in while heading from one place to another .
it seems like it 's the kind of place that lives on walker-by traffic .
why else would one go ?

-1
i was so excited to try this place but i could not be more dissapointed .
carpaccio was a joke .
worst i have ever had .
stuck to the plate and it was paper thin .
so thin that you could barely taste it .
no seasoning on my steak .
poorest prepared filet i have ever had .
good drinks but food was terrible .
will never go back .
bad service also .
no one asked me the entire night how the food was .
i had to ask the waiter 3-4 times for my drinks because he kept forgetting .
probably the lowest quality fine dining restaurant i have ever been to .

-1
i have never been so angry to pay my bill before my lovely experience at the garcias 's in arizona mills .
i love mexican food , so it was no question that when my boyfriend and i were browsing through our selections at the mall , we decided on garcia 's .
upon entrance , the staff was very unwelcoming and standard .
we were seated and immediately asked our drink orders .
within minutes the chips and salsa ... and bean dip were delivered-which was the best part of the meal .
our waitress took way too long to take our orders and when we finally received our food ( i had chicken enchiladas with rice and beans and my boy had a chimi ) we were n't impressed .
our meal lacked flavor .
i know that garcia 's is n't authentic mexican-super yummy , hole in the wall-mom and pop shop-sorta authentic , but still , i expected something better than the bland , flavorless garbage that was steaming in front of me .
it was crap , and overpriced .
the bean dip was the best part of my meal ... even the salsa tasted like it came out of a pace bottle .
crapalicious .

-1
no one greeted me .
took a few minutes to be asked for something to drink .
when my food was served i asked for a side of salsa .
i waited 30 minutes , never even being checked in on once during that time .
finally i interrupted a waiter to ask for it again .
by that time my food as cold .
i 've been waiting for another 30 min just pay my bill .
food was good waitress tried .
.
but c'mon !

-1
oh man this place smells bad .
no it 's not that `` old lady `` smell .
it 's more like a dirty diaper smell .
i quickly scanned the home goods .
plastic containers that sell new for $ 1.00 at the dollar store were being sold for $ 1.50 at this thrift store .
really ?
it just seemed that everything was just a smidge overpriced , reminds me of the salvation army in that respect .
i really hope they fix the smell soon .
.
then i might try this place in the future and update my review .

-1
i would like to tell you a story about the worst day of my life .
it was when i came to your worthless `` bar `` your overpriced cocktails have the alcohol content of a handi-wipe at best .
i can also conclude that you do not have any sort of benefits offered to your employees because they walk by customers several times and can not seem to recognize what a customer holding cash looks like .
send them to an eye doctor .
they are too busy checking their cell phones and showing each other their awful , awful tattoos .
the prisoners in a concentration camps received better service from the nazis then i got from the employees at your bar .
i had such a bad experience that i feel i will never be able to get an erection ever again , until i hear that your place has gone out of business ( i 'm sure it will very soon ) the only compliment i have is that i am glad you allow dogs on your patio .
i plan to bring them mine over soon after eating five cans of hormel chili in the hopes they will piss and s *** all over the place and hopefully maul a member of your useless staff .
if a member of the police force shows up and have been to your dump bar , they will understand and let me go .
i predict your hellhole will soon be turning into a gay bar .
p.s . - the food you offer ... wow .
i ca n't believe you try to pass that kibble off as food .
the health department will be by soon and will close your virtual food `` house of horrors `` asap .
great food if you are constipated and need to do a little spring cleaning .
if you are bulimic , come eat here .
guaranteed to make you puke .
looking forward to the day you go out of business .

-1
after seeing all the 5 star ratings we decided to give mark 's a try this morning ... that was a mistake .
the hubs ordered pancakes , bacon & eggs while i got biscuits and gravy .
the pancakes are massive , but quantity does not trump quality in my book .
seriously the worst pancakes ever , dry , cakey , and tasted like bisquick .
the bacon was thin and pitiful and looked as though it had been cooked in a microwave .
my biscuits were `` ok `` but they also tasted like bisquick .
only redeeming part of my breakfast was the gravy , it was loaded with black pepper so it has a nice spice to it .
all in all i think we 'll stick with our usual joints , the good egg or matt 's big breakfast !

-1
called and asked about the yelp deal before going in since others where clearly running into problems using it .
the girl on the phone said i ca n't use it tonight ( sunday ) after 7 .
i told her it clearly states only friday and saturday night after 7 is n't valid .
she responded `` well it should say sunday too `` .
talk about adding fine print to the fine print !
smh well , guess we wo n't even try them out since they do shady business .

-1
terrible , terrible customer service at this location .
i wanted to buy a stroller ( ~ $ 260 ) for my daughter but could not take it home right away .
i asked if i could leave the stroller there until she could pick it up next saturday .
the clerk checked with her manager and rudely told me that under the store policy i could leave it their for 3 to 4 days , but they would make this one exception and i could never do that again .
and if i did n't pick it up at that time , they ... at which time i cut her off and said i would not be buying it nor would i ever purchase an item in that store again .
then i let the manager know the same .
i buy there all the time , but i guess they do n't need my business .

-1
this place is closed .

-1
i saw mumford and sons here and it was the worst concert i 've ever been to .
they made you take off the caps of any water bottles you were taking in making it extremely inconvenient to stay hydrated on a hot summer night .
you could not hear anything on the lawn .
the faint sound of the band was either muffled by chants of `` turn it up ! ``
or hushes from the crowd in attempt to get people quite enough to make out what song the band was singer .
according to their facebook page people who attended different concerts experienced the same issues .
save yourself some money and buy a live album .

-1
i heard so many great things about it , i stopped once with my family to find that they only took cash but did n't have an atm in the lobby .
so i went back when i was on my way to school to grab something and got a seriously bad stomach ache .
very disappointed

-1
i ate here because i 've worked in this general area since 2002 and have never patronized this establishment .
i was wise not to do so .
yukkky .
i ordered a ruben , which seemed safe .
the dressing was overly-sweet , as was the coleslaw , which was my only salad option .
the fries were the thick-cut kind that never seem to get crisp .
just simply awful .

-1
if you are in search of good ole down home soul food lolo 's will be a disappointment to you .
i ordered the gizzard , rice , & gravy .
the brown gravy had absolutely no flavor to it .
i never salt my food but i had to add salt & pepper to the brown gravy .
still , it was no help .
the bland coating to the gizzards was not crispy .
my boyfriend ordered the baby ray .
he , too , said his brown gravy had no taste .
his waffles had an unexpected cinnamon spice to them ( which was not described on the menu ) .
coming from georgia , my palate was very spoiled by all the southern cook 'n restaurants i had to choose from .
to me i can not classify lolo 's as a soul food restaurant .
it is a poor imitation .
it is quite pricey as well .
lunch for two ( 2 entrees & 2 teas ) was 32.00 ( tip not included ) .

-1
i guess they do n't make very many veggie burgers here .
the lady looked at me crazy when i asked for one .
i should have taken that as a hint .
worst burger ever .
it tasted like dry hard cardboard .
it tasted like they got a freezer burned patty and over microwaved it .
do n't do it guys go to the cpk next door .
on the upside the french fries were pretty good but the burgers will make u sick .

-1
i have been searching for a mongolian grill near surprise , az ; this place is the best .
a wide selection to chose from .
i agree that one bowl is more than enough and you will have food left to take with you .
the server there was wonderful .
i will eat here again ***** update ******* i will never eat here again .
ganghis has made lots of changes that have impacted the quality of the food .
i loved this place and was eating here at least once a week .
i ate here again on 10/28/13 and as you know the food is supposed to be raw and they cook it on the grill for you .
however for some reason they precook the chicken then you are supposed to pile your other raw ingredients on top of it then hand it to one of the grill guys and let the cook it all over again .
the chicken was very dry .
the restaurant was filthy .
the bar with e raw food was plain dirty .
the little cups for your sauce were all stained .
i kept looking for a clean one and could not find one .
additionally the last few times i have eaten there i have received bowls that contained items i did n't put in my bowl .
one example is i do n't eat seafood but my bowl had 3 shrimp in it .
what if i had a seafood allergy ?
eat here at your own risk !
the place needs a good scrub.the tables , menus , silverware , and chairs had left over food particles on them .
i used to visit here every week and i have seen the rapid decline .
i do n't know what management was thinking ... if it was n't broke then why fix it ?

-1
we tried chop last weekend .
we went in with the intention to sit at the bar , order a couple glasses of wine ( or more ) , have an app , salad and an entree .
( woo date night ! )
when we walked in , we were immediately impressed with the decor/ambiance .
it was a nice ( upscale ) change from the typical places in the chandler area .
we found a seat at the bar and ordered two glasses of wine while we perused the menu .
try to stay ` healthy ' we decided on chicken satay , a salad and the pork chops .
the wine was delicious , and the wine menu was impressive .
then the chicken satay came out ... .
i took the first bite and tried to figure out if i really liked the over-seasoned taste , or if it was ` too much ' - at the same time i realized that something was just ` off . '
my husband took a bite and said `` uh , this is undercooked . ``
he cut the chicken down the middle to separate it from the skewer .
the chicken was raw !
not just pink .
raw .
if you have been to chop then you know it is really dark in there .
the chicken was so raw that you could even see it in the dark .
i immediately spit out my second bite that i had taken in the meantime .
the bar waitress notices , asks us if there is an issue , to which we reply `` ya , this is raw . ``
she looked concerned , but not mortified like we were that we just ate raw chicken .
she asked if we wanted to order a different appetizer .
confused as to what just happened , we both said `` sure . ``
but as we looked at the menu ( remembering that we ordered pork for the entree ... and raw pork is pretty bad , too ) , we decided to cancel our order and go to sauce .
in the mean time , when our bartender heard what happened , she came over and said `` well , the good news is that as long as it reached a certain temperature , it should n't do any harm . ``
( ummmm ... huh ? )
.
my husband replied `` if it was raw , then it did n't reach a certain temperature , trust me . ``
so - they comp 'd our drinks ( which was nice ) .
but i was a little put off that the manager/owner did n't want to talk to us .
maybe we left too soon ?

-1
i 'm a local here in apache junction az and always open to trying out and supporting the local food business 's .
i 'm giving one star for the boars head meat , but if your looking for a clean , welcoming , place then this is not for you .
one of the worse customer service places i 've been in a long time .
for the price you might as well go buy your boars head meat from fry 's and make your own sandwich .
never going again and never recommending this place .

-1
just arrived 5 hours late on aa2469 after 2 broken planes & 3 gate changes

-1
had plans to go to breakfast at rnr but they were closed at 10:30 am so we yelped it and found orange table at the top of the yelp list with lots of good reviews .
this place is pretty hard to find .
had to stop and ask 3 people , make 1 phone call to restaurant , and husband running all over trying to find .
finally found it unfortunately !
its a cute little place .
we had hoped the food was going to be as good as the reviews say it is but no not really .
my husband had banana pancakes with side of bacon .
pancakes were honestly no joke the worst i have ever had .
i literally spit it out in my napkin .
husband said it wasnt that bad but he wouldnt have it again .
i had a mushroom omelet with a cream sherry sauce .
it really was not that good to me .
that sauce would have been great on a piece of steak but it was just a weird pairing in an omelet to me and the taste i just couldnt get past .
one bite and i forced myself to try another bite just to be sure and ya i was sure yuck no good i pushed it away .
unfortunately my waitress was busy in deep conversation with the table next to us so she didnt know there was a problem until my husband was completely done .
she offered to have something else made but 1/3 of the breakfast menu was corned beef which i am not that fond of and nothing else sounded that great so i declined .
she brought the bill back and gave us half off the meal i couldnt eat because it tasted awful so for that , my husbands 2 pancakes and bacon along with a mocha the bill was $ 35 .
that kinda pissed me off so i asked her if she could please do something about it because i literally ate a bite and it just wasnt good .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .
she said i dont know i will have to ask the owner so i said ok and then she walked over to the cash register took it off without asking anyone and then drop it off again .
so 2 lousy pancakes , 2 pieces of bacon , and 1 coffee $ 20 with a $ 3 tip .
asked the hub would you go back he said no .
i of course would never go back .
oh well better luck next time .
check out the unfiltered reviews .
lots of bad reviews there .
they seem to have had the same experience i had .
they have to be paying people to review them positively .

-1
yesterday we stopped at blue 32 sports grill after attending a movie .
my husband and i found the food to be tasty and waitstaff service to very good however when he found a hair in his sandwich and spoke to the waitress and followed by a stop by the table from the manager our impression of the restaurant went downhill fast .
the manager stopped and asked if everything was ok , we asked if she was asking about the hair .
she said they do wear hats in the kitchen , like she had on .
offered a new sandwich after 3/4 of the sandwich was eaten and that was it .
i would have expected a more sincere caring for finding hair in the sandwich .
will not be going there again due to the manager experience .
wait person was very nice and extremely caring .
more food was not an appropriate solution .

-1
one star !
( i ate the salad and two ribs ) i drove 5-6 miles because of the good reviews .
scary that people think that 's good bbq .
i got their sampler and was happy to see the portions were fair size .
ribs were ok at best .
everything was bland , even the ranch dressing and `` hot `` bbq sauce .
the other meats were gross .
i tasted each and put the lids back on the containers , they were literally that bad .
i 'm going to take the brisket , chicken and pork back tomorrow .
i 'll update my review tomorrow to see how they handle customer complaints .

-1
this place was recommended to me so i decided to try it out .
big mistake .
i tried their jampong soup and it was the worst jampong and worst soup i have ever had .
the noodles were n't fresh ... infact they tasted like they had been frozen for 5yrs too long .
extremely mushy and not edible .
the soup was bland and was not proper jampong soup .
i think they mixed a couple sauces together with water and called it jampong .
the seafood and beef were dismal and the shrimp that was in the soup was n't cleaned properly .
please do us all a favor and take this so called jampong soup off your menu .

-1
horrible food .
if you have been referred by a concierge do n't go , they get a kickback .
the food is gross .
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

-1
going to try to get my money back from groupon , i purchased it and they already told me they are sold out for over a month , also the lady emailing me ( kathy the `` chef `` what a joke .
. )
was not very nice or helpfu at all , i emailed her for clarification about whether or not they had classes available , you can not call to talk to anyone they only want you to email them , it 's ridiculous , she emailed me and told me to go back online and look up the august schedule she did not offer to give me any other info but that i need to look closer on their website , the problem is , the schedule for the month i 'm interested in ( august ) is not posted yet ( what are they waiting for it 's almost august ) , it only shows what dates are sold out but offers no information about what dates have classes for my child 's age or any schedule info for augus classes , so they are only telling you what dates you can not go but no info on which classes are available still and what types of classes they are ? ? ?
it says `` august schedule coming soon `` but today is july 28th , do n't you think they should have the schedule up for august by now yet she already knows she 's pretty much sold out for august according to her email to me ? ?
i plan to get my groupon money back and apply it elsewhere , i took a free trial a year ago and also did not sign up then , figured i `` d give it one more shot with the groupon deal but they continue to leave a bad taste in my mouth , i recall my daughter rolled out a pillsbury biscuit dough and some helper lady in there was yelling at the kids to hurry up and wash their hands in a very nasty way , it was their first class and they were 3 and 4 year olds and i felt my child did not take away anything from this class and do not pay 25.00 for a class here , you can teach them more on your own at home plus they sell stuff in the lobby that is overpriced like a measuring spoon with their logo on it give me a break - the description is nothing like what you get when you go there .
save your money for some other class .
also have to say that upon taking the free trial class the red flag went up when they said we could not watch our join our kids , so for an hour stay crammed in the lobby with hardly any chairs for parents to sit and wait , i do n't know about anyone else but i wasnt going to leave my 4 year old in a strange place with these crabby ladies or any stranger even if they were nice people so they should have a spot for parents to watch the class .
uhh ! !

-1
mediocre sushi and god-awful service .
my wife and i , both ex-servers from our college years , tried them three times .
every time the service was infuriating and the food bland .
save your money .

-1
i 've spending a lot of time with a friend who is a pretty serious coffee drinker .
a couple nights ago , we stopped in at hava java for a caffeinated beverage before enjoying some gelato next door .
being the afternoon of july 4th , the place was empty , save for the barista and a guy who was in there chatting her up .
i ordered a cafe au lait , he an iced coffee of some sort .
after asking me if i preferred skim milk or 2 % , the barista handed me my cup of milk and foam and told me the coffee was self-serve and pointed me in the direction of the three coffee dispensers on the other side of the bar .
really ?
$ 3.75 for a cafe au lait and i have to pour the coffee myself ?
i suppose that would n't have been entirely terrible if it had been any good .
it 's amazing how much difference whole milk makes , but even beyond that , the coffee was weak and flavorless , and since it had to be pumped over the weak foam and milk , my drink tasted like little more than a drip coffee with milk .
lame .
sorry , hava java - a repeat customer i will not become .
p.s . - a $ 0.25 `` service fee `` is charged to all credit/debit transactions .
again , lame .

-1
this restaurant is disgusting .
my shrimp was overcooked , my sister 's meat undercooked , and the service was neglectful and apathetic .
completely overpriced for the crap they call food .
i would never eat there again .

-1
dont trust their free memberships .
i called the 800 number to get a free pass for my wife while in az on vacation .
they told me i could use it anywhere .
when i got to the front desk they would not honor it .
.
even though i produced two free passes .
they would not even let my wife work out since we drove 15 min to get there .
the mgr was rude , snobby , and thought she was something special .
one of those that gets a tiny bit of power and thinks she is so special .
do n't trust them even though i am a member they are rude at this club ! ! !
go elsewhere ! !

-1
well , i had a very bad experience here , and probably will not be coming back .
found a pair of matching bicycle wheels , both with paper `` hang tags `` attached for pricing .
one of the tags had a price sticker attached , and the sticker was missing from the other .
when i went up to pay for them , i was told `` we can only sell you this one , since the other does not have a price `` .
i explained that one wheel was no good without the other , and i would be glad to pay the same price for both wheels .
the answer i got was `` sorry , we are swamped right now , and we do not have time to place a price tag on this - come back tomorrow `` ( there was no one else in line ) .
what ? ? ? ? ?
is this the correct way to treat a paying customer ? ?
there was plenty of time to either ( 1 ) have the item priced , or ( 2 ) call a member of management to make everything right .
i shop at thrift stores very often , and do know of policies regarding missing price tags .
but this should have been handled more proactively , especially since the two items matched .
the clerk , though , could n't have been bothered .
the prices on some items are ok , and the store has mostly clothing - there is very little in the way of housewares and furniture .
and if it is something with a bit of value to it , generally the item or items is looked up on ebay , priced accordingly , and placed in a display case .
memo to 360 thrift : if we as buyers want to pay ebay prices for things , we will do it from our computers at home , and save time and gas .
i have also heard profane language coming from the workers when they are standing around waiting for customers .
overall , not a good shopping environment .
i 'll stick with goodwill & savers .
the doors will be probably be closed here within 3-4 months ... ... ... ... .
.

-1
i was looking forward to checking this place out after reading the reviews on yelp .
it 's decorated in a beach theme and seems like a fun atmosphere .
i sat at the bar and it took a little while to get my menu .
i ordered the bacon cheeseburger .
and then i waited .
and i waited .
a half hour after i sat down at the bar i still did n't have any food .
i put a couple bucks on the bar for my sprite and walked out .

-1
we had a meeting in the area and the seven of us decided to hit aunt chilada 's for a late lunch .
it was convenient but that 's about all .
the service was friendly and quick enough , but the selections were completely overpriced .
i ended up requesting just an appetizer just to keep within my lunch budget .
the lemonade was bad .
as in made with turned lemons and not sweet at all .
and if they did n't make it , they need to clean the fountain machine or something .
i got a shredded beef quesadilla and it was so greasy i had to tip my plate to keep the remainder from swimming while i tried to eat .
it tasted good once i squeezed out the drippings from each piece .
i was n't impressed .
but what annoyed me the most was although they automatically added a 20 % tip onto every ticket , when the server brought back my change from a $ 20 , she kept the extra 83 cents .
rounding up quite a bit there , eh ?
$ 2.73 tip for a crappy $ 9.50 appetizer is asking too much .
next time someone suggests this place , i 'll pass .

-1
where is the zero ?
true waitress who worked our table was such a b ! tch that we left .
i was really hungry too so it had to be way over the top rude .
i hope they are n't all like her .

-1
the only thing worth the money here is the thai iced tea .
i have never spent $ 30 and walked away starving !
needless to say my husband and i will not be going back .

-1
my sister and i decided that we wanted sushi .
we went to this place because it was close to our house and we had both of our kids .
we got there and the lady sat us and then attended to her other tables .
we sat there for a good while staring at her waiting for menus .
we had to ask another gentleman who also got us our waters .
she was very rude and when we asked for things like soup she would stare at us and walk away .
she only had two tables and barely came over to us .
when we got our check we needed to split it as i was explaining what we wanted to do and she walked away .
we could n't understand her half the time because she was so quiet .
to be honest the sushi was mainly rice with barely any `` meat `` to it .
out philly rolls were the tinest i have ever seen .
their happy hour is n't even happy hour .
just a buy one get one special .
i will not be spending my money here again .

-1
cool dã©cor , mediocre food , eh-prices .
i want to like it , really i do .
every time i leave two hippies i tell myself i probably should have ordered something else ... but nope , still feels like an unskilled friend whipped something up real quick and poured cherry syrup in minute maid lemonade and called it gourmet .
the food might taste better if the atmosphere and decor did n't get your hopes up .
when you walk in to any of their locations you ca n't help to be excited about the possibility of falling in love with another trendy downtown restaurant , only to be disappointed .
it 's like a date with someone you met on facebook who had a really interesting about me section and who 's display picture portrayed them as a model , only to find out they 're just average in real life .

-1
bad food , , very slow service .
did i say over priced .
save your money eat somewhere else .
.
basic hamburger taste bad .
how does this place stay in business .

-1
food is good but the service is slow .
did n't care too much for the outside seating either .

-1
i order chicken and shrimp pad thai togo .
came home and open the box , all i see is noodle , chickens and bean sprouts .
did they forget the shrimps ? ? ?
the chickens are dry and the noodle is mushy .
will not order again

-1
terrible service .
what a waste to spend $ and time to come here for lunch .
i called my order in an hour prior to pick up .
had to wait 15 min for it and then it was made wrong .
thankfully i work next door so i was able to bring it back over to be fixed .
however upon my return no one apologized for the error or inconvenience of having to come back .
cleary their team needs a lesson in what customer service is .
i would give them zero stars if that was an option .

-1
i do not recommend this school .
i was extremely dissatisfied with the school 's inflexible policies , the communication rendered by employees , and the effects enrollment there had on my child .
1 ) incompetent care the entire time my three year old attended , she had a rash on her rear , as they did not wipe her properly when she used the bathroom .
three year old 's need assistance in getting cleaned up after they go potty - this is daycare 101 .
as soon as my child would come home , her rash would clear up - then return during the next week at school .
i spoke to the employees at the school about this on several occasions and nothing was done to correct the problem .
2 ) forced naps two hours out of the five my daughter attended scottsdale academy daily , the children were required to nap .
no provision was made for children who do n't nap ( mine just happens to be one of those kids who do n't ) .
they are not even allowed to quietly read or draw - they are forced to lie there .
failing to provide an option for a quiet activity / assuming all children fit one mold is simply bad childcare .
3 ) inflexible policies this school requires that you pick up your child at a certain time , regardless of what time you drop them off .
for every five minutes you are late , they charge you $ 5.00 .
they are completely inflexible about this regulation , even for moms who have other kids to pick up across town after school .
because of this rule , i was forced to pick up my little girl at 2 pm before the other after-school pick-ups i needed to make , thus reducing the amount of time she was spending at scottsdale academy .
they would do nothing to modify their fees to compensate for this , and were completely unwilling to make adjustments based on actual hourly attendance .
it 's as if they do not want your business !
interesting business model - i imagine attrition is high at this school .
i know i was only too happy to withdraw my child .
( by the way , they do n't refund any of your money when you withdraw . )
4 ) communication problems the daycare workers at scottsdale academy do not communicate with parents about the daily experiences/progress of their children .
a slip of paper is provided at the end of the day telling parents that the child napped or did not , ate or did not , and what project was completed .
no other information is shared - nothing about social interactions , milestones , problems , or other pertinent issues .
when i arrived to pick up my child , everyone there acted as if they were too busy to stop and talk to me .

-1
i 've visited nando 's 3 times , each time has been progressively worse .
the first was back in april '13 food and service was ok , not great .
the last time ( oct , 13 ' 13 ) was the worst by far .
we were there about 6:30 pm and by 7:00 pm the staff was clearing tables for the night , as if they were closing very soon .
as mentioned by others the salsa tastes like it came out of a bottle with very little flavor , the steak for the tacos carbon was very chewy and the beans tasted like something out of a can .
my judgement could have been impaired since the week before i was in abq where every mexican place was outstanding .
however , the wait staff was very inattentive to the point where i had to ask another server if i could get a drink refill .
needless to say i left a very small tip less than10 % and vowed to never go back again .
too bad really , this side of town needs a good mexican food restaurant and i wanted this place to work out .

-1
all i have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you 're gon na get .
and if you 're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors , the this is the place to eat .

-1
horrible pizza !
how can they justify the high price they charge for less than mediocre food ?
pizza was bland , wet , and soggy .
service was not good either .
i had a coupon which i forgot to mention when ordering but mentioned to them no more than 2 min after .
they would not honor it .
now that 's excellent customer service .
very disappointed .

-1
this is by far the worst starbucks i have ever visited .
they always seem to get my order wrong , and the customer service is terrible .
i kept giving it a chance because of the drive thru and location .
i will be taking the extra time to go to a different location from now on .

-1
this place is close to my house , eat here at lease twice a month .
but the last few visits sure were disappointing .
the salsa bar was dirty .
tables were not clean .
i have had good fish taco there , but will find a new location .

-1
i called the restaurant at noon on labor day and was told that they would be open till 8 pm .
i arranged to have some east valley family members meet there at 4 o'clock for tortas .
what ! ! !
they were closed .
no sign .
nothing .
very bad form .

-1
pharmacy staff and service are terrible .
slow and rude .
i transferred my prescript else where after waiting 45 min to be counseled on a script i 've been taking for 8 years !
so not necessary ...

-1
i have gone to the nextcare on northern a number of times and each time i 've been very happy with the service but this location is not pleasant .
first , we walked in the door to be blasted with the heat of the office .
it 's 50 degrees outside and 85 inside .
if that is not bad enough the african american girl behind the desk was a smoker and you could smell her from the front door .
the stench was so strong i had to keep leaving the waiting room because of the cigarette odor .
to make things worse , she got up twice during the time i was waiting and went outside to smoke more , so each time she came back in the smell in the room just kept getting worse and worse .
the smell traveled all the way down to the waiting rooms after we got in to see the doctor .
this made the whole location seem disgusting and dirty .
second , as i said it was hot , oppressively hot .
after that they put myself , my wife and my daughter in a 12 by 12 room and closed the door the heat kept building to the point my daughter started to feel light headed .
when i asked them to at least leave the door open , they said it was against hippa laws to leave the door open .
the doctor was fine , but when all got home we all had to take a shower and put our clothes straight into the washing machine .
this visit left my family and i completely grossed out .
not the kind of feeling you want from a medical facility .

-1
stop .
just stop .
in a city where some truly phenomenal beer flows freely , this place is taking up valuable beer-brewing-and-pouring real-estate .
sometimes i think that this place is a deliberate act of sarcasm .
... i have to stop thinking about it ...

-1
this place is fucking awful .
i have n't been here in about 10 years or so and i could n't remember why ... well , i went today and it all came back to me - vividly .
i told my server it was my first time in 10 years and she immediately said `` nothing has changed . ``
boy , was she right .
the food is a gloppy greasy gut grenade to begin with ... the presentation is straight out of the 80 's - huge portions of slop overcooked and swimming in an even more overcooked sea of diarrhea with some wilted iceberg lettuce plopped on top looking sad .
it 's the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen referred to as food .
all the food here is pre-cooked ... meaning it is just sitting there over heat waiting for you to order it .
i know this because you ca n't order anything special , like `` no onions `` in your shredded beef .
the chicken was dry and clearly had been sitting on heat for several hours .
it was completely vile .
we had also ordered a cheese crisp with ground beef ... that was the description .
it said nothing about veggies on it , but there they were - some pathetic overcooked hunks of unidentifiable veg trapped in the tar pit of cheap rubbery cheese and grey meat-esque vomit .
it was sickening ... the decor of this place is a leftover relic clearly designed over 30 years ago by someone who was heavily into psychotropic drugs and disneyland .
that went along with the food which looked like it belonged in a museum ( as my girlfriend suggested ) .
the lighting in the room they stuck us in was n't helping - it cast a blue hue from the skylights onto everything on the table making the food look even less appetizing .
aside from that though , it 's kinda kitschy in both a fun way and a pathetic way .
i basically refused to eat anything from the menu ( though i tasted some of my girlfriend 's dish and the cheese crisp ) and stuck to chips and salsa .
the chips are the freshest thing sold here and are n't bad .
the salsa is n't so bad either .
we split a margarita just to sample it and decided it was n't bad , but you could tell they put cheap tequila in it - beware of subsequent headaches .
it 's a shame the food is so shitty because this place is in a great location .
i can only recommend it for grabbing drinks with that hot gilf you found at the yarn barn before you take her back to her retirement community to bang .

-1
ok so heres the deal .
i used to love this place .
i took family here , mom , grandmas , brother , cousins , the whole shabang .
i brought dates here , i brought friends here , i had meetings here , my friends were the ones that brought me here in the first place and i fell in love .
well honey , that was a year ago , or maybe a few months ago , but now that has all changed because they changed their menu .
and its awful .
long story short , im a phx native , but i go to school out of state and i had always craved green when i was gone because i wanted good vegan food , that the boca burger and salad crap .
so after 14 weeks away i decide to order one of my two favorites and really the only two things i order other than a soynami or wings ; the orcettee bowl with no harm chicken parm or the sweet and sour .
so i call to order to go and find out that both of these are not on the menu anymore and that they changed their menu literally days after i went back to school .
so , i canceled the entire order and went some where else that doesnt change their menu and take the best things off .
aka pita jungle .
literally i am so devastated that i decided to look up other responses to find that i was n't the only one complaining and that they had changed other things on the menu as well as taken favorites off .
they changed their delicious burgers to disgusting boca burgers , and added a bunch of salads .
seriously .
you added boca burgers and salads ?
and took off some of the best vegan food in the world ?
are you serious ?
i wont eat a boca burger if it was the last thing on earth .
im so sick of going to bbqs and being asked if i want a boca burger .
next thing is adding salads ?
really ?
did you ever think that salads are really the only thing that vegans can eat at normal restaurants ?
and you decide to take the good food that vegans cant get anywhere else and replace it with the only thing we can eat .
wow .
thanks for going for the sterotype .
vegetarian = only eats salads ?
really ?
what are you goign to take away next ?
the wings ?
the soynami ?
im getting out of there waaaaay before that happens .
like maybe now .
thanks green .
you hurt my feelings .
: ( i honestly dont think i want to go back im so up set .
in fact dont go .
whats on the menu now is nothing compared to what it used to be .
the point is : if you had something amazing why change it ?
if your going to add things to the menu dont take things away .
the sweet and sour and the ocette pasta was literally the only thing i ever got there besides wings and a soynami and now what ?
you may call me stubborn but both of those were so good that all you ever wanted were those two items .
if you have the ingredients why not put them back together to make something amazing ?
so thanks green for making my homecoming suck because you changed your menu and made it horrible .
maybe you should just add on to the old menu and not completely wipe it off the face of the earth .

-1
closed forever ... too bad a-town is great to watch the games and have delicious food .
the wings are big , juicy and grilled if you want , try the `` hottest `` sauce on the side .
great specials , happy hour and plenty of tvs .
when the owner is there service is personal and friendly , never an empty mug !
on sundays they do squares and raffle tickets for prizes .
last year they gave away a tv !
check them out

-1
i really hope this does n't get censored , because several of my recent reviews have been censored .
i tend to only review a restaurant when i have a negative experience , and what follows is just that .
this is an honest and for real review .
we ate at chuhgajib korean bbq a few months ago and the food was good , not great , the service was good , and the prices are decent .
so we went back last friday night .
after placing our order i went to the bathroom in the back to wash my hands .
well let me tell you i was aghast at how filthy it was .
the floor was greasy and dirty .
and from the back hall way i could see into the kitchen , where there appeared to be piles of dirty dishes and pots and pans on the floor .
it smelled awful , it looked terrible .
i went back to our table where my wife and son were waiting .
i told my wife about how dirty it was in kitchen , and that i did n't want to stay and eat the food .
i caught a second glance at the dirty kitchen from the front .
wife agreed to leave .
we stood up .
i paid for my beer and we left .

-1
went for dinner last night , they have closed .
do n't know if it 's just a remodel or whether they are out of here ...

-1
total lack of staffing you can walk all over this store and not find an employee .
its dirty , disorganized , and most the time you are left to having to use self checkout , the have virtually no carts or trollys .
to top that off you get accosted by illegal immigrants as drive in to the parking lot and while leaving .

-1
horrible , horrible , and more horrible ... from the trampy looking hostess to the waiter that showed zero interest , our experience started out as a very negative one .
once the food arrived , the quality and size of the prime steaks was not the greatest .
who serves green onion butter with a herbed bread ?
what ever happened to plain rolls and butter .
the mashed potatoes arrived with a layer of melted butter on top .
the french fries had garlic ( ? )
coating on them .
stay away - a big ripoff and poor food !

-1
what can i say about the marquee theater that has n't been said ?
they are an overpriced , under-bartended , poorly ventilated , unpleasantly rude staff having , disgusting and sweaty hovel of a venue .
the one benefit to the marquee is that they occasionally book bands who fall into the too small for the arenas but too big for the dive bar stages .
that is literally it .
apart from that there is nothing good to report .
they make everyone who enters the venue undergo a t.s.a . type screening , complete with removed shoes and being asked to leave pens outside the venue .
the smoking area is too small and awkwardly designed and both bar areas are painfully understaffed .
despite this , they have a little over a dozen meat-head bouncers that are just way too involved in micro managing the often rowdy but essentially harmless crowds .
inside the actual music area it 's always way too hot , and i have never once seen them turn on those absurdly large fans they have against the walls ( for show i guess ? )
.
the place is super dirty , by which i mean it is grimy looking , poorly lit , hell the bathrooms are gross enough that they remind me of that scene in trainspotting ( you know , the worst toilet in scotland ) .
i saw at least two other reviewers refer to their having ` reasonable ' drink prices , but i remember being frustrated at the prices of everything at the bar and really feeling gypped by their lousy selection .
basically , this place stays in business because they are the only venue that can accommodate certain bands locally and so this is what we 're stuck with .
most of the bands that perform there are fine , but if you can see them anywhere else in the valley , i recommend it and promise it 'll be worth avoiding this awful place .

-1
it 's rare i give anything one star as i tend to be very forgiving .
and i like food .
and i really like island food and boba .
and i gave this place about 12 chances .
but ... the food is always semi-bland and the boba drinks are a complete bust every time .
sometimes you get a cup half full with ice and the other half something resembling syrup .
other times the consistency seems ok but there is no flavor whatsoever .
and the boba is crunchy in the middle half the time - i wonder if that 's what happens to really old boba ... anyways , go to a real boba place and avoid this one .

-1
i visited here a few weeks back while i was in town as i 've heard the food is amazing but i am sad to say that we were really let down .
not by the food but by the service alone .
two friends and i visited on a week night ( i believe it was a tuesday ) and we were seated quickly on the outside patio and brought menus .
very simple menu which is a plus .
between the three of us we ordered a pizza and some pasta and a few drinks .
we found it to be a little pricey and over rated but all in all we happy with the food .
the place was not very crowded this night either - the patio tables seemed to be occupied and the inside had a handful of table occupied as well .
not too slow , not too busy .
service seemed to be good until we neared the end of our meal .
our plates were cleared away once we had finished the food ( as expected ) and our check was dropped off at the table .
we were still drinking our drinks while enjoying conversation , paid our bill , then just a few short moments later our glasses and drinks were all removed from the table without our request .
the server straight up cleared our entire table without saying a single word to us .
it was a moment where we were not only confused as to why she was doing this but also very irritated .
it not only made us feel very uncomfortable but unwelcome .
we immediately regretted the huge tip that we left .
we would have understood if the place was at capacity , there was a wait to be seated and they needed the table but that was not the case at all .
we clearly got the vibe she was sending ( and it was n't a good one ) , picked up our stuff and left .
my husband ( someone who has been working in restaurant management for the last 15 + years ) was very uneasy about what had just happened and as we were walking out to leave he turned back around and asked to speak with a manager .
he explained the situation to the `` manager `` there but it was evident he did n't seem to really care as he did n't try one bit to remedy the situation or change our minds on their establishment .
worst choice he could have made right there .
i 've never ever encountered such rude service in my life and this is coming from someone who eats out at restaurants quite frequently .
needless to say we were all very very disappointed .
i 'd never visit this place again or recommend it due to their lack of respect and service alone .

-1
we arrived for lunch and were seated immediately .
our waiter , alonzo c. , looked a bit harried , running between tables .
he came to take our drink order and we also gave him our meal order .
we thought it a bit strange that another table that came in after us and ordered food after us had received their meal before we did .
after 25 minutes , alonzo came by and asked if we wanted more iced tea .
we asked if our food would be coming soon .
soon another waiter stopped by ( which we assume was the manager as he did not introduce himself ) and apologized for the long delay in bringing our food .
after that either alonzo or the manager stopped by every 5 minutes or so to see if we were okay .
when the food did arrive , the vegetables that came with the turkey burger looked like they were freezer burned and fresh from the microwave .
i would expect from a restaurant like `` islands `` that vegetables would be fresh .

-1
definitely not what i was expecting .
the fried rice was very generic and the sweet and sour pork was only 3 pieces .
the pieces seemed like they were on steroids and not in a good way .
the mushrooms in the almond chicken seemed like they were fresh out of the can , mmmm .
: / so if you are like myself and enjoy fresh ingredients , do yourself a favor and run !

-1
i was not impressed at all by the service , the food or the pricing .
first time here , wo n't be back .
i placed a take out order over the phone .
i tried to call back a few minutes later , several times over a 20 minute period .
i finally gave up .
when we arrived , we asked a very surly bartender to add an order of chicken teriyaki .
he tells us that we want the sushi room chicken .
we tell him `` no , we want chicken teriyaki `` ... he says that is only at lunch but that the sushi room chicken is the same .
( so - you are incapable of putting sauce on chicken at night ? )
as we are ordering , the phone is ringing and no one answers .
surprise , surprise .
( ps , there is like 8 employees boh and foh standing around ... backs turned to the guests and talking . )
well grumpy , disingenuous bartender , that chicken was not the same .
it was completely devoid of color , flavor , and appeal .
it came with plain sliced carrots and broccoli and a lump of rice ... for like 12 bucks .
wow .
also , it took forever !
eggrolls were the brightest spot in this whole meal .
not good enough that i will come here ever again .
the edamame came with no sea salt whatsoever , so it was just plain .
and the cailfornia roll was unattractive , limp and did not taste fresh .
maybe the food and the speed of service would not have sucked so bad if all the of the guys in chef coats and executive chef were n't behind the counter or out in the dining room palling around .

-1
i gave it one star as i had a decent parking spot .
i have used this location about 6 times as it 's very convenient .
each time they are rude and incompetent at best .
my bad for continuing to try every now and then .
i do really try to give people the benefit of doubt .
today was the last straw as it took everything in my power not to pull someone across the counter ... we arrived 6 minutes after they opened .
my daughter was fasting for her test as well .
the front lady and guy always at the computer are clearly annoyed you are there at all ; so be careful when you need them to do their job .
after 2 hours we were told they called my dr and we were 4 days too early .
prior to this they lost our sign in , were very rude to my daughter for inquiring estimated time left after an hour , and gave an attitude no matter how politely you asked for their assistance .
by the way my doctor office said no one had called and none of what we were told was accurate .
if your employees are not able to provide minimally acceptable social interaction , please hide them in the back or shut down until you can hire someone who will make eye contact for reasons other than to roll their eyes .
i will not be returning and am happy to tell anyone how horrible this place is .
patronize this location at your own risk .
i am very patient this crossed so many lines at one point i thought we would win money when a tv show host jumped out after we kept our cool in a ridiculous situation ... no such luck .
.
left after over 2 hours of waiting and rudeness , starving kid , still needing the tests , have to do all over again tomorrow , but clearly not at that location ! ! !

-1
so many good reviews and coworkers highly recommendations made me go to this place .
i had my doubts but we try everything at least once .
we went on saturday around 4pm the place was almost empty .
we got seated right away , our server was ok , and he did a pretty decent job .
on to the food : it was bland !
so very bland i was hoping i would 've carried tabasco or something in my purse to add flavor !
the bread that they keep bringing to your table that was the only thing good i had that day and that 's why i gave it 1 star .
we ordered the hummus as appetizer and it was ok , nothing to write back home .
i had the plate with chicken and filet mignon ; it was n't good it was a $ 20 bucks dish i was really expecting something good ; the beef and chicken seem to be pre-boiled , because the meat felt soggy , kinda like a wet piece of bread , it had a bit of charbroiled marks on them but it did n't had the flavor of the charbroiled it tasted so bland like i was eating boiled chicken and beef , it was so chewy i only ate 2 bites of it and i was done .
i asked for the `` burned rice `` that was recommended it 's some sort of crispy rice , it was awful , my jaw was hurting from chewing it and i was felling a tooth could break .
my husband had the kobideh and chicken combo , with the regular yellow rice , he also thought the chicken tasted odd , like a boiled chicken no flavor , the kobideh he liked at the beginning but then he said it just did n't taste good anymore , could be because it was very cold there and the food got cold pretty quickly .
he did like the hummus however , very much .
for my kid we order the chicken kebab , it also came with rice - he ate it fine , but i have a kid who never complains lol ( lucky for me ) and that was our meal , our server was nice and the service was a little slow but not something will make me not go back , however the food is making me close the chapter on persian room .
everybody keeps saying that the portions are huge ; they are not , they look huge because of the plate is served and the way is display on it , but they are n't really huge , they are normal size , they do fill it with rice !
you also feel full pretty fast because of the bread and the rice , so you may think it 's a lot of food , but it 's more like a lot of starch .
the place is a far drive , overpriced , tastes bland , not need to say we wo n't be back .
it has also a weird location in front of a hotel , remained me of a denny 's oh and by the time we were leaving the place was packed , so i 'm guessing overpricing food makes you think the food must be amazing , well fortunately i know is not the case !
one thing to add ; we left a little hungry with our food boxed ( then to the garbage ) , and with that little taste of the persia we had we got a little sick so we actually had to stop in a store to use the restrooms : (

-1
pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible .
the prizes are just crappy as they get .

-1
do not come here if you want indian cuisine !
i should have read other reviews more closely .
do i really want hummus or ceviche at an indian restaurant ?
this place is more for wine and tapas .
the decor is very hip and trendy but i dine out for the food and i thought the food was bland and tasteless .
entrees were high at $ 14 each plate and comes 2 dishes served with rice and chapati bread ( wheat tortilla . )
food arrived not hot .
my friend had vegetarian curry ; veggies had that frozen food rubbery texture .
cumin potatoes were sour .
my chicken keema and chicken tikka masala was bland and niether dish had flavor .
my basmati rice was clumpy and sticky : ( i did not like the ginger green tea .
it tasted like licorice .
i dunno , maybe i 'm too harsh and narrow minded .
i did feel underwhelmed and disappointed .
the food is not amazing .

-1
let me start with the positive - the service was exceptional .
very friendly and attentive .
the margarita on happy hour was very good and the prices were excellent .
now , for the negative : the food and the atmosphere .
the atmosphere is horrid .
as other reviews have mentioned there are kids running around during happy hour ( really ? ! )
and it is very sterile and lacking in ambiance .
the food was mediocre at best .
definitely wo n't be making a return trip which is too bad as the service was wonderful and i love cork ,

-1
this place serves ice cream not gelato .
let me be clear in saying i was a huge fan of angel sweet , but as long as the quality remains , i could n't care less in who owns the place or who `` peddles `` the addicting gelato to me .
first , the seating is much improved , but too modern for a place that serves young families ( ie chandler ) .
second , they now serve only scoops .
so if my husband who really liked fruits of the forest and banana combined he used to be able to get 2 flavors and a lot of it .
now with gelato spot , if he wants a large ( 3 scoops ) he would have to choose another flavor or upset the 50/50 ratio of flavor goodness by adding an additional scoop of one and not the other .
now we could overlook these flaws if the flavor was still there .
but it is no where to be found .
normally when you eat good , quality gelato , the flavor punches you in the mouth and there is no mistaking that you are eating pistachio or strawberry or lemon etc . .
gelato spot is the exact opposite of the flavor explosion .
it 's more like the boiled meat and vegetables that you put in the blender for your toothless grandma .
you can visually see the difference between the previous gelato and the current imposter .
the individual colors used to be bold and vibrant .
they 're muted and pastie from too much cream .
bottom line : if you want a nice place to sit , they now have booths .
but the gelato that you 're paying for is basically ice cream and dairy queen could beat them out in the flavor department .
pass on this place .

-1
was supposed to be best new rest .
in town ? ? ?
waitress raved about the toro ( fatty tuna sashimi ) and how good it was .
ive had the real thing in japan and this was not even close .
it was extremely fishy and didnt even appear to be toro .
it could have been regular maguro for all i know .
the crabonara ( crab pasta ) was also fishy .
notice a theme ?
cheese and meat appertizer was ok but i could make same thing for half the price at home .
disappointed beyond belief

-1
i 'm adding to my husbands review as i really wish there was the option for a -1 star .
my family and i stopped in on a rare windy and rainy sunday after being at several other dealerships .
we showed up in our weekend clothes ; hair was a bit messy from the previously mentioned wind and rain .
i think that had a definite impact on how we were treated .
from the start their door greeter was less than pleasant , assuming we would only want to see used cars .
did n't bother catching his name , but he was grey haired in a plaid shirt .
from the other reviews , i 'm assuming he was one of the managers .
we were passed off to a salesman who kept trying to up talk all the benefits of having an infiniti .
my husband had to state multiple times that we already owned one ( that is serviced at that location ) and that what he was telling him was nothing he did n't already know .
then he changed to the typical ` i 'm going to talk to you like a stupid woman and quote nothing but colors and safety numbers ' .
not a good way to gain my confidence .
when we refused to play his game and commit to anything , we were dumped on the internet sales guy .
he seemed nice enough , actually answered our questions .
we were n't making any decisions that day as we still had other vehicles to look at ( q7 , ram 2500 ) .
when we were leaving , the mephitid in plaid struck again , making it extremely obvious that we were not of high enough class to even look at his cars .
( again , we already own one . )
he left such a bad odor on the inifiti name that visiting the dealership on the other side of town ended up at the bottom of the list .
before we made it to the other dealer , we ended up purchasing a truck with a higher price tag than the suv we were looking at .
first tip , do n't bother coming into the dealer if you are n't wearing your armani .
second tip , if someone reaches out on your facebook page with an issue - it 's polite to respond .
but , of course as we all know , money ca n't buy you manners .

-1
this used to be my favorite mexican food restaurant in phoenix .
about a year ago my husband and i both became violently ill a few hours after eating there , and after reviewing what we ate in common determined it had to be the salsa .
so we stayed away until sat .
night when we decided to give it a try again .
the place has always been scary by its appearance but we were amazed how much it had run down in just a year .
everything was dirty , from the floors on up , including the inch of grime covering all the crap hanging on the walls , which keeps them from really cleaning or putting a badly needed fresh coat of paint on the place .
there are holes in the booths with stuffing spilling out and there was a big smear of dried salsa on the mirror hanging right next to my head .
all very unappealing !
add to that stale , tough tortilla chips , a very bland green chili burro and watered-down margarita and i 'm writing off an old favorite .
unless you really like the dangerous feeling you get when you walk into a border town dive , stay away !

-1
i have to start off on a good note .
.
the meat fillings in my tacos were tender and seasoned beautifully .
.
enough said .
.
my taco was a slimy mess .
.
the flour tortillas were drenched and turned doughy and nasty .
upon returning inside to see if i could remedy the situation i was met with an impromptu line and had to wait ten minutes to get a corn tortilla and a fork .
come on now ... can you make a fork accessible to your patrons ?
so i informed the young girl at the counter i was unhappy with the tortillas and she pointed to a very small sign that said corn tortillas now available .
.
woohoo we are in arizona for christ 's sake .
.
tacos normally come in corn tortillas ... flour should be the second choice .
so she charged me for a couple corn tortillas that were old and dry .
.
they tore in two when i folded them .
.
so upset with my experience i folded my soggy mess up and discarded it .
and i hate to waste food .

-1
my friend kept telling me how good their lunches are ... i tried it , but it did n't do anything for me .
the sandwich tasted like something you can get at safeway , but twice the price .
for being called a purveyor of fine foods , i expected the food to taste like not just any ordinary sandwich .
what i had : ham , cheese with portobello mushrooms on a panini with 2 sides of pasta , one was parmesan and the other was macaroni .
maybe it was the panini bread .
i think the parmesan pasta was made there , but i know for sure the macaroni was not made there , it tasted like something i had at a picnic which was in a carton .
it was n't anything to brag home about .
i found out the head chef made my sandwich ... keep him in the kitchen and away from the customers , no personality whatsoever .
i asked for his suggestion , and his reaction was `` anythings good . ``
normally , when i go to aj 's , i go for their desserts .
their desserts are fabulous and you can get individual servings at a reasonable price .
i can take an assortment home and have them for later .
our company does use them for their catering and i 've had many compliments on their dishes , but pass on the lunches .

-1
we spent 3 nights during our labor day weekend at this hotel .
we were attracted to this hotel because if its large in-room jacuzzi tub .
as we were checking in , the lobby of this hotel is small ( more like a `` room `` rather ) .
staff were chatting among themselves when we arrived around 1pm .
it did not seem very professional to me .
as i was in the lobby , i learned that this is actually a timeshare of the shell vacation club .
no wonder the the rooms are big with kitchenette ( no stove , just sink , fridge , and microwave ) , dining table , and a large sectional sofa .
i was given a room close to the parking lot , on the second/upper floor .
the room decor was decent .
not brand new , but `` okay `` .
as i mentioned before , the whole reason we booked this hotel is because of its in-room jacuzzi tub .
so as i was enjoying the tub at like 5pm , someone kept calling and calling the hotel room .
we did n't answer as we were in the tub , and we did not expect any call to the room .
then someone even bang on our door .
my husband answered the door , who claimed to be 2 security personnel .
they said downstairs ceiling was leaking water and wanted to inspect our room to see if `` everything is okay ' , and if `` anyone is injured `` .
they inspected the room , the patio , and wanted to inspect the bathroom as well .
however , i was in the tub and my husband asked if they can you come back in 2 hours ( around 7:30 pm ) for the inspection .
they agreed .
then later in the evening , th towel bar fell down .
so we called the front desk about the shower bar ( and asked to have someone to come fix it ) , and we also asked if the security guards were still coming , since it was already 8pm or so .
the person who answered the phone said `` we were just waiting upon your permission for us to get in . ``
we were like , `` ok , you can come in now `` , but i thought we had a prior arrangement for them to `` arrive in 2 hours `` ?
why the person was so rude and made it like we did not allow them to come in ?
then soon after , a guy came in to fix the towel bar , who said that someone already figured out that the downstairs leakage is due to the plumbing issue , and not related to us .
so they did not need to come in to inspect the tub .
we were relieved and continue our vacation .
then the second night of our stay , we were enjoying the hot tub at around 11pm .
again , someone kept calling our phone in the room , and we answered .
the lady , josie , in the phone said , `` you have to move now `` and did not give us any other option .
so after we packed up everything , we called josie again to clarify the situation .
she said people staying downstairs said we were told not to use the tub .
huh ?
nobody ever told us not to use the tub ?
they even came to inspect and found out problems were not in our room ?
then josie said the `` downstairs people refused to move `` , but so are we , at 11:30 pm ?
they evict a hotel guest at 11:30 pm at night given we did not anything wrong ?
we did not flood the place , we did not bang holes on the wall ... and she said , the ceiling of the downstairs is falling off , and if we do not move , and based in arizona law , if we notify the hotel guests that there maybe danger in the room and the hotel guests do not comply , they will not be responsible for any accident or damage .
after the threats , she offered that we could continue to stay in the room , but someone would have to come up to inspect the tub the next day and we could not use the tub .
i really do not understand - when there is a plumbing issue with the drain , why someone keeps need to inspect the room ?
most important is , we gave them the chance to inspect the room the night before - but they chose not to come to inspect it .
since we already packed up everything , we decided to move to the room in the next building anyway at 11:30 pm .
when comparing the 2 rooms , i found out there are quite some decor difference in the bathroom tiles and decor , and even the microwave is different for the 2 rooms ... sofa was a bit older , but still ok .
so the last day of our vacation , we were able to use the tub without disturbance .
the hotel manager kept wanting to talk to us , but i do not think there is anything he could do that could make us feel better .
he charged us 1 night less for the room - but that 's not what i was looking for anyway .
this is such a horrible experience that i would never ever recommend anyone to stay at this hotel .
if the hotel is has such a serious plumbing issue , then they should n't make hot tubs inside the room ( if their drain can not handle it ) .
i felt being prejudice against - either by age or by race ( we are asian ) .
stay at a real hotel , do n't stay in this type of timeshare with poor staff training and poor service .

-1
tonight at noca phoenix no dinner - waited 1.5 hours with no communication only to be told they were out of the fish i ordered left the restaurant 2 hrs later very hungry very disappointing

-1
okay - we made it back to dooby 's for dinner on a friday night after work .
my memory of the food from dooby 's had me excited for a second try .
well , we walk in around 8 and the place is pretty full , but plenty of seating remained .
the waitress told us to sit ` wherever ' - we chose a spot near the window so not to be on display in the rather open seating area ... i squinted at the beer taps and did n't see any of my old standbys , so when our waitress made her way over to the table i asked what was on tap .
she rattled off a few , and i picked one .
my girlfriend ordered a soda .
my beer took forever .
forever !
this is a major pet peeve of mine - when i sit down , i want to start drinking , soon .
i realize waiters/waitresses are often slammed - i 've been in their shoes , so i try to cut them some slack .
but this time , my waitress was only 15 feet from me and was flirting up a storm with a couple oafs at the bar .
serious , i was making evil-eye contact with her trying my best to emit my esp rendering of `` bring my ephin beer `` .
eye contact was continuously made with little regard for my parched state .
seriously , get me drinking and i am much more likely to forgive your crappy service !
so , my beer arrives - and i swear to god the pint glass looked as if one of the oafs had taken a few fat gulps before it meandered its way to my table .
come on - several dollars for a pint , i want a pint dammit !
the glass is 5/8ths full will not cut it !
i 'm not the type to complain at restaurants - again , i 've been there , so i try to cut them slack , so i just took a deep breath and let it go .
( while drafting my ` yelp the crap outta you ! '
rant in my head ) i ordered the gyro dinner and my sweetie had the falafel platter .
i love gyros .
we were given the option of soup or salad - i asked what the soup was .
it was lentil , so i eagerly said soup !
my answer was greeted with a vacuous stare from our waitress .
i repeated soup ... to which i got a bill and ted 's style `` ooooooooh `` .
wtf .
a few minutes later , she comes back and says `` salad will be okay , right ? ``
.
i love being told what will be okay - serenity now !
the salad arrives , and it 's a medley of minced lettuce , tomatoes , and other stuff .
i hate tomatoes .
if i can pick them out , its ok , but there were hundreds of little cubes in there .
gross - sorry .
i wanted lentil soup after all ... later when the waitress picked up my untouched salad i noted her lack of observation or care that i did n't touch it .
at least pretend ?
so , our food finally comes , and i dig in .
meh .
the gyros are pretty plain frankly , not bad but plain .
there were some pita wedges and like seriously a teaspoon of humus .
a teaspoon ! ? ! ? !
i like a teaspoon per bite !
i 'm done with dooby 's at this point - and then out of nowhere comes `` la la la la la `` clank !
clank !
clank !
a belly dancer comes running out clanging those shrill finger cymbals and the music begins to blast .
ugh .
there goes the pleasant conversation !
it was at least a warm atmosphere before - but now its loud and there is a large woman shaking and shrieking about the place .
soon the belly dancer makes her way to our table and starts wobbling her gut within inches of our plates .
we try not to pay attention to her , just trying to eat here .
she moves on , but within minutes , she 's back and tells us `` come on guys !
get up and dance ! ``
seriously , i 'm eating ; i 'm not thrilled about being accosted by a freaking belly dancer in mesa arizona .
this is n't peter piper pizza dooby , and it did n't seem the other patrons were really digging it either .
my bill was $ 35 bucks - i 'm not a cheap ass but seriously that 's insane for what i got - remember , a teaspoon of humus .
$ 10 and it might have been a good value .
so , bottom line - i had terrible service , a sub-pint of beer , marginal gyros and a jello-belly gypsy all up in my face at dooby 's .
not impressed , and not going to be returning .

-1
december 5th - we came here for dinner and were very disappointed .
first was service lacked severely - eaiting took forever to come and get our food orders : ( was n't that busy ... mil meal was not placed with our meals , waiter forgot : ( ( when meal did come , mil had mac and cheese with shrimp , 2 times returned still not hot .
hubby and fil had chili dogs .
both had chili on the side which was very dry and looked very lumpy .
the buns were hard not fresh looking at all .
watched manager/owner and other workers drink at the bar - big no-no ! !
filed conplaint and only comped the mac and cheese ... needless to say we wint be bavk for a long time ...

-1
this `` pet hospital `` is a scam and a total waste of money .
their vets seem like they barely passed vet school .
we took our wonderful dog , duke , into them when he developed a lump on his side .
after taking x-rays , blood tests , etc . , the vet told us that the lump was `` a medical mystery `` .
prior to this , we had signed up for their pet wellness plan .
in short , we took our dog to a reliable , trustworthy vet ( dr. ryan at blue cross vet clinic ) and it turned out he had bone cancer : - ( .
he ended up passing away this summer , yet my husband and i are still being forced to pay for our banfield pet wellness plan each month , even though our dog is dead .
thanks , banfield .

-1
my husband and i went to this place a few months ago with high hopes of finally finding a good pr place to eat in the valley .
my husband , who was born and raised in pr was so disappointed with the food at this restaurant he left angry .
the owner was there and he was a nice enough guy , very hospitable , but it was evident from the dishes we ordered that the chef was not puerto rican .
my husband said , this tastes like bad nuyorican food .
a puerto rican friend of ours who recently moved here from the island also tried this place and had the exact same experience .
k-rico used to serve the best local puerto rican food - but sadly , they seem to be out of business .
i heard a rumor that there is a new puerto rican place that opened called `` el jibarito `` but i 've yet to find out where it is .

-1
so i decided to venture out around my neighborhood and found this place .
here is my review : upon entry i knew this would be an odd experience .
it looked more like a smoothie place versus a thai food restaurant .
other than not having proper thai spices ( think fish oil , chilies , etc . . )
the pad thai was sub-par at best !
my boy got the sweet and sour chicken and was not to happy with the familiar taste of mediocre food !
this was a huge disappointment .
the thai ice coffee was n't too good either .
and to think about it , the thai iced tea kinda sucked as well .
over all this was a fake thai food joint .
i will never return to this establishment .

-1
we were very excited about the opening of this restaurant .
unfortunately , we thought the food and service was worth only one star .
the restaurant was not super busy but steady when we arrived .
the hostess was nice and immediately walked us to our table .
the staff was rude and very short .
our server never checked on us to see if we needed anything .
if we were lucky enough to be able to flag someone down to ask for refills ; we never saw them again .
we watched several people at different tables get up and leave because the service was so bad .
these folks just threw cash on table for there drinks and left .
as for the food , it was cold and did not look appetizing .
for the same money , we would rather go to houston 's ... you always get great food and service .
we do not understand how this place received the amazing reviews .

-1
i too got the heavy handed sales pitch for services that were n't needed , so blatant that i 'd say that it bordered on fraud .
if i had n't read my owner 's manual - i might have fallen for their tactics .
but that 's not the worst part - they did n't tighten something and i left a trail of oil everywhere i went .
now my undercarriage & garage floor need to be cleaned .
all of this for more than the dealer would charge !

-1
i had a windshield replaced from 1st premier auto glass .
they said they would replace my tint strip free of charge through masters of tint .
i have tried contacting masters of tint several times by phone and e-mail and no one returns my calls .
i contacted 1st premier auto glass again and was told by the owner he would contact master of tint and have them contact me .
still no call , it has been a couple of months .
i am extremely disappointed in the lack of customer service here and would not recommend this place to anyone .

-1
decided to try to use our living social voucher tonight ... and it is closed !
seriously ? ? ?
i called and everything ... frustrating !

-1
i 've been here before but this last time i went sucked .
why you may ask ? it was the waiter being rude , ignoring me , & food was cold .
plus he kept looking at me every time he passed by our table .
not checking me out or flirting but ugly looks .
he 's lucky i did n't have a little walk with him outside the ihop for disrespecting me .
lucky for him i was with my sister .

-1
i came to the restaurant specifically because of a recommendation .
i am now on a gluten-free diet and have other allergies so , suffice it to say , i do n't get to eat italian often .
however i was told that they have gluten-free pasta and other choices .
i was initially impressed by the sheet that breaks down their meals by allergen so that one knows what is safe .
kudos on that .
this is more than most places provide .
however , they have basil pesto sauce listed as not being gluten-free nor soy free .
finding that odd , i asked the waiter to confirm with the chef , and i was told there was no wheat product at all in the pesto , which seems correct .
( i did not ask about the soy , but i would wager that sneaks in somehow thanks to the cheese . )
so i ordered the create your own pasta of gluten-free penne with pesto sauce , shrimp , peppers , spinach , and mushrooms .
when my bowl of pasta arrived , it had all of the above .
however , it also had onions , zucchini , and eggplant , yet i had to dig to find a shrimp .
i originally assumed i had somebody else 's order .
the waiter , who was wonderful and attentive , took the bowl away and offered to replace it as i ordered .
i would have eaten the original bowl , and told him so , but i was more concerned , as i said , that it was someone else 's .
as a side note , if these flourishes of extra vegetables are an example of a cook 's flair , i would say that if a customer orders a straight menu item , that might be acceptable .
but when i fill out a cute little checkbox form with what i want on my create your own pasta bowl , i * only * want the items i checked off .
a fresh bowl arrived later exactly as ordered .
except the pasta was undercooked .
i do n't mean really firm al-dente .
i mean some were still way under done .
now , i know that gluten-free pasta takes longer to cook , and they probably rushed the bowl to get it to me .
but that bowl was almost inedible .
the waiter did offer to get me a third bowl .
i declined and soldiered through it .
we were having dinner out for my wife 's birthday and i did not want to belabor the meal .
the waiter then offered us dessert to make up for the problems .
though i did agree to this , and i 'm not demanding or even asking for a full dinner cost to be covered , it seems inadequate for management to offer me a three dollar dessert to make up for a twice-failed $ 14 dinner .
i do not intend to go back .

-1
rude ! !
lady who ( did not help us at all ) came to me totally rude and she asked me loud enough for everyone to hear do you know that the phone you ordered is 5 years old ?
i wanted to smack her and say no shit !
its for a kid you think i want to spend 200 for the new iphone ?
then assumed i was n't able to afford a 50 dollar case to protect my `` investment `` ... walked away and informed a young girl to help me which she did n't walked right behind her ... the man that was there did n't help either .
.
worst service ever ! ! ! !

-1
we have been longing for a local breakfast place for some time and were really excited when this place opened .
it has a great location , and the decor is fun .
unfortunately , that is where the fun stopped .
the chairs are hideously uncofomfortable , but they do look good .
the tables must have come pre-wobbled since this just opened and the number of sweet and low packets under the table legs easily outnumber the customers .
they do n't have white bread ( i ordered it , but sourdough showed up ) , or normal pancakes ( only whole wheat .
.
at least that is what my wife got when she ordered the traditional breakfast with pancakes ) .
the beakfast potatoes were tri-colored , normal ( white or russet ) .
red ( sweet ) and purple ( super yuk ) .
just did not work together .
the poached egss showed up in a bowl ... with the water .
`` that is the way they are cooked `` , we were informed .
yes .
poached eggs are certainly cooked in water ... the water is just usually removed before the eggs are served .
all in all , for breakfast , not worth the trip ... and that really pains me to say , since the area needs non chain breakfast options .
.
the lunch reviews seem to be good , so maybe we will give that a shot

-1
i really hate to give a place a bad review , but spanish fly earned a bad one today .
drinks were served in a dirty plastic glass .
water spots all over the glass .
while we were sitting at the bar , the barmaid knocked over a large quantity of red straws ( twice ) and then picked them up off the floor to use them .
we were there for happy hour .
when my bill arrived we were charged $ 9.00 for each glass of wine .
when i asked the barmaid about the charge , she informed me that wine is not part of their happy hour .
i have never been to any place offering a happy hour were wine was excluded .
strong chance that i will never be back .
michael

-1
i would not even normally write a review for a place like this ; you get what you expect normally when going to a chain like this .
i went their recently however and pretty much everything was bad .
the food was so heavy and greasy , the service was terrible , and the waitress was really rude .
on their menu , they have a `` filet focaccia sandwich `` which is labeled with an asterisk indicating that it is cooked to order with the standard `` undercooked meat could kill you `` warning .
i tried to order it medium , and the lady looked at me like i was an idiot , and told me that `` it comes how it comes , you do n't get to choose `` .
i do n't know if the menu is just wrong or what ( i ended up opting for a different dish ) , but her response was ridiculous .
even if you like outback , i would certainly not recommend this location ...

-1
overrated .
i know it was reviewed on food network channel as top 10 something or another in the nation .
did their quality go down since they know that people will seek it out irregardless of the review ?
location - in down town phoenix - but in a crappy part that does n't look safe at night .
dirt lot in back is not an option to park because of city ordinances or safety issues .
wait time - for those reviewers who waited over 1hour in the hot desert sun - i do n't know what to say .
there is little to no shade , it 's hot , you lean on wooden fences ... it 's a strange system where you sign your name to be called .
however , if you sign in , and say you want to go do something else instead of wait an hour in the hot sun , they will cross you off the list if you are n't there for roll call .
some people behind us , just waited a bit then walked in and sat at the bar ( where they were seating other people ) .
and they say they do n't play favorites ?
please ... if you ca n't stand to wait , you can order take out and get your food before all the other people waiting .
do they let anyone know ?
no .
do they care that people waiting over 1 hour have to wait another hour for food so to-go people can get their food ?
no ... food - maybe the food tastes better because your out in the hot sun , dehydrating , standing , waiting ... because the food did n't look like anything special and did n't taste special either .
just run of the mill breakfast food .
does it take 45min to make waffles and toast ?
we told them we had a flight to catch , and our food took a crazy amount of time to make .
no wonder the wait is so long outside !
2oz of oj was $ 2.50 ambiance - it 's a 3 room ( 1 kitchen , one bar set up , 1 room with 4 tables and seating on bar-like thing looking outside .
think they can seat ~ 20 people inside ?
poor decor , crappy furniture ... they must make a ton of money because none of it is going into the location/upkeep/decor .
do n't even think about coming here with more than 6 people ... where will you put them ?
wait til the restaurant clears so you have a room to yourself ?
ha ... once again , over-rated .

-1
lowes blows .
really though ... i have never been in a hardware store with employees who were way more interested in standing around talking to each other rather than helping customers .
when we finally got someone 's attention they acted annoyed and were so unhelpful .
will not be coming in this store again .

-1
worst service ever !
i just got out from there ans i was not given my food after like 20 minutes .
i had order a salad ... how can someone take so long to make a salad ?
plus y was given my ticket and took other 15 minutes just to ring me ... shift manager was never checking on guest .
there was people before that were waiting for their food ... i felt bad eating my food ... they were way too busy closing the register ... when they should of be taking care of guest ... i 'm never going there ever again ...

-1
i purchased a living social voucher for valentine 's day .
you have to order the chocolates online and then drive to a farmer 's market on one of two days to pick these up .
i ordered 2 boxes of chocolates for $ 50 and had $ 10 left that i did n't spend online as nothing would equal that amount .
when i drove to pick up the chocolates there were 2 young girls running the booth .
i told them my name and they gave me the chocolates .
they did n't ask for my voucher so i offered it to them .
they had a few dollar items on the table , so i asked if i could use the rest of the money on the voucher and the girls had no idea .
they called the owner a few times and finally got in touch with her and then explained to me that i could not use the voucher .
i had to use it all at the same time .
they said it was in the `` fine print `` .
and to top it off , the chocolates were not very good .
they look nice , but i could not tell which flavor i was eating .
the flavor did not come out well in the chocolates .
i was not impressed for the price .
i 'll take julia baker 's anyday : )

-1
dinner with my family started out enjoyable enough .
the food was rather mediocre , though i was n't expecting much being far from any sources of fresh fish , or japanese cooks .
i also decided to steer clear of the blue wasabi that looks like it 's been dipped in anti-freeze .
it was obvious their focus was not on food , but on drinks and creating a fun atmosphere .
their decor is hip and contemporary , with a color changing wall above the bar , and abundant flashing lights and tv screens .
they try to continue the theme by naming their signature sushi rolls with silly names like `` eating nemo `` or `` kiss my bass `` , though a few like `` me soy horny roll `` or `` dirty sanchez `` hardly make you think of sushi .
despite the second rate food and the epilepsy inducing environment , hanging out with your 4 yr old nephew is always a good time ... or so i thought .
close to the resolution of dinner , i took a break to smoke a joint behind the restaurant .
i 'm from cali , so ... i was being a bit nonchalant and careless about it all , not realizing the laws here are a bit different .
i was just chatting on the phone with my girlfriend while trying to mind my own business .
a girl from blue wasabi who was also hanging out in back of the restaurant smelled it , and asked me to `` please move on `` ... i replied `` sorry !
i did n't realize i was disturbing anyone , thanks for telling me nicely . ``
and i put it out and returned to my table .
10 minutes later the cops are hauling me out in front of my parents and little nephew .
5 minutes later i 'm in cuffs and they 're charging me with a class 6 felony .
wow ... i couldnt believe it .
this girl , even described me as `` nice `` to the cops , yet she called the cops on me as i peacefully patronize her restaurant with my family !
does she have no heart ?
what a cruel and unnecessary thing to do !
things like this make me lose faith in humanity .
why would someone wish such terrible treatment upon a fellow human for no good reason ?
it makes me deeply sad .
i ca n't in good faith recommend a restaurant where they treat their customers like criminals , literally .

-1
worst dave and busters ever !
the food was ok .
the service was horrible .
our waitress accused one of my friends of underage drinking .
she brought her manager over to our table and carded my friend who is 22 .
he then started asking questions and walk away with his id .
he came back a few mins later and gave my friend his card back .
for the rest of the night the manager continued to overlook our table and kept passing by scrutinizing every move we made .

-1
i have purchased many things from cartier in the past , from when they used to be located at the biltmore through their move to fashion square .
i had ordered 2 rings to try on and was called while on a ski trip and told they were in the store .
sweet !
so driving back from the ski trip with my 3 kids i was too excited to wait and stopped by .
now , we were still in our snow gear , having piled in the car from the sledding hill that morning , so definitely a bit gritty but we are previous cartier customers and i did have on my cartier avaitors and cartier love necklace so it 's not like i 'm just there to waste time ( and test my kids ' patience ) .
i was totally ready to make the purchase .
the manager ( ? )
was super rude when i walked in and asked if i could see the rings that had arrived .
she instructed me to sit down with the kids ( ages 2 , 4 , 6 ) who i gave paper and pens to so they could occupy themselves while we waited .
now , my kids are not always well-behaved but this particular time they were being really good !
my son decided he wanted to count the mints in the bowl ( these are pre-wrapped mints , mind you ) .
while i was trying on the rings that another saleswoman was showing me and just about to decide on which i was going to buy , the manager ( ? )
swooped in and took the mints from my son !
he was just counting them !
he was n't throwing them around , he was just occupying himself !
this is after a couple of rude comments which just was the last straw .
i was so taken aback that i took the ring off and left .
i ca n't support a business that would be so rude to my child !
i 'm really bummed because i really wanted that ring but i had to walk away .
from now on , i 'll order elsewhere or just get one next time i 'm in vegas or la . .
too bad , they were so convenient here .

-1
i have a love-hate relationship with the mesa community restaurant .
i love the decor and the owner , spiro .
but i just hate the food .
it 's a free-standing building just off country club , with parking on the street or beside/behind the building .
parking is never an issue .
inside , you 'll find every color imaginable , with a heavy dose of teal .
the plexi windows that enclosed the old smoking room have painted on christmas decorations even in july , and there is an assortment of random photographs and prints on the walls .
the food is denny 's or worse .
pastas are watery , burgers are uninspired , and hashbrowns are underdone .
it 's never that busy here , not that i 'm surprised .
the wait staff here is not great .
i like to sit at the counter and watch people , and i 've actually seen a waitress grab a handful of ice from the ice chest and drop it into a glass for a customer ( right under the use the scoop or get fired sign ! )
.
but spiro 's a gem .
if you decide to stop in , be sure to spend a few minutes chatting with him .
just do n't get your hopes up with the food .

-1
you guys have to be crazy ! ! !
the point system is ridiculous .
25 points for the lowest level bed , $ 16 for 25 points , was told the cheapest possible solution for me to get 7 visits on the cheapest bed would be $ 90 ! ? ! ?
are you serious ? ?
why would you make the lowest level bed 25 points ?
this is marketing gone wrong .
i called a competitor down the street , $ 25 for two weeks unlimited .
rachel h. things sure have changed since your 5 star review .

-1
ok ... first off i have to say i do n't usually judge a place off the reviews and like to give it a shot .
well this was a bad idea ... especially on an anniversary dinner celebration .
please be advised that the bad reviews are indeed true .
we have eaten the food through their catering and it is delicious , so this makes me think all the energy is expelled here alone ?
like the other reviews had said this is a creepy outdated awkward place that does n't have any background music playing at all .
so yes the tables are very close together with no music so imagine how uncomfortable that will be .
we immediately ordered martinis to try and ease the mood .
my dirty martini was garnished with tiny olives on a sandwich pick for an upscale price .
the server also spilled most of my wife 's martini during her trip to the table saying how it was `` overfilled . ``
we received a basket of bread that was burnt and unappealing which ended our idea of a maybe hopeful outcome .
we were both confused because the dinner menu was nothing like we had eaten through catering .
the server informed us that we had probably meant to dine at the `` bistro , `` and was happy to transfer us over next door .
feeling questionable that it would be any better we paid our tab and agreed to go take a table they were holding for us .
we then walked over to the bistro side of the restaurant only to be disappointed once again .
packed in like a meat house and sat there for 15 minutes without being asked if we 'd like a drink we decided to walk out .
they have again an awkward system of seat yourself and apparently serve yourself as well ?
we were so confused by all the groups of people lining outside to get in this place .
we were more than willing to give up our table to the next unfortunate guest .
the parking lot is also a joke like a previous person had reviewed .
it is only valet and gets backed up by the cars coming in and the one attendant trying to run the place .
some lady thought i was a valet driver and proceeded to yell at me because i was standing around not helping her .
we are in our late 20 's and knew we were in `` snotsdale `` all the way .

-1
we turned into the parking lot a little sooner than we should have and as such we drove by a taco bell .
as we did so i commented that if all else fails we could go to taco bell .
as we drove through the lot we finally saw the place , parked and entered .
we were immediately seated and soon the chips and salsa arrived .
in short yuck ! !
chips were stale and the salsa was n't appreciably better .
ordered a diet coke and tea .
in short yuck ! !
tea went back in favor of another diet coke .
next we ordered ... 2 tortas ... ranchera de pollo o res ( with steak ) and a carne asada .
as i figured out later i got the wrong sandwich ( mine should have had chips but did n't ) but at the end both sandwiches were the same albeit what should have been mine had cucumbers , radishes , etc vice chips .
so a couple of observations ... every other carne asada torta i 've ever had came with chopped meat vice strips ( quite wide strips ) .
moreover , it this is how they do it then other the sides , and as mentioned already , there was no friggin difference between the two sandwiches ... wtf ! ! ! ! ! !
as for the sandwiches themselves ... yuck ! ! !
there are far too many places to get a far superior torta in the valley .
in short , i should have gone to taco bell .

-1
not a good place or service , go to another school , that treats customers better .

-1
no flavor .
none .
i think they 're trying for the no oil and very healthy thing , but it should n't lack so much flavor .
i has to douse my dan dan noodles in sriracha .
the whole environment of the restaurant was very old and dirty .
i do n't plan on coming back to arizona , but i def would n't recommend this place .

-1
just had it out with the pharmacist , who i ca n't even believe passed pharmacy school .
we came about 9pm right after my surgery .
i am in a rental car so i am the only one who can drive it , so even though i had emergency surgery , i still had to drive .
anyway we went through the drive through .
we came close to 10 so the pharmacist who by the way looks chubacca , ( so you 'll know her when you see her ! )
had a bad attitude from the get .
anyway i was given 3 prescriptions which needed to be filled , this meaning work for her big lazy ass !
she slowly and rudely took my info , then told me it would be 30 minutes and waddled away .
at least that was pretty quick , so i said ok and preceded to return some texts and emails in the drive through while waiting , with no one behind me of course .
seeing me out the corner of her coke bottle glasses , she stormed back over , `` hey , hey , lady , you cant sit there , you need to move it now ! ``
she told me ( even more rudely ) `` move along now ! ``
and she shoo-ed me away with her spastic hand motions ... how rude !
so i finished what i was doing , maybe 3 seconds , hunted for the gear shifter in the rental , that took a another second or 2 , then , i can barely move my legs due to the surgery so pressing the gas took me a couple more , so i am sure i looked like a disobedient smart ass to pharmacist elnas aka chubacca , and clearly yes ... i am quite the smartass , but i was n't being i was just in intense pain !
hello people do n't usually end up in the pharmacy at their best right ?
which means they should have be pretty damn good by now at customer service when working there , no ! ? ?
anyway she then rudely told me how she was n't going to fill my prescription now .
`` hahha oh ok miss ( ssss ) , guess what ?
now i do n't feel comfortable filling this . ``
`` i do n't like you so that is my right . ``
she said .
your right ?
you do n't like me ?
not my attitude , not my pain or even my seemingly smart ass too slow for even your slow ass movement ... but you do n't like me , chubacca ?
`` i have done nothing wrong , what are you talking about , i am in pain ! ``
i exclaimed !
`` great so take a walk on in the store then and i 'll fill it in here . ``
she said .
i responded an , `` i ca n't walk lady , i just got out of emergency surgery ! ``
`` too bad here is a cvs down the street . ``
she said , and she waddled away .
that is when i flipped .
i laid on the horn until she returned , asked for her name and license .
told her she was going to lose her job , at some point after she told me she was n't going to fill it i started recording video of which i played a portion of for so could see herself and how she was acting .
miraculously she apologized .
`` please do n't complain . ``
she said , `` i 'll give you a gift card ! ``
she said .
`` i 'll fill your prescription . ``
`` sorry it 's just store policy . ``
hmmm that attitude you just watched your self give on tape , is that cvs store policy too ?
funny what people start to offer when they see what their boss and the arizona state board of pharmaceutical licensing will see .
not to mention the attitude , the customer service and the blatant disregard for human well being & discrimination for the half crippled blonde with a doctors recommendation for pills because she just rolled off the surgery table !
ahhhhhh .
whatever she rectified it .
i got a $ 25 gift card to go with my now higher blood pressure .
still , it that was my grandma she was treating like that ?
or yours .
or some other sore half crippled person in pain , or bad health or sickness .
i just would n't want to have not done my part .
i 'm still going to complain ... 1 .
to you , fellow yelpers !
2 .
to her boss 3 .
to corporate cvs 4 .
to the arizona state board of pharmacy so good luck pharmacist elnas chubacca , may your days in some other industry be plenty and bright !
and may your days of wanting to be fat and lazy because your shift is almost over , and when someone does n't get your happy little i went to pharmacy school and now i work at cvs power trip ... be few and far between .
stop being rude to people who do n't want to be there in the first place , when you are the one getting paid , well , to be there filling little bottles , when you probably do n't want to be either .
there are too many other people who need good jobs !
i will never go back to the chubacca cvs .
not even to use my $ 25 gift card .
i will take her advice and go to the one down the street .
and when i stop for gas ?
i hope she is the attendant behind the counter serving up slurpees , oh wait , with that attitude , she does n't even deserve that position .
go talke some customer service classes you rude mean person .
see , i can be mean too !
but i did n't call you chubacca once !
i was probably too nice to you which is why i needed to get all this out .
do n't send your prescriptions , your family or friends ... let alone your hard earned dollars to this store or pharmacy .
unless you are looking for bribes for dealing with chubacca , after all rude jerks need jobs too right ?
attitude is everything folks .
ah ha !
i feel much better , thanks yelp !

-1
went to the store in terminal a , service was not very good .
manager was talking loudly on cell phone while not doing anything .
they would n't fill my travel mug and had to waste an additional paper cup to keep my hand from getting hot while pouring the coffee into my cup .
not impressed , not what i expect from starbucks .

-1
my car was n't even turn on in my parking lot , i thought it might be dead battery .
after i googled on yelp i found this guy with a nice tittle ( save money towing ) i thought to myself this can be a good choice .
i called him and he said it cost 75 $ to tow my car , and i said ok .
he did n't show up at the time he gave me and it was like two hours later .
he was so on rush at the time i was talking to mechanic and he kept saying `` you killing me man `` every single minute , as if he is doing a favor to me and it 's all free .
he ask me for 5 $ more after i said i pay by debit card .
this is exactly what i experience with him .
i give him one star cuz i think he needs to be patient and respect the customer .
he is not running a hotel he should know that his customer is in rough situation and he should help customer instead of making more stress on him or her .

-1
i was wondering around the complex trying to find a place to eat , when i found jersey mike 's subs in the corner of the strip-mall area .
i was expecting a sub shop somewhat along the lines of one of their competitors in terms of price and taste .
unfortunately , neither price or taste compared to any of their competitors .
i waited 15 + minutes ( i 'll be a little lenient because it was lunch time ) , but the way the line grew , i was expecting something more since it seemed like a popular place to be .
there were at least 20 customers in line and only 3 - 4 people working , at most ... the guy who assembled the sandwiches needed a helper because it took him for-ev-er to get all the junk on the sandwich .
but , i only gripe because i am very impatient .
especially during my lunch hour at work .
the price was ridiculous ... $ 10 for a regular sub , chips and small drink .
i ordered the club `` mike 's way `` and took it back to work to eat .
i got to work to try and eat the sub , which was a 5 minute drive away , and part of the sub was soggy from all the vinegar/oil that was on there .
the other part of the bread was a little tough .
the flavor ?
what flavor ?
it had bacon on it for god 's sakes !
it should have tasted like something ... nada ... i mainly tasted the mound of vinegar that was on the thing .
needless to say , i did n't feel this place will be worth a second visit .

-1
i have had better service at a fast food restaurants !
my family waited over 30 min before we were asked what we wanted to drink , drinks took 20 min to get .
meanwhile there was several other tables being served by the same waiters and getting there food orders .
on top of that we heard the manager giving other tables free appetizers saying they were on him because of the people having to wait .
manager never once stopped at are table .
we should have just walked out .
lesson learn .
applebee 's has some of the worse service !
this is the third one we have been to and never again will we eat at one .

-1
i am not really sure what to say here .
while the decor is very interesting with a very nice coca-cola theme ... the food is a complete disaster .
honestly it was the worst food i have ever had in all of arizona .
they put processed american cheese on a philly cheesesteak .
they charged nine dollars for a petite hamburger that was overcooked and with low quality ingredients .
you have a lot better choices in fountain hills .
i would not recommend eating here at all .

-1
i seriously do n't know how this place rates a three star average .
just like many other reviewers , i really wanted to like this place .
the concept is great !
but that 's it , it 's just a concept .
the food is as sterile as the environment .
the only thing that distinguishes one dish from the other is the texture ... each item has the same bland taste .
and as i am somewhat of a foodie , the thing that is most amazing is that i know you have to work to make food this blah .
the ingredients seem fresh , they seem to have herbies and such to make them look good , but everything tastes like they boiled it until all the flavor was released , removed the food and tossed the good flavored broth .
i suppose if one of your favorite food combinations is mayonaise on white bread you might be impressed , but imho save your money and take yourself anywhere else .
: )

-1
good first time .
then it became less and less fresh .
noodles and most dishes are bland .
and even the damn restroom sign is spelled `` resteroom ``

-1
i 've used david kotler at singer tax and accounting for what would have been my 4th year .
never had any problems until this year .
looking back over the 3 years , i do n't feel i 've received the necessary advice from him .
he is very basic , and is simply a numbers pusher .
it was n't until i was growing dissatisfied with his services that i really saw the true service come through .
i asked david to meet with a financial planner of mine , because in the 3 years of seeing david , had never received any specific advice to open retirement accounts .
during this meeting with the financial , i got zero accomplished , but instead ended up listing to a `` pissing match `` between on the 2 on which certification test is harder ... very unprofessional and embarrassing .
finally having telling david i would be using a different accountant this year , i immediately was sent a bill , which is clearly overcharging for the limited services he provided at the end of the year , especially with no advice given .
$ 475 for filling a w-2 and end of year payroll ? !
absurd .
i called david to discuss the bill , and result of the conversation was him saying `` pay it or i 'll see you in court `` and him hanging up .
obviously customer service is of no true desire of his .
i tried calling back to have a professional conversation with him , but only go the same result , him yelling and hanging up .
extremely childish and unprofessional .
his complete refusal to even remotely work with an unhappy client is extremely disappointing .

-1
food not good , water was taken from the toilet i think , and service was only so so .
just another fancy name , with fancy atmosphere , but they forgot to serve food that is edible .
and though you can order a variety of drinks , sometimes washing food down with a glass of water is nice .
any restaurant that ca n't invest in a simple ro system for drinking water or to make their drinks with , should n't be charging $ 12 for an appetizer .
small price to pay for a comfort that goes a long way .

-1
i have been been here 3 or 4 times previously .
staff is always nice , waiting area and exam rooms are always clean .
however , wait times are always about twice what i am told upon arrival .
today , i was sent home from work because i felt and sounded terrible .
i stopped off at this urgent care at about 8:10 am .
as usual , the wait was endless .
a few people got up and left .
then , bam !
a gentleman who had also been waiting to see a doctor comes out of the back and announces there is no doctor there .
several of us still waiting went up to the receptionist and got it out of him that the doctor was on her way from tempe .
this is after i had waited an hour and a half .
i was told it would be about another 45 mins until she arrived .
needless to say , most of the rest of us waiting formed an angry mob and stormed out of there .
i will never go back there and will make sure my friends and family know that this place was not honest with me when i went in seeking care .

-1
it 's too bad this place has changed ownership .
we stopped in the other day for their advertised pizza slice special ( i think it was two slices and a soda for $ 3.99 ) .
my husband walked up to the kid at the register and said , `` two slices of cheese , please . ``
... silence ... ... blank stare ... the kid grinned uncomfortably and said , `` cheese ?
two slices ?
umm ... `` i realized what was happening and interrupted : `` two slices of cheese pizza , please . ``
the kid finally understood .
he thought my husband wanted two slices of cheese .
literally .
so finally the woman ( owner ? )
came up and asked pretty abruptly what we wanted .
we told her , and she said she does n't keep slices ready , she has to make a whole pizza and then cut slices .
she clearly thought we were retarded .
we left .
so , besides the obvious customer service and advertising failures , my third criticism is that they need to decide on an identity and stick with it .
are you a gyro place or a pizza place ?
that , in my opinion , was the downfall of the previous owner .
he should have stuck with gyros and other greek items , because he did them well .
the place is too small to try to please everybody .

-1
aside for the enthusiasm that the owner has for the store that place was complete crap .
i ordered spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread and salad .
the salad was bag greens and 3 cherry tomatoes with a little tiny packet of ranch .
the spaghetti was overcooked in a half inch of water , the sauce had no flavor once so ever , and it came with one , smaller than a cue ball , meatball , almost flavorless meatball .
more like a mush ball the garlic bread was awesome i also purchased a small jar of pesto recommended by the owner .
i opened it just to put on my pasta because it had no flavor .
i do n't even think i 'm going to eat the pesto as it was n't that good either .
there was what appears to be a homeless man rubbing through the trash looking for food .
he was more than happy to eat my leftovers that i was unhappy with .
perhaps next time i should get a sub .
the pesto was tossed out after the weekend ... 99 percent full .

-1
the worst service i have ever had !

-1
food and service are a joke !
goto wal-mart and get it in freezer section !

-1
smelled like pee , had tweekers standing outside looking like they could n't wait to break into your car the minute you walked inside & no one noticed us or seated us so we left .
wo n't go back there ever again .

-1
my first and last visit .
walk in and it is loud , very small and very loud .
someone recommended this place to my wife and since i love cheese steaks i though i would give it a try .
order a regular cheesesteak , cheese fries , soda for both of us .
the steak was tasted like minute steak , the cheese i could not taste .
the ff were covered with too much cheese .
and did i say it was too loud to even hold a conversation unless you wanted to talk louder than the guy yapping a foot away from you .
so after watching here is what i recommend if you do go .
get the cheez whiz on your steak and do not get cheese on the ff .
but if you want a really good cheesesteak go to philly 's famous in chandler .
oh yea just because you call it gourmet , does not make it gourmet .
gourmet describes a class of restaurant , cuisine , meal or ingredient of high quality , of special presentation , or high sophistication .
none of that is happening here .

-1
all i can say is that the queen creek olive mill is a big fail !
we live in the far east valley , so we had heard about the mill for quite some time .
since there is n't much to do in these parts , we decided to check it out .
thank god we do n't live far because this place is not worth the hype .
we ordered the bruchetta board thinking we 'd get some decent slices of bread with great toppings on them .
sadly , we got 3 pieces of minature toast for 9.00 .
there was n't even enough food to feed a child on this plate .
for a beer , small plate of toast , one bottle of olive oil and one bottle of bbq sauce , our bill was 41.00 - rip off !
i think this placed is way over priced for what you get and not worth the drive out to bfe .
save your money and go to a movie instead !

-1
stopped by for a margarita , salsa and guac .
margarita : had the pineapple chilli marg .
it was ok but expensive .
chips & salsa : mediocre at best .
kinda bland for us .
guac : blah blah blah this place is really sleepy , and we were here on a saturday afternoon .
we were really disappointed .
it was really expensive and everything lacked flavor .
we had to add salt and pepper to everything but it was still blah .
we did n't have any food because we were so disappointed with everything else .
the resort was beautiful so it was nice to check out .
we went to the mission for lunch and there is no comparison .
the mission is soo good .

-1
sure if you have a crazy craving for a weird pie marie callenders would be a great place to go , but other than i would n't recommend it .
the food here is n't great , and i would even consider it overpriced for what you get taste wise .
also the real reason i wanted to review this place is the service here is just awful .
i have only been there about twice in the past two years , but both times the service was just really bad .
i mean these servers were weird and did not know what they were doing .
please marie callenders start screening your employees !

-1
martie is horrible and mean stay away really bad customer service and just flat out mean .
especially martie , the owner

-1
wow , i 've been to a lot of subways before , but this is the worst one yet .
so , i order one of their featured sandwiches ( the turkey , avocado , and spinach sandwich ) .
i tell the sandwich `` artist `` exactly what i want .
he puts the turkey and cheese down and when it comes time for the veggies , fails to mention that he is out of spinach .
i think that was an important overlooked detail that should 've been mentioned at the beginning .
.
but okay .
while he finishes making my sandwich , the manager , starts ringing up the order .
the artist forgets that it 's a turkey , avocado , and spinach sandwich and has to add the avocado after i kindly remind him .
after ringing up and paying for the order , the manager fails to add the avocado to the total and asks for additional money .
i ask `` why `` , the then start begins a very rude tone .
as we walked out of the place , i hear `` ... some of these people `` .
.
i took a deep breathe and kept walking out .
never going back here again .
oh , and not mention that their credit card machine was out order and the lettuce was yellow .
just an absolute horrific experience .

-1
it seems like a pattern is forming with the reviews for this aweful company chubb .
you would think when getting so many bad reviews they would start to change there business plan .
like another review if i could give them a negative star rating i would .
these people are so greedy and incompetent it blow my mind how anyone would use them .
after being cut off by their client on my motorcycle going over my bike crashing .
she admitted to being at fault .
always contact the police ! ! ! ! !
well i did n't trying to be nice to the girl who illegally turned left in front of me .
thank go i was not killed , at least then she would have got a ticket and my bike would be fixed .
she emailed me her claim etc . and i was to contact sherry gill at chubb in arizona .
not only did i leave her 3 messages in 3 days i never heard back from her until i called and spoke to another person at the company .
and still the only response i got from this lady was an email .
no one at that place could ever give me a straight answer and when it came to the liability of the accident i was at fault because i was unfamiliar with the motorcycle `` and did n't know the bike was a light as it was `` so slamming on my brakes to avoid slamming into the car that cut me off , because i did n't want to die !
im at fault .
all this is is a greedy company taking advantage of people .
its a sad sad company .

-1
i find these 5 star reviews to be incredibly suspicious .
we just got back from returning our *** 70 dollar take-out order *** ( which consisted of 2 gnocchi , 1 bolognese , and 1 linguini and clam sauce , by the way ) to a very rude and egotistical owner .
we called beforehand to merely voice our concerns about this incredibly expensive , yet mediocre meal .
the owner answered the phone and was not only unconcerned , but was very argumentative , saying that he `` only gets a complaint once every 2 months `` and that he has a `` packed house . ``
he made us feel like our opinions did n't matter in the least bit .
he begrudgingly told us to bring our food back for a refund , so we did just that .
when we arrived , he met us outside and argued with us a bit more , emphasizing that his 20 seat restaurant was full .
when we tried to explain our concerns with the food , he said `` whatever `` and left , shortly returning with our refund .
food : - clam and fettuccine-far too salty - tomato sauce - tastes like canned - gnocchi-mushy , no texture - bolognese-no flavor bottom line : - rude , arrogant owner - bland , over-priced food - never returning ! !
i really did n't want to have to write this review , since i live in the neighborhood and want this place to be good .
before it appeared on food network , although expensive , this place was quite good .
i just do n't want anyone else to waste their time and money when there are so many other good italian restaurants to eat in phoenix .
( e.g . aiello 's )

-1
i came here for a weekend brunch .
at first i was sort of confused by the deco , then my friend explained that the building formerly belonged to pf chang .
inside it looked no less than a highschool cafeteria .
i totally agree with amber w 's comment that this place really has no personality .
the food was mediocre .
i did n't order anything fancy , just strawberry belgian waffle and a side of sausages .
the waffle came out bland ( apparently they forgot to add strawberries ) , kinda cold .
the sausages were good size but over cooked , thus pretty tough .
the service was bad .
our bread finally got to our table exactly 2 minutes before the food arrived .
maybe it was just a very busy weekend .
maybe i should have ordered something else .
all in all , i do n't think any item in the menu particularly stood out to make me want to come back .

-1
i see other diners had similar experiences as we did .
i want to support local family owned businesses , but i would never go back to this place .
the family tried hard and kept asking if everything was ok .
what do you say ?
the food is all just really awful ?
and why do n't they know that ?
they should never even have been open yet .
they need to finish remodeling .
get rid of the broken fuji buffet sign as you walk in and the graffiti on the door .
the tables and buffet lines , decor , are all from two restaurants ago .
we were told to take any table we liked .
they all looked dirty .
normally in a buffet there are little signs on the sneeze shield that tell you what the dishes are .
there were post it notes .
in poor hand writing .
and they did n't always match the food .
the cesar salad was a pan with about 2 inches of creamy water and lettuce and soggy croutons floating in it .
i tried several different dishes , but the only thing that i even remotely liked was a stuffed tomato .
while my niece was up getting food , a man came out with a big can of chocolate pudding and `` glopped `` it in .
probably not the best choice .
a lot of overcooked , poorly seasoned food .
i see some people had hummus .
i looked in vain for hummus or pita bread .
but there were jalapeno poppers , egg rolls , chicken nuggets and onion rings .
we also witnessed the argument over the drinks and also had our drinks refilled from a glass .
i feel they were earnest but were incredibly wide of the mark .

-1
holy cow ! ! !
the barista had a big bloody cut on his hand and kept wiping it on his apron , then was handling the cups and making drinks ewwww ! !
when i asked him to stop and go wash his hands , his response was i promise i do n't have any diseases .
double eww ! !

-1
i 've avoided yelping this place for a reason ; that reason is that it sucks just as badly as their other location in the hilton village .
the food is horrible , the diners are mostly douches and although this location features less popped collars than the one in sdl i can not figure out for the life of me why certain people and bloggers can claim this as some of the best pizza in the valley .
sub-par food , service and experience in both locations .

-1
beware of a restaurant that wo n't put beer prices on their menu .
$ 8-9 bucks for a beer ?
they card everyone , even an old , hard of hearing guy who did n't have a drivers license ( or an ` approved ' id ) .
bah !

-1
did not care for the food at

-1
over the past seven years , we ( wife and i ) have dined here , about 6 times .
we had just left the theatre ... saw a wonderful sherlock holmes play .
**** arrived at alexi 's , at 4:45 pm , on saturday 22nd .
**** restaurant is empty , with the exception of three tables .
**** hostess , is insistent on seating us , in `` cubby holes `` or corners .
**** told her ... no .
**** we 'll dine elsewhere if necessary .
**** finally , we were offered a `` proper `` table .
as other diners , were arriving , she 's playing the same `` cubby hole `` game , with them .
tsk ... tsk ... where is the ownership ? ? ? ? ?
then again , it appeared , she was `` following orders `` !
now for the food on this visit , and all past visits , i always have the chicken marsala southwest .
my wife , on this and past visits , always has the chicken piccata .
***** both were over cooked .
***** both were bland .
***** both were not the entrees , we had come to expect at alexi 's .
bread and salad ***** the dinner rolls were tasteless ... thank goodness for the butter and salt on the table .
***** the house dressing on the salad was ick ( my wife ) ... and yuk ( me ) .
alexi 's , thank you ... for the past dinning experiences .
as for the future ... we will never return , on our `` dime `` .

-1
the food is average , nothing special but the service is worse .
i 'm not going back .
unfriendly wait staff .

-1
no longer in business at this location , completely empty , so sad : (

-1
i will first off state i will never be returning to any bevmo .
i decided to place an on-line order on the bevmo website to make things more convient .
after deciding what i wanted it gave me two options either pick it up in the store or have it delivered .
i chose to pick it up .
i was then prompted to enter my credit card information .
this was going to work perfectly as my girlfriend needed my debit card .
i drove down to the store after work to pick up my order .
when i arrived the first gentleman asked for my credit card first thing ( not even my id ) .
i let him know that i already paid on line and i showed him the printed confirmation page i had with me .
he said let me get the manager and walked off .
i was left standing there wondering why he even needed the manager as he did not explain to me .
the next gentleman came up who introduced himself as the manager .
he told me he needed the credit card .
i explained to him why i did not have it .
i asked why they had the ability to order on line and pay using a credit card if i needed to bring it in with me .
he told me so i did n't have to stand in line .
well this makes sense except with one huge flaw !
why not have the website setup to place the order and then require the payment to be made once you arrive at the store .
i work in the credit card processing industry and from a business standpoint there there should be no reason to charge the card on line if you require the card to be presented once they arrive .
you pay twice as much for a keyed transaction on line than if you were to swipe the card in person ( which makes the most sense since your required to bring it with anyways ) .
i was refunded the money but guess what now i can not use that money for 24-48 hours until it has been released back to my card which completely screwed me out of leaving and purchasing beer later .
this is a completely unacceptable way to operate an on line service that is put in place for convience when it does the complete opposite and does nothing to speed up the process .

-1
food : - ham/brie/tomato was just okay , i mean , it 's exactly how it sounds , good salad on the side - sweet potato fries were not made in house and were pretty much burnt - crawfish mac and cheese was bland , texture of the macaroni was too mushy , only positive ( depending on who you ask ) was that it was a huge ass portion service , omg so fail : - one waitress running the small restaurant , did n't seem to know the menu at all , had no idea what gluten free meant , unable to give any recommendations , brought my friend and i both the wrong things , wtf aside from the small diversity my friend and i brought to the restaurant , the place was strangely filled with all old white women .
did we eat at a retirement community instead ?
that 'd explain the ( lack of ) service and food quality .

-1
frankly , one star is even too generous for our visit recently to abuelos at arrowhead .
what used to be a fun and delicious place to eat has dwindled down to being just an absolute dump .
the restaurant was filthy .
someone had actually dropped one of their flossers on the floor in the lobby and the hostesses just walked by it over and over again .
there was trash in the faux planters and there were actually still christmas decorations in a couple of random spots in the faux plants surrounding the dining area .
there were dirty tables that just sat dirty all around the dining area .
sorry but that 's unacceptable .
the server was friendly ... sort-of .
he sold us on an appetizer and then did n't bother to put it in !
i think he was put out that our party of 3 decided to share the fajita trio rather than ordering 3 seperate dishes .
the fajita trio is huge and it easily feeds our family .
our drinks were never refilled ... our chip bowl sat empty so long it started to get cobwebs on it .
overall , this was a grossly disappointing visit to a restaurant that once was respectable , clean , and had pride .
there is clearly no pride left in this abuelos .
i think i 'll just stick to the dives here in el mirage ... at least they care about their customers and their reputations .

-1
this place smelled like a urinal !
the service was unwelcoming and unfriendly .
there are no longer $ 5 martini 's or $ 5 manicures on monday .
if it was n't the horrible over priced pineapple wine , or the unprofessional staff that pushed me out the door before getting a 3rd sip in , it was definitely the horrible stench !
the outside of the bathroom smelt worse then the inside of the bathroom .
wtf ?
they should allow smokers to puff inside to kill that smell !
do n't waste your time here .
it 's over priced cocktails with sad service .
i wish some one would have warned me .

-1
i just bought my first home a month ago and adt has called over and over asking if i want a system .
i started with the nice `` no , thank you `` and have moved up to the `` dont call me again `` response .
then last night at 8pm some guy shows up at my house to talk to me about buying a system ! ! !
i was n't even home , but my best friend was and he called me freaked out because someone is at my house when he knows nobody was scheduled !
what do we call that ?
harassment !
utterly ridiculous !
i 'll be calling corporate today and if anyone comes by my house again i will be calling the police and pressing charges !

-1
horrible service took well over an hour to get our food .
waitress was rude from the minute we sat down

-1
i was a loyal papa john 's customer for quite a while .
i would order pizza for delivery from this location on a regular basis .
good/decent pizza at a great price .
of course , i would never tout papa john 's as the best pizza in town or anything , but hey , it is/was cheap and pretty good .
not anymore .
the pizza got worse and worse as time went on .
it gradually declined from a great pizza at a great price to a `` what the cuss happened to this pizza `` ?
finally , after the last pizza i had delivered , which was undercooked and looked like someone literally threw skimpy toppings in clumps , i had enough .
so , i sent a complaint to customer service , which , they say , is world class customer service .
not sure which world that is , because after almost a month , i 've heard nothing from them .
papa john 's is a dead beat dad .
they obviously do n't care about the customer , nor the quality of the product .
who 's your daddy ?
it 's definitely not papa john 's .

-1
godaddy.com has a policy of setting all of the domain names that you acquire from them to auto renewal .
the result is that you will get periodically billed from time to time without your permission .
it has n't occurred to them that there are people who no longer need or want their services .
if you try to dispute any charge for a renewal , they can only refund it within 120 hours from the time of the charge ( so i 'm told by one of their customer service representatives ) .
this means that they will keep your money even if you want to cancel .
these people are criminals .

-1
our pizza was burnt and service was so slow .
we will not be returning .

-1
this place was horrid .
my husband and i got a deal to stay here back in april 2012 for our anniversary .
( it was also our 1st night ways since the birth of our daughter ) it was in a good area surrounded by nice resorts .
the pictures on their web site were misleading and not at all what the rooms or grounds were actually .
after arriving we found our room at the very back of the grounds which was a plus with the privacy .
the hammocks were nice and relaxing .
the room it 's self was large but stuffy and dusty .
there was dirt and cob webs on the walls .
it was definitely uncomfortable .
the beds even seemed dirty and thry were very uncomfortable .
we decided to go to the pool to get a couple drinks and enjoy the sun .
it was getting late so we were limited on time for sun .
i choose the only area where the sun was still shining while my husband stood at the bar waiting on a staff member to assist him .
after about 10min he gave up 5 min later a staff member appeared however did not serve us , or acknolwde we were there .
instead he began straitening pool chairs and then told us we would have to move our chairs to one of the shadier spots .
i was confused by this however the staff member made it clear it 's not his problem .
the staff was not hospitable .
i was appalled .
we left and got ready to go out to a nice bar in the area to get drinks and appetizers as they do not have an active bar/resturant on the grounds .
we also dropped our car off and tried to use their service that will take you to your destination however after waiting 45min wait we just called a cab .
( this was a weekday , not even a weekend ) the staff did n't apologize or give any explanation .
this was a disappointing night out ( we left early as it was not worth another night )

-1
thus pf changs goes the way of all restaurants .
always a fan of the restaurant , even with their exorbitant prices .
well , as long as the quality lasts .
alas , the quality has crashed down to the quality of your local chinese take-out .
the two beef dishes , mongolian beef and wok-charred beef , both contained an unnecessary amount of fatty beef , the unedible kind .
sorry , pf , if that 's what i can expect , i do n't have to pay your prices !

-1
i 've had subway many times before moving to arizona so i know they have good sandwiches .
however , i will never eat at this particular subway .
my husband ordered two turkey sandwiches to go and it was literally the worst sandwich i ever had in my life .
stale bread , and something definitely funky with the turkey , cheese , and lettuce .
like they used old ingredients .
i was sharing my sandwich with my 3 year old but after tasting it , i threw it in the garbage because i was afraid that we were going to get sick .
will not try anything from there again .

-1
the wait staff kept on telling us that the bread was on its way as it was in the oven after a 1/2 hour the bread comes out wrapped in a napking and it was ice cold stale rolls ( we laughed )

-1
$ 16-18 per plate for a tapas style 2 bite plate .
the food was average at best .
horrible service .
unnecessarily pretentious employees .
$ 12 drinks .
did i mention how bad the service was ?
pass

-1
i honestly do n't know why this place got 5 stars .
we drove all the way out there to try this 5 stars buffet and we were so disappointed .
did they change chefs or other reviewers had taste buds problem ?
( sorry , no offense here ) food is like fast food restaurant quality , maybe slightly better at most .
you might be able to find something okay to eat there but the bad things we noticed just really annoyed us .
they have a grill section and you can see this large container on the table holding all the raw chicken , raw salmon waiting to be cooked .
well , they need to cover up the container while the food were waiting to be cooked and kept under 41 degree f. grilled chicken on the stick , looked like they been sitting there all dry up before they were grilled , so they just looked raw outside but fully cooked inside , looked just like what i saw at the `` body worlds exhibit `` , ouch !
we also noticed there are quite a few flies flying around in the restaurant even they have those bug lights .
if you were gambling there and the casino gives you free meal at this place , i say sure why not , but otherwise , its just not worth it .
as a side note , we went to get the players cards and save $ 3 per person .
first timer also get $ 20 free credit to pay .
me and my wife won $ 11 of out of those $ 40 free credit which save us 50 % on this meal .

-1
i came here hankering for a real deli experience ( e.g . chompies / east coast style ) , but i was willing to settle for just a decent sandwich .
i ordered a turkey sandwich and got dry bird on a tasteless , tacky bun that induced grade school cafeteria flashbacks .
i consoled myself with the fact that i at least had a pickle to munch on .
but alas !
i bit into a revoltingly limp , fetid-smelling , gag-inducing gherkin not fit for consumption .
i had to spit it out in my napkin like some priss -- a sorry thing for a woman who likes to chow down .
well at least i had some water ... my advice : go an extra mile to steer clear of this glorified cafeteria .

-1
pcl no longer exists .
the club name has changed to epiq

-1
the food is normally very good when going into the restaurant and ordering .
today , i ordered via their website and my order was not ready at the time specified for pickup .
in fact , the order took an additional 30 minutes .
i should have by-passed the online order and just gone in as it would have been faster .
i 'm very , very disappointed in their service .

-1
a friend and i drove over to the other side of town to try mr. sushi , per the recommendation of her brother .
we waited twenty minutes for the waiter to come to our table .
then it took an hour and twenty more minutes to get the food .
by the time the sushi arrived , we were starving .
the presentation was excellent , and i was anticipating some excellent sushi goodness .
wrong .
i looked at my friend and said , `` this tastes like it came out of the la river . ``
she agreed .
we paid the bill and left most of the food still on the plates .
it was completely unpalatable .
what a disappointment .

-1
all of the positive reviews on here have to be from sol employees because i find it hard to believe anyone could like this place .
first of all , the service is horrible .
not one employee hustles and we had to ask our waitress for things multiple times .
we waited over thirty minutes for our first round of drinks .
it was busy , but not that busy .
totally inexcusable .
we started with chips and guac which our terrible waitress pushed as being delicious and inventive .
last time i checked , avocado , red onion and lime juice is n't really `` inventive `` but it 's also hard to screw up .
sol managed to make their guacamole bland and the onion was way too chunky .
at $ 9 , that 's pathetic .
especially since you could head across the street and order basic but delicious guac from chipotle .
i ordered the ensenada fish tacos and my fiancã© ordered the mariscos enchilada .
our party enjoyed carnitas tacos , shrimp salad and the ceviche .
after sampling everyone else 's food and hearing their dismay , i realized it was n't just my taco that had no flavor .
my fish tacos were totally dry and had no flavor at all .
my fiancã© 's enchiladas were served a full twenty minutes after everyone else 's food and with no apology .
his enchiladas smelled so raunchy of old fish that they were barely tolerable .
we both love seafood but that was just wrong .
whatever seafood was in there was not fresh .
we went for a family birthday and asked for two desserts to be brought to the table .
we waited so long for that the waitress was even confused and told us that she would be bringing a special dessert over to compensate for the twenty dollar enchiladas being served twenty minutes late .
nice gesture but not enough .
we headed back to the table to find our desserts actually there and already half eaten .
and then the dingbat waitress brings over two more of the same dessert ... um no thanks .
basically , it took so long to get the first desserts that she had no clue they were ever on the table .
when we got our bill , one set of desserts was still on there which was ridiculous .
basically you gave us something free to compensate for something and then charge us anyway ... most amateur service ever .
do n't waste your time or money on this place .
for what we spent as a group , we could have eaten at a top restaurant in town and this place was so not worth it .

-1
terrible - terrible - terrible - do i even have to give 1 star .
like other posts , i never had a return call back .
i called 4 days ago and the estimator never called back .
i called again today and verified my phone number thinking they wrote it down wrong .
they had the correct number and the receptionist assured me she would relay it to the person who would set up the appointment with a call back today .
no call back at all .
there is not any storm or other damage now in phoenix so absolutely no excuse .
i will take my repair business elsewhere as now even if they called me back , i would not trust any start dates for repair work with this flaky company .

-1
we have ordered pizza from this location on several occasions .
we have dined in and picked up our own pizza .
our orders have been wrong , we have had comlpetely empty boxes delivered to our home and then when we reported it to the store was told we were lying about it .
we actually had to drive to the store and show them the empty box with no grease stains to prove there had never been a pizza in the box .
then last night we ordered a cheese and pepperoni pizza in the big box deal .
out of 9 people in our household , 8 people ate the pizza .
7 got violently ill with in 20-30 minutes of eating it .
the 8 person was a 2 year old that only ate breadsticks .
i can not believe the lack of customer service when you call this pizza hut .
i called to get the corporate number .
beverly answered the phone and advised she would need my information and she was only following procedure .
refused to give me any information or help what so ever .
i have reported this incident to the health dept to have them investigate this pizza hut .
apparently it is a franchis and director is trevor kyte .
well trevor i hate to say this but you are running a very poor establishment and have lost our business completely .

-1
again , stale stale stale indian food .
another greedy indian swine running a junkyard .
he says that the kids menu is only for kids and adults cant eat from that .
even though i told him that the adult menu is too many calories for me .
typical indian swine .

-1
called in a `` to go `` crazy cheesy crust large pizza with sausage and mushroom at 5:50 pm .
was told order would be ready to pick up in 15 minutes ( pick up at 6:05 pm ) .
sat in the lobby and was given pizza at 6:30 pm .
was so pissed off that i did not look at the pizza .
when i got home , there was a profound lack of toppings .
my wife told me not to grouse about it and that we ordered from this place to try it .
we finished half the pizza when she suggested i write a review .
i took a picture of the remaining slices as proof .
absolutely amazing these guys are in business .
if you use this location : ( 1 ) add 15 minutes to the pick-up time they tell you .
( 2 ) expect skimpy toppings other than that , the place is fine .

-1
this place used to be way better a few years ago when it was a dannys family car wash .
when full circle took over , things went downhill .
it feels like no one takes care of anything and feels a little run down .
it 's worth driving a few miles down the street and go to danny 's instead .
probably best to avoid this place .

-1
food was great as usual but waitress needs to find a job she enjoys .
avoid this place at all cost ! !

-1
this place is very messy and unorganized .
the guy at front was often talking on the phone when i was standing at the front desk waiting for assistance .
lots of advertisement that he will make you a deal but in all reality he wo n't .
just about all his items are over priced .
maybe if he would make a deal with someone the prices would be reasonable .
also advertised items on craigslist that he never had in the first place .
overall not impressed or satisfied .

-1
such bad customer service at the framing desk .
i wanted to custom frame a poster and i have never talked about custom framing to anyone before !
the individual could n't have been less interested and assumed i knew everything there was to know about framing , glass , spacing etc etc . .
after all that the price was $ 160 over what was displayed for the size of my poster .
simply put , they were a customer service disaster .

-1
had my 2002 lancer towed to chapman mitsubishi knowing it had a blown head gasket , i just was n't sure if there was anything else and wanted a diagnosis , price $ 85 .
the sm larry called me later that day to day it needed a new engine or a lot of part either way it would cost $ 3500 .
i told him i 'm not putting the much money in a $ 2k car and i would be in contact .
i went the next day to pick it up and it did take them a moment to get it down off the lift and push it out , no problem since i did not call to let them know i was coming .
here is where i have a problem .
larry writes up the service ticket and says , `` that will be $ 90 `` i asked what happened to 85 the he quoted on the phone .
oh yeah , i did say that did n't i was his response .
annoyed at larry 's apparent need for lunch money .
i wait for my car to roll out .
now , i go to roll the windows down and the battery is dead , because the technician left the ignition switch in the on position .
i asked larry what he was going to do about it .
he said nothing , i asked if he was going to refund my diagnosis which is still cheaper than a new battery , he said absolutely not .
so far he has not offered one ounce of compensation and finally goes to get his service manager mat .
i proceed to tell matt my battery is dead and it 's chapmans fault , ( which the did not deny ) but again no one offers any compensation .
i keeping asking them what they are going to do , and i get remarks like , `` well the engine 's bad ' `` is n't the battery under warranty ? `` '
it did n't run when it came in `` .
ridiculous !
i finally looked at both of them and asked if they were going to do anything .
`` nope was the answer i got .
why did i buy a 2013 mazda cx-9 from chapman mazda and why did i have over $ 3000 worth of work done on my montero sport ?
because i thought i was dealing with a standup company , apparently not .
i will no longer do business with any chapman dealership mitsubishi or any chapman dealership other wise .

-1
closed

-1
tonight my first-ever wax with european wax center .
i called ahead to schedule an appointment & asked for a bikini wax .
the operator explained that i would be asked however much or little i wanted to be removed from my front side .
about 10 minutes into my wax , blocked from seeing myself of course , i felt wax being applied everywhere .
after a few strips were pulled , i asked whether this was a `` bikini wax `` and my waxer explained this was a `` full `` bikini wax .
no questions asked - my hair was gone .
afterward , i looked at myself completely after i sat up and found whole sections of hair she had failed to remove - not just strays , but clumps of 20-30 hairs .
a painful tweeze job when i got home .
what a pleasant first experience .
no thanks & never again , european wax center .

-1
just got home from dinner at macayo 's depot and as soon as i get done yelping i 'm going to try and find something to wash the foul taste out of my mouth .
unbelievable !
wife and i have been here for happy hour at least a dozen times since we moved to downtown tempe and the appetizers are good and the drink specials great also .
had mom in from out of town and figured we would walk down there for dinner .
bad decision .
i had the chicken pablano special with rice and beans .
chicken had a sour taste , rice was salty and bland at the same time ( ? )
and beans were taco bellish at best .
wife had smothered chile relleno dinner and thought the enchilada sauce was one of the worst ever .
note to macayo 's : enchilada sauce should be red not orange .
the only dinner that was edible was mom 's appetizer sampler plate .
go figure .
i 'm thinking the reason we could eat the happy hour food was maybe they serve frozen appetizers and the rest of the menu was made by someone who has absolutely no idea what mexican food should taste like .
my advice , have all the food shipped in frozen and you might be ok with the great location and friendly servers and bartenders .

-1
this is the dirtiest and mostly disorganized best buy i 've ever been to .
today it took some girl in customer service 10 minutes to look up whether they had a pc game i wanted .
as it turns out , the game hits shelves tomorrow , not today , but i had to go to 5 stores to figure that out .
the folks at best buy said they would not carry it , which is hilarious since i know they 'll carry it since it 's an expansion pack for a top-selling game they have on the shelves .
in the words of napolean dynamite : `` gosh , idiot . ``

-1
cracker barrel has been our family 's favorite breakfast restaurant for 30 years .
we 've eaten at this cracker barrel dozens of times .
not any more .
something changed .
they started serving our breakfast cold .
we sent it back and it was still served lukewarm .
we figured they had a bad day so the next time we politely ask them to make sure our breakfast was served hot .
it was servied cold again .
we talked to the manager and he apoligized .
we tried eating there three more times and every time it was served cold .
so , we stopped eating there .
we now eat breakfast at the waffle house where they we watch them make our breakfast and serve it directly to our table hot .
we miss the cracker barrel but i expect a hot breakfast and they ca n't seem to provide a hot breakfast .

-1
we 've eaten here a few times over the years and never received a decent service , but the most recent was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
we initially wanted to eat a sushi a go go across the street but they were jammed without an open table at 4:00 pm on a sunday .
so we decided to settle for stingray .
we walked in and the place was nearly empty .
the hostess was busy seating a family which was taking minutes for some reason so we decided to walk into the bar area .
we walked past the bartender and asked if we could take a seat at one of the tables .
he said sure no problem let me grab a server for you .
so we waited for five minutes with out any service while the bartender and 4 servers casually chatted behind the bar .
so we decided to take our money and our appetites elsewhere .
when we were walking out they did n't even care they just said `` have a goodnight . ``
if i was management i would have fired someone on the spot .

-1
5 stars for location !
woohoo !
this is close by and convenient because it has a drive thru !
that is about where the stars stop !
i have been tolerating the crappy customer service because of the convenient drive thru but today i decided that it just isnt worth it anymore .
the drive thru window opened and closed at least 5 times ... each time i could see my drink sitting there .
it looked sad and i am pretty sure i heard my iced vanilla latte calling out to me on the 4th and 5th try .
finally a different person came to the window , no hello , no screw you ... just a that 'll be $ 4.86 ( or whatever it was ) , i hand her the money , the window slams !
it opens again and finally she hands me my sad drink ... no words ... i take my drink ... wow !
never again !
i will go out of my way to the friendly starbucks at bell and 75th even though it is not nearly as convenient !
i am pretty sure `` starbucks `` would be pissed if they saw you in action .

-1
i get that a trampoline place is going to have customers sign a waiver .
people get hurt on trampolines .
i do n't expect that waiver to contain the following : `` i further grant jumpstreet â® , inc the right to photograph , videotape , and/or record me and/or my child/ward and to use my or my child 's / ward 's name , face , likeness , voice , and appearance in connection with exhibitions , publicity , advertising , and promotional materials without reservation or limitation . ``
in the interest of fairness , jumpstreet 's competition requires an identically-phrased waiver .
however , i was n't considering going to the competition , i was looking forward to bouncing at jumpstreet .
if you want me to appear in your promotional materials , you 're going to have to pay me .
i will , however , write a yelp review for free.to demand that your customers agree to let you photograph them and their children as a requisite to admission , with no chance to opt out , is off-putting to the extreme .

-1
im not sure what the hell people are smoking before they come here to give this place anything more than a 0 star ... i literally hated this place .
i usually go to the one in tempe , which is very nice .
.
okay so this place blows ... the staff is running around like animals not tending the guest and its just chaotic ... so we start and the lane isnt work , its not starting the balls dont come back when we throw them and the gates are randomly coming down before we throw the ball , or before the ball hits the pins ?
wtf ?
the food is expensive ... as expected since the others are .
.
but seriously we paid for unlimited bowling for 2 hours and stayed for like one hour .
also all the balls ... well unless you have little kids thumbs , or giant hands , they wont fit the balls .
.
which in my opinion is like the # 1 thing when bowling ... having a ball that fits ... oh well .
the lanes are oiled to hell and you feel like youll slip every time you go down to bowl .
.
thats awesome .
.
pay 15.00 to fit my fingers into smaller holes , break my neck while bowling , have the ball get blocked by a gate , and not get served ?
wow .
.
i know ill never go back to this one at least .

-1
we had a bachelorette party at the pointe squaw peak and came to aunt chilada 's for dinner .
their website says you have to arrive by 4:30 in order to reserve patio seating , but upon calling we discovered they do n't adhere to that policy .
too late ; we had to sit inside .
the server was so rude that we asked for another .
food took an hour to get .
they got at least two orders wrong - three times !
they refused to split the tab .
we discovered why service was taking so long when a member of our party went searching for the restroom and discovered the entire staff huddled in the hallway talking about our horrible table .
i never saw the patio , just the nearly empty room they sat us in to wait for food .
the food was typical mexican food .
i ca n't remember worse service at a restaurant .

-1
not good place

-1
i rented from the fairfield ca location @ 1425 w texas st on 8/9/2006 .
i reserved online a 26 ' truck .
i had to drive 30 miles , past 6 closer locations to go to this one because that was where the 26 ' truck was supposedly at a cost of $ 982.48 .
when we got there it was a 24 ' truck .
we were moving out of state and had everything ready to go & people at the house to load it , no time for changes .
so we took it , not everything fit !
their own paperwork says they may sub larger but not smaller !
the truck had a gas engine w / 202,000 miles on it and it was august .
we were driving from napa ca to tempe az . .
now you tell me if this is a disaster waiting to happen !
the a/c went out in blythe ca .
we drove to quartzite with no a/c and it was too hot , partly because very hot air was blowing out on my legs .
now , we had to get to az because had to pick up a family member flying in to the phoenix airport that afternoon .
so , we called u-haul and talked to various people .
their plan was for us to turn around and go back to blythe for repair - it would be the next day at least , probably longer .
now , i am not going to pay for gas and hotel while they fix a truck that they should n't have given us in the first place .
so , we drove on and got to our hotel in az . .
as soon as i walked in the hotel asst manager said `` oh my gosh !
let me get you some water `` .
my face was bright red from the heat .
oh , that is the airport hilton , they are great .
so , when we got to az they told us to take the truck to this location on priest .
it is their service center .
they supposedly fixed it while we had to sit and wait because we had no other vehicle in town yet .
when they were done ( 2 hours later ) we drove back to the hotel .
when we left 1/2 hour later , the a/c was out again !
we ended up unloading and driving it back to them with no a/c and temps well oer 110 degrees !
turns out that in the 2 hours they had it they just charged with freon , nnot fixing it like they should have .
it needed a new compressor .
so , all in all u-haul sucks !
besides they reservation process wo n't let you chose a location , they call you the day before and tell you where to pick-up .
i used penske before this and will ever since this , they are much better ! ! !
oh yeah , they wanted us to make full payment .
i went to my credit card company and after many phone calls , ended up after all of this having to pay them $ 736.86 .
not much of a discount for causing us so much trouble , stress and health issues for me from heat exhaustion .
i was very sick .
please think before using them !
penske is much better .

-1
the service is sooooo bad .
the pizza tastes great but the service lately has been horrible .
pizza is always late when picking up .
the last pick up i did , i was told `` pizza ready in abt .
30 min . ``
i went into the store after 30 min .
and they had n't even begun to make my pizza .
last two deliveries the driver got lost and we had late and cold pizza .
if you get lost , at least call us and tell us you are late .
i 've talked to the manager , but service does n't get any better .
guys you have great tasting pizza .
you really need to shake up your service !
we used to order from you weekly but not any more .

-1
more like bad china , i say .
got take-out .
kung pau chicken , curry shrimp , beef brocolli 2 egg rolls .
kung pau was 90 % celery and the chicken that was there was very very poor ; tough , just crappy cuts ... awful bland taste too .
the beef brocolli was also bland , and the beef was poor quality ... very tough .
the curry shrimp was `` ok `` .
the eggrolls sucked ! !
i paid over $ 30 and will definitely not be back .

-1
horrible service .
food was sub par .
not as good as an olive garden .
expected a more authentic taste .
the decor was the only positive .
again , horrible service !
i do not recommend .

-1
i met up with some buddies here and the service was non-existent , it took the server 20 minutes from the time i took a seat to get my drink order another 15 minutes to take my food order .
i think it took her this long because she was chatting away with other employees and ignoring my friends and i .
after eating the chard wings we waited 45 minutes for the check i got fed up and it took the manager to give us a refill on our drinks .
we were there for 2.5 hours most of the time was waiting for the server to get our orders and to give us the check .
horrible service horrible food , i suggest you go elsewhere i will never eat here again .

-1
i went here last night because all my mid-west friends said it was amazing !
i have to say i was very disappointed !
not to mention that i 'm pretty sure my burger had a piece of bone or rock in it .
i bit down and seriously thought i chipped one of my molars .
do yourself a favor and go to in n out or for that matter mcdonald 's !

-1
here 's the question you have to ask yourself : how much trouble are you willing to go through for a good ( not great ) product ?
the quality of service is really spotty : sometimes good ( again , not great ) and sometimes horrendous .
i dealt with the team in the chandler mall for our wedding and no one seemed to know what was going on at any given time .
one of my groomsmen was given the wrong suit ( similar color , but not the same suit ) , even though we ordered and paid 3 + months in advance .
they 're unwilling to fix their mistakes , difficult to get a hold of over the phone and again , all for only decent quality .
furthermore , i disagree with the other reviewer : as far as men 's suits go , they 're not very knowledgeable about current trends and actually try to push you in the direction of their personal style ( in our case , a middle-aged man who probably has pants 4 sizes bigger than our largest groomsman ) instead of listening to what you actually want .
if you are willing to put in the time to call a million times and still possibly end up with the wrong stuff , i urge you to test your patience and go with nick 's .
if you want things to go smoothly , i recommend you consider other options .

-1
rude management and office staff , very slow response times from maintenance team ( if they came at all ) , and ridiculous charges at move-out .
thankfully i was able to talk them out of the extra charges , since they were based on nonsense .
the complete lack of help from the office staff , leaky roof , frequently shut-off water , and bad termite problem made living here a total hassle .
the only redeeming quality was the lovely gainey neighborhood and close proximity to the hayden greenbelt .
no thanks , never again , and i do n't suggest you rent there either .

-1
reg at the scottsdale one .
1st time here rude service ! !
wan na be hipsters that play to cool for school work here and food is n't as good as scottsdale location .
never will go back always pass it up on that side of town

-1
terrible billing dept ! ! ! !
they lost my lousy $ 6.58 payment and put me through hell trying to prove it was paid - total idiots

-1
this place fails .
just totally fails .
i was forced to eat here one night even though all i wanted was a delicious burrito from one of the - erto 's , betos , or fiesta burrito .
but no , i was coerced into coming here because they 're `` open late `` and my friend swore up down and backwards that it was `` amazing `` .
i really should have known better because her favorite mexican place is arriba-really ? !
i feel bad for her , because there 's so much great mexican food in this town !
ok , so they decided to extend their hours , but you know what ?
they cut their menu to five items after 1 am !
not cool .
pro : the golf cart that drove us here from dos gringos ... apparently it 's a club shuttle , but has `` julio 's too `` written all over it , and the guy driving it said he 's work for them for 10 years and that the owner of the golf shuttle also owns julio 's too .
this driver claimed everything here was `` delicious `` but could n't be specific about any item .
hmmmm , i wonder if that 's because ... con : the food sucked .
it was just plain bad .
i mean , i eat from some grimy burrito places , and their food is amazing compared to the stuff they 're passing off as food here .
maybe it 's because we went late , but either way i decided to play it safe and order a bean and cheese burrito that i could barely eat five bites of before completely giving up on it .
others in my party ordered the carne asada burrito ( oh , i should mention that i was the only sober one here-everyone in my party was absolutely sloshed ) , and most of them ate all of it , but later told me how bad it was and what a bad idea it was to eat it .
they said they would have much rather gone to a good place ( which i agreed with ! )
, and collectively we all agreed never to come here again .
next time you see the julio 's too shuttle driver pass by , ask him for a ride to the nearest good mexican place !
or even the philly cheesesteak place near the bars which is decent .
just stay away from this place .

-1
i called to check how late they were open .
they said 2300 .
i get there at 2240 , the sign says they close at 2300 .
their door is locked and they ignore my knocking .
there are pizzas in the earners though .
i call and was told they closed .
when i pointed out they are supposed to still be open i 'm met with attitude .
way to win customer loyalty .

-1
this is a weird walmart in a weird mall .
everything about this place gives me the hebe-jeebees .
i saw a couple having a domestic dispute in the toy isle .
listened to several screaming children and was n't greeted by the greeter .
i took my mom here and was afraid someone would step to her and i would have to beat them down .
( you do n't mess with my mama ) maybe if you think of this walmart as some sort of ghost-hunter adventure you night really have fun , i guess .

-1
i have been a patron at zipps for a long time and at many different locations across the greater metropolitan area .
this one on camelback i live nearby so i visit it most often .
i am also a bartender for the last 7 years .
cj the bartender gives some of the worst customer service i 've seen in a long time .
i sit in the same bar stool and order the same thing every time i go in there .
for one , he never recognizes me .
i 've probably been served by him half a dozen times in the last few months alone .
last time i was there , i ordered what i always do .
after delivering my beer and food he never checked in to ask how the food was or if he could get me anything .
i guess he forgot the two minute two bite rule , but there was only about 6 people at the bar .
he was busy in conversation with the servers about restaurant problems .
when i had finished my beer and my food , he just said , `` do you want your check yet ? ``
to which i was stunned .
usually you would ask if everything was ok , or if i could use a refill on my budweiser .
so i said , `` no .
.
but i will take another beer and some to go food if thats ok with you . ``
i took my new beer outside to smoke a cigarette .
as i returned , my bar stool had been hijacked by someone who asked if someone was sitting there .
cj replied , `` oh there was but he 'll be fine . ``
so i moved down three bar stools and waited for my to-go wings .
i tipped about 22 % but i was really pissed i did .
so i feel this review is worth more than stiffing him on a tip , since he never recognizes me anyway .
i do n't think i can go there to have beers anymore .
they 're lucky that the focaccia is freaking amazing and the wings are hands down the best in the state .
i will say i have been served plenty of times at tables as well , both with friends and by myself , over the last 5 years i 've been going to the camelback location , and i have always had pretty excellent service from all the girls .
i think i 'll just have to stick to getting to-go food from there or visit a different zipps .

-1
i am furious .
in the last 12 months , i have had at least scheduling issues , from them calling me at 8am on a saturday morning ( my 1 day off ) to cancel my 11am appointment to last saturday , when i went in only to be told someone had messed up , and actually booked me for the next week , and despite me driving all the way out there at 11am , they could n't get me in until maybe that evening , and then not with someone who had experience in deep tissue/medical massage .
i was irritate and ready to ask for my membership refunded then , but ashley the clinic manager promised me that they 'd give me my next week appointment free of charge , and that she 'd personally be certain there were no more issues .
as i literally could n't turn my head to the left due to pain , i took her up on that .
big mistake .
yesterday ( the friday before my `` correctly `` scheduled massage , i went out of my way to call in and confirm my own bloody appointment , to try and avoid last week 's debacle .
according to the woman who answered the phone , it looked like my schedule therapist was actually scheduled off , but she went to talk with her manager , and came back to the phone telling me everything was ok , and that she 'd call with any issues .
then yesterday evening , i got another confirmation call from massage envy , confirming and reminding me of my 11:30 am appt on saturday with my preferred therapist .
given that i 've had 3 migraines this week ( versus my 0 or 1 when i get a massage the weekend prior ) , i really absolutely needed to get in , so i felt more confident .
well , i was just woken up at 8am ... again .
on my day off ... again .
to explain to me that , big shock , they messed up my scheduling again , and that apparently , my therapist was off today .
despite ashley 's promise of it not happening again .
despite me being pro-active and calling to confirm .
i am sitting here in pain , so furious at this repeated treatment that i ca n't even go back to bed ... and the best part ?
they do n't even have a manager on duty i can complain to .
my treatment at the hands of the booking/front desk staff has been any thing but relaxing .
i continue to walk out of there frustrated , angry , and occasionally in tears .
i know they say fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me , but i was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt .
i 'm pretty screwed for today and the next week , but luckily , an elements place with a similar concept opened recently in the general area .
at this point , it literally can not be any worse than massage envy .
as much as i love talisha and aisha as massage therapists , getting a massage should feel good , and not like you 're just a number to them , not like you actually have to spend more time trying to get a damn appointment than you actually get to spend in the appointment .

-1
bluf got it to go and glad i did .
the chicken was ok but only for the first couple of bites .
the red velvet cake was aweful .
background yelpers let me down on this one .
i ordered the three piece chicken meal expecting to stuff myself contented with fried goodness and slip into a glycosidic stupor from a criminally sized slab of red velvet cake .
let me say i did n't have to watch the scale worried of well earned weight gain from this meal .
the chicken was an initial hit but was short lived .
i did n't finish it nor did i want to .
the waffle did not travel well either , it was soggy by arrival ( 10 mins to the hotel - arrgh ! )
nor was it flavored in any manor .
i would liken it to the generic bread slices used at other joints for sopping up the grease .
the red velvet was a crime .
it too lacked flavor , was heavy beyond understanding and it hurts me to say this - was only deserving of the trash .
wa , wa , waaaa .
$ 20 + for soul food that was so bad .

-1
first time here .
went to see christopher titus .
this place is a place for comics to test new material .
comic used cue cards .
paid 60 bucks to go see him .
2 drink minimum per person .
took my wife .
totally cool with that .
had 4 or 5 cocktails wife had 3 .
expected maybe a 80 dollar tab for less than a 25 dollar bottle of whiskey .
150 bucks !
are you f-ing kidding me !
.
now i know why maybe 50 people showed up .
never go back there again .
what a rip off .
i can get full bottle service at that price .
if i could id give this place negative stars .
thanks for slapping the bill on the table after the comic is done with his test runs and starts with his good material .
ruined the night .
just wanted to take my wife out for her birthday .

-1
have sent 2 packages to a customer in the 85040 area and neither one has been delivered .
postal service `` claims `` that they have left notices on signature confirmed package .
they have not been left .
now i have an angry customer and a paypal dispute because the mail carrier is not doing there job !
spoke with two people , kathy and some other associate .
whom were extremely rude !
like i was causing the problem .
leave your personal problems at home .
this office needs to have a customer service training update .
i will never use this service again .
going to start using ups !
at least you can speak directly to the carrier and find out whats really going on !

-1
red mountain cafe makes me sad .
i wanted to like this place and love supporting local restaurants - but my entire experience was so disappointing .
it took about 30 minutes for a waitress to take our order .
she was very friendly , which i must say was the only plus .
i ordered a corned beef sandwich and my friend ordered the cheese quasedilla .
my sandwich was about an inch tall top to bottom , with soggy bread and some weird congealed mystery meat patty , which i 'm guessing was from a can .
it had a greyish color to it and was cold .
also there was nothing on the sandwich except for the bread and the canned meat .
not even mustard like the menu said .
my friends quasedilla was so greasy he said he could `` oil a car for months `` with the grease .
it stinks because the staff is so very friendly .
but a lot of work in needed on the management side of things - especially with the cooks .
: ( will not be back .

-1
they should write a book about how to ruin a soft taco .
i did n't think it was possible .
the corn tortilla was raw , not sauteed or warmed up at all , and thus tasted like cardboard .
the whole thing was cold .
the only good thing was the rice , which was very tasty .
a woman at the table next to us warned us that her chicken taco was horrible .
so why did n't we listen ?
we figured it was just the chicken , but we should have asked more .

-1
i have never walked into a business only to be discouraged from spending money .
i decided to try out energy tanning one day after my workout at la fitness .
i walked in .
no one was at the desk .
i peeked my head around the corner .
no one .
finally , one employee appeared to help me .
i asked if i had to buy a package or a membership ; i had just canceled my monthly package at bronze boutique and i was not looking to accrue more expenses .
i was explained the level system of beds in a condescending manner , and then was informed that i would not see any color with just one session .
yes , even on one of the strongest beds .
the verdict : i 'd have to purchase a package to see results .
i let her know i 've been outside and tanning fairly consistently and that i 'm not `` starting from scratch `` .
she said `` i 'd hate to have you spend $ 30 on a session when you wo n't see results immediately `` .
wow .
i thanked her for her honesty and strolled out to enjoy the rest of my sunday .
good luck , energy tanning .

-1
rude employees , a lot of time what your looking for is n't in stock , is n't the cleanest , and did i mention rude employees ?

-1
i ordered two ribeye steaks , med-rare , baked potatoes .
the steaks were not rare , they were raw .
the potatoes were not even cooked , hard as a rock .
one potato was the size of a lemon , the other was a huge baker .
the manager was not apologetic and flip , and advised we were free to drive back down to the restaurant to have it re-cooked .
we had ordered it to go , so driving back to the restaurant i 've miles at eight pm , did n't sound like a great plan .
the attitude from jason the manager just added insult to injury .
the dessert and salad were great .

-1
we went to mimi 's expecting good french-american cuisine and a pleasant atmosphere .
when we arrived , we were told that despite having made a reservation , we were not on the reservation list - the first issue of the evening .
they sat us down anyway and we ordered our food : a baked brie dish for starters , and a mediterranean salad , a pot pie nouveau and the mussels with `` white wine and garlic sauce `` for our meals .
the noise levels were quite high .
the brie came out with two small slices of bread , despite the fact that there were three of us sitting at the table .
it took at least 10 minutes from the arrival of our brie dish for our server to offer us a bread basket .
then , our meals arrived .
the pot pie nouveau and the mediterranean salad both had chicken in them that looked like processed meat that was cubed and very chewy .
it certainly was not fresh .
the prosciutto in the salad was so sparse that it was hardly noticeable .
the mussels were horrific .
they were not only entirely overcooked , but the sauce had no hint of wine in it and was condensed to a honey-like consistency .
it seemed to be made out of lemon and butter , although the colour and taste of the butter was so unnatural that it was certainly not real butter .
rather frustrating given that it says it will come in a wine and garlic sauce on the menu .
equally terrible was the salt content of this dish , so much so that i poured some of the water i was drinking into it so as to make it less salty .
on top of all of these complaints , our waiter was entirely patronising , speaking to us in a sing-songy voice as if we were all small children .
as an american who lived in france and as somebody with high expectations of both of these cultures , i must advise anyone who values their money to stay away from this most unrespectable establishment .
the food , service and atmosphere were absolutely horrid .
if i could offer a negative rating i would rate our experience as a -2 , at least !

-1
the service is so bad the drive threw takes so long they should not even be classified as fast food i am not sure how it takes them 5min a car just to end up getting everything wrong

-1
questionable buisness practices .
watch out for overcharging .
the waitress here tried to scam us to get a higher tip .
the first bill she gave us didnt have the drinks added but way at the bottom she added gratuity of almost 7 $ .
i probably wouldnt have caught it but the bill just seemed too high .
when i complained she said there was no manager but it was by accident but the new bill had one drink .
i complained again because she was only gon na give us free drinks if she could rip us off .
she then informed us we had actually recieved two drinks .
if she knew that , then why did she only charge us for 1 .
she was trying to get a big tip by making it look like she was hooking us up when in reality she was ripping us off .
on top of all that the service was horrible , we got one refill and thats because i stood up and looked for someone to give us a refill .
when i finally got her attention she got me a refill and never asked anyone else at the table if they needed anything .

-1
came here for the first time to have a going away dinner with a bunch of coworkers because we work at a restaurant nearby .
terrible service .
absolutely horrible .
i have never felt so unwelcome before in a restaurant in my entire life .
every person i encountered was rude to me .
i sat down and was never offered anything , never even got water !
i tasted a friend 's pasty and was n't very good .
a slightly better hotpocket really .
after telling a friend about how bad the service was , she told me she also got horrible service and got food poisoning after eating there a few weeks earlier .
needless to say , i 'll never step foot in there again !

-1
i can sum it up in 4 words ... it smells like smoke the whole place has a bad odor that hits you the minute you step inside and hangs on your clothing and in your lungs as you leave .
not the pleasant smell of clove or cigar , but the acrid odor of a stained nicotine hand chain smoker .
even if i found a book i liked ( i did ) i would be afraid to buy it and bring it into my car and home as the smell would be carried with it .
i shop other recycled book stores like book gallery and changing hands and neither have this smell .
they must have sellers past a `` smell test `` before they buy the books or have some decontamination chamber before the books are shelved .
needless to say the memory and smell of half price books haunts me to this day and i wo n't be going back .

-1
mmy wife suggested we try this place instead of our regular chinese buffet ( fugi 's ) .
boy , was i disappointed !
the girl at the cash register ( you pay before you are seated ) was more interested in an ipad than in taking our money ) .
after being seated i headed for the buffet line and found the `` habachi `` ... oops !
it was a flattop grill and a gas grill , no charcoal !
stir fry done on a flattop is not stirfry !
then on to the steam table ... all the food was mediocre at best ... bland and unseasonably .
the sushi was horrible ... tasted like the refrigerator .
the salad bar had a minimum of items and the lettuce looked like it had been there all day .
although the price was $ 9.99 , they did offer a 10 % discount for seniors , which i asked for and then was charged the full price anyway .
the waitstaff were aloof and could have cared less if we were even there .
i for one will not go back and will gladly pay the $ 12 i usually pay at fugi 's for better quality !

-1
drive through takes forever in the morning 20 minutes for one burrito .
egg shells in my carne asada burroito after i waited forever : (

-1
bang bang bang on our door at 4 am by the front desk clerk ! ! !
why ?
ok , let 's start at the beginning .
phoenix has an overabundance of budget adequate chain motel/hotel rooms , and we figured this was one of them .
when we arrived the day before thanksgiving , 2011 , we found a full-on construction site , so much so that we could not find the way into the hotel .
eventually a workman snaked our way though to an incomplete lobby and we went up to our room .
at first look , this newly redecorated room looked and smelled clean , and even had a somewhat upscale interior design for a budget motel .
( this ramada is becoming a holiday inn we were told ) .
but it was downhill after that .
the water was turned off and we did not have water until three hours after we arrived .
we turned on the air conditioner because it was in the 80 's and the window does not open .
well , we might as well have been in an airplane test hangar because it is so unrelentingly loud that you can not hear the tv ... at all ... and i have great hearing .
we eventually realized that the air conditioner / heat pump individual unit , while there is a wall thermostat , only has one setting and ... it is high .
( lo and med still blast at high intensity ) .
little by little , the fault became apparent to us ... this was a cosmetic touchup , but the important things were missing like ... a bath tub ... there is no tub , just a shower with a shower head that barely yields a dribble of water ... the tv is an old tube tv and it is blurry and scrambled and two calls to the desk ( no one answers the extensions ) brought no results .
speaking of the bathroom , there is no window , no fan , and an ill-fitting toilet seat that shifts loudly to one side each time you `` alight `` .
many have complained about their odd shoji pocket door to the bathroom which bounces back open , and clipped my husband 's hand twice .
as others have mentioned , there are paperthin walls apparently , because we woke up at 4 am to watch the news .
we are very conscious as we live in a condo to keep our tv down .
nonetheless , with this horrendously loud wall unit air conditioner , if you want to hear the tv , you have to turn it up and we did not turn it up as much as we would like to , but ... bang bang bang on our door a few minutes after we had gotten up .
the front desk clerk rudely said when i opened the door ( which is freaky at 4 am ) - `` the neighbors complained about the noise and i could hear it all the way down the hall `` - ** note to manager : good luck ramada/holiday inn when it is 110 degrees outside and people have their tv 's up much louder than we did to combat the a/c on unrelenting high .
trust me , there will be multiple complaints every night .
other reviews of this motel have mentioned the same complaints .
i was planning on telling the desk clerk when we checked out after 3 nights about some of these `` constructive ideas `` for their own benefit .
however , the checkout clerk looked like he was not open to input ( probably overdosed on complaints ) , so i refrained .
basically , the owners have cheaped out on this major remodel .
.
if you read this , ramada/holiday inn manager , at the very least you need to get an electrician to rewire the thermostat to get a low fan setting on the a/c wall unit , buy new tvs , replace the toilet seat , change out the bathroom shoji door and shoot some insulation into the walls .
and , we 're just not all that picky !

-1
yes , the new vee quiva casino has a buffet , & yes , it 's one star , at least for right now .
this new cafe/buffet opened on july 2nd & this is july 5th , so they 've had four days to iron out the problems associated with a new opening .
with that in mind , i stopped in here to enjoy some nice buffet today at around 11:30 am .
the hostess gave me a pager & said it would be about 15 minutes , which seemed odd since the restaurant was only about 1/3 full .
after waiting half an hour , & being told that i was # 4 on the list and that it would be a while longer , i gave up & left .
another weird thing was that i was told to stay , with my pager , within 20 feet of the front of the restaurant or i would be out of range !
( what 's the point of the pager ? ? )
there is absolutely no excuse for any restaurant to be off to such a piss-poor start , especially by the fourth day .
this ( breakfast ) buffet , served from 6 am to 2 pm is also priced way too high at $ 10.95 ... considering what they had out today it should cost about half that !
one star all around !
: - o

-1
there are two subways in anthem .
everybody told me the other one was better .
i went anyway and wow , what a shock .
after the first person put on 4 turkey slices and then 4 ham slices on the next person took 2 slices off of each one and told the first not to put on so much meat .
sandwiches of the day do n't get as much meat .
she did that right in front of me .
not a very good value for the money .
the next day i went to the other subway and they built a better sandwich .

-1
trailer trash phoenix now have a home !
this place smells of urine but of which the aroma candles that are burning can not cover .
the locals with no taste in music , the songlist is all over the place with no sense of direction .
bare and lacking , the decor is in major need of the fab 5 from nyc .
i 'm sorta afraid of even trying the food .
beach theme in the middle of the desert ?
get the picture .
someone mentioned an open mike night , but not gon na stick around here , i 'm too afraid of what i 'll see .
too many people wearing sweat pants for my like , and the woman next to me at the bar is using a hand stapler that the barkeep loaned out so she could ` fix ' her shoe ! ? ! ?
did i mention the drinks are dirt cheap ?

-1
an eventual nine week repair turnaround for a 2009 zuma scooter for lack of parts .
( ? ! ? )
i understand they do n't stock parts for all motorcycles , but they put absolutely zero effort into tracking them down .
their original estimate was july to november .
they simply shrugged their shoulders and said it was out of their control only after i personally called yamaha inc. and asked for their intervention were parts for repair found essentially same day and graciously expedited at no extra charge to me .
i mean ... how hard is a phone call ... and who does n't think july to november is a bit unreasonable ?
nice guys , but a horribly run service department .

-1
my wife and i went to stingray with high hopes based on a previous visit to another location .
this experience was a large disappointment .
we arrived at 6:15 on a thursday evening , and we were able to get a seat right away .
we found out we were there during happy hour , so we ordered drinks and appetizers .
the drinks were good , and unique , and the crunchy spicy tuna appetizer was also good , but that was where it ended .
the other appetizer was a shrimp tempura roll , which was average at best , then came the main course .
my wife ordered the spicy shrimp roll which was also average , with more rice than fish , and the lava roll , which was awful , with the fish glob on top being all mushy as if it had been pre-chewed and spit on top of the roll .
i ordered the seared big eye tuna .
the risotto it came with was outstanding , the tuna was , in a word , awful .
the flavor was good , but this was the first piece of fish i have ever had that could n't be eaten because of sinews running through it .
i had to cut away over 1/3 of the meat because it could n't be cut or chewed .
to top it off , the service was poor at best .
the staff was friendly , but our water ran out numerous times , our server was hard to find , and the coup de gras was that they completely forgot my order .
my wife had completely finished both plates of her sushi ( well , she did n't eat the lava rolls because they were awful ) and my tuna still had n't arrived .
when our server finally walked by after 25-minutes ( not exaggerating , we watched the time ) and asked she went to the kitchen and came back explaining the kitchen was `` backed up . ``
considering i ordered a dish that required all of 2 minutes to cook , i was n't buying it .
the manager walked by and i said something to him , he went in the kitchen and came back about 2-minutes later with my dinner .
both the manager and server apologized - but that was it !
not so much as a coupon for discount next time , or my entre being comped , nothing .
i understand restaurants make mistakes , but own up to it , and do something about it .
not that i spend a lot of time in scottsdale , but i can assure you we will not be going back .

-1
oh dear .
american auto , you should have treated me better .
i trusted them to replace my front windshield with the original glass that my toyota came with .
you promised you did .
but when it got dinged on the freeway one week after i just bought the windshield from you , it was very questionable that you did in the first place .
how could i tell it was such poor quality glass that you installed for me ?
well for starters , all the hits from rocks that i had gotten on my original windshield were just small , circular-like marks .
but with yours , they just became long streaks that ran across the car like bad panty hose when they got dinged .
twice .
i took the car back to this shop immediately after the marks and explained to them that although i understand it is not their fault that my car got dinged , but it is very unusual that the marks would looks like that , only poor quality glass would not be able to withstand the very small rock my car took .
i asked if there was anything they could possibly do for me , any sort of warranty , anything at all ... since i gave them $ 200 just last week and this happened .
the body shop guy calls up the guy that installed my windshield .
i can totally hear both ends since his cell phone is so loud .
the installation guy basically said it 's not their problem and too bad .
the body shop guy attempts to use some sort of material to make the crack look less intense .
i works for a while , but after a week goes by , it does n't look like he did anything at all .
they said that if i were to buy another windshield from them to replace this one , they would take 50 % off .
i 'm sorry , but as good as that ` bargain ' sounds , it 's not a good deal at all .
i 'm out $ 200 for a crappy quality windshield that you put in my car in the first place , you should replace that for free , or better yet , refund me !
maybe driving away in your bmw and thinking that i 'm not going to review your rip-off business was a huge mistake .
so sad how businesses think they can get away with installing shitty products and not think that you would notice it .
wow , never thought i would curse on yelp , but looks like it 's a first now .

-1
this place sucks , not my normal car wash , but was in a hurry and needed to wash my car .
they did a horrible job for a $ 20.00 car wash .
and i do n't think anyone there spoke english .
everything in the shop was overpriced .
had been here once before , and i could not remember why it had been so long ... now i remember .
rip off !

-1
the first night i went here i had an italian beef sandwich .
i thought there was something wrong with it because it had a strange flavor , but then i heard from other people that went there that their sandwich also had a strange flavor .
the beef was also powdery .
not sure what is going on with this , but it is not good .
we also ordered chicago style hot dogs .
they are not chicago style which is what i would expect from a company that is from chicago .
it did not have a poppy seed bun .
it did not have a pickle spear .
it did not have tomatoes .

-1
this quiznos is not good to go to .
they are rude and the sandwich sucked ... do not go here !

-1
if you could imagine what a restaurant would look like if you gave someone acid and told them to do some interior decorating , i am pretty sure this would be the outcome .
the outside includes statues of geese , hippos , buffalo 's , and assortment of other creatures .
the inside is wall to wall with stuff from humpty dumpty to an american flag to totem pole .
if only the food compared with this quirky atmosphere ... long wong 's gets one star because the food was awful .
i ordered boneless chicken wings .
they were so hard and inedible that i broke my plastic fork trying to stab one to pick it up .
i am not talking a little freezer burn here but am talking hard as a rock .
the medium buffalo wing sauce was hot but had no flavor .
i also had a hot dog .
the bun was super stale and fell apart as i tried to eat the hot dog .
the costco style tables were filthy .
my child 's high chair table is cleaner after she eats than the table we sat at .
if you bring your own food and table , you can enjoy the atmosphere .
otherwise , i highly do n't recommend .

-1
i was treated very rude by the owners and will tell anyone i cross paths with not to patron this establishment .
they think they can treat customers rudely without getting a reputation .
i watched them kick out a mother and her children because she had a barking dog in her bentley outside .
o.k . i am that mother .
the nerve !

-1
update ... ... ughhhhhhhhhh as it happens like oh so many times this place now really has gone down hill.i had just given it a real great review on 12/20/10 and when we went there yesterday for mothers day lunch it was awful .
! ! !
why , why , why dammit !
do restaurant owner ruin a good thing when it 's going well , eveytime i have been there it has been busy and i had been there at all different times of the day and week to see how the food was to compare it each time.this time the appetizer was terrible fried chix toast was greasy , fish cakes tasted old , the spring rolls were inedible.chix sate was made w/dark meat and the peanut sauce was too runny and flavorless , phad thai was bland w/no tofu or eggs ( they 're actually charging $ 1.50 for a single egg to add ) i had the green curry w / chix and it was runny and flavorless as well.it really sucked ! ! ! !
and we wont be going back anytime soon .

-1
i took 2 coats in to be altered .
on the first coat only the sleeves were to be shortened .
on the second coat the sleeves and the coat length were to be shortened .
we , my daughter ( who 's coats these were ) and i , returned to tony 's a week later to pick up both coats .
my daughter tried on the first coat , that only needed the sleeves shortened , and she looked a bit apprehensive and a bit perplexed .
but none-the-less she opted to take the coat as she was leaving back to college and needed the coat .
when we left tony 's my daughter commented that it did n't feel right in the sleeves , as if it was bunching and it felt uncomfortable to her .
i told her to leave it but she insisted that she would need a coat .
the second coat that needed both the sleeves and length shortened was left there because they said it was n't ready and would be another week .
when i returned a week later to pick up the coat it was very visible to me that the job was not done properly .
the front of the coat was uneven , i would come to later find out , it was a whole 1/2 inch off .
also , at the bottom of both the right and left sides of the coat there was a zigzag stitch that should n't have been there , it should have been a straight stitch .
the sleeves also looked as if there was too much lining fabric where it joins the exterior of the coat .
from the backside of the coat , at the bottom , the lining was visible ( hanging down too far ) .
when i questioned the employee she said her seamstress was gone for the day and to just leave the coat there so she could fix it .
when i returned 2 weeks later to pick up the coat there were no changes made to the coat at all .
when i questioned the owner about why the seamstress put a zigzag stitch on the two bottom sides she said that was the only way it could be done to close the coat .
i asked why the seamstress did n't go in from inside the lining and she said , `` that would have been too much work `` .
when questioned why it was still uneven she said it was because it was on the hanger and that once i put the coat on it would be fine .
i explained to her that that was n't the way it was when i originally purchased the coat , that the coat was nice and even at the bottom .
she insisted i put the coat on , i told her it was n't my coat and it would n't fit me because the coat belonged to my daughter who was away at college by this time .
by this time i just wanted to take my coat somewhere else to have it fixed but she was insistent on having the seamstress do repairs right then while i waited .
i told her no that the coat had already been left there for them to fix and they failed to do anything to fix it in the three weeks since it was originally promised to me .
i simply wanted my coat and i expressed that i was n't going to pay for it because the job was n't done properly and she grabbed my coat .
i then pulled out my cell phone to call the police so that i could get my merchandise back and she proceeded to charge me for the work done , even though it was very clear that i was not satisfied and i was neither confident nor comfortable with leaving my coat any longer .
the owner proceeded to tell me to never bring anything to her again and i promised her i would n't .
it 's been several weeks but i 've since had this coat fixed by fit alterations , they did a phenomenal job !
i would advise to never take anything to tony 's cleaners and tailors for alterations .
i really do n't think the seamstress knows what she 's doing .

-1
the staff is rude and treat the customers like an inconvenience .
2 hour delivery times ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
really ?

-1
do n't eat the anchovies !
i went there on 8/3/13 in the afternoon ordered a 16 `` with anchovies on half .
place was cool , had a rolling rock and kicked back till it was done .
did n't think much about it when the guy making my pizza and another kitchen guy were having a discussion about a blue and white rectangular can , ended up being the anchovies .
he used them on my pizza and threw them away , opened a new can .
obviously the fire was n't hot enough cause he kept putting more wood in it .
i took home my under cooked , germ ridden , toxic pizza and ate half of it .
the fun kicked in about thirty minutes prior to catching a morning flight on 8/4/13 .
it 's now 8/7/13 and i 've been in constant contact with many different restrooms since then , it just will not stop , missed some work , had an iv for dehydration .
at least the headaches , sweating and vomiting has stopped .

-1
while waiting for our flight to leave we stopped here to get a bite to eat .
since it was the only place that looked decent .
combo meals are expensive ... $ 12 .
staff members are not friendly at all .
the guy making our food had a piercing on his lip ... it was a huge diamond color stone .
when i say huge ... i mean huge .
when they handed me my food i said , `` thanks ! ``
.
and got no reply in return .
seating area was not large enough .
we had to wait around for a seat to clear up .
food was okay .
fries were not good .
i was looking for some seasoned salt , but they had none .
overall ... i hope to never have a layover in phoenix again ...

-1
i found myself testing the greyhound bus system after being unable to catch a flight .
ugh !
tucson to phoenix to la . .
here are the highlights .
bus departed over an hour late .
bus was filthy .
entire bus smelled like a porta potty .
bathroom door broken .
no privacy .
filthy .
driver jerked the bus all over the road .
no , this is n't a sports car pal .
two segments required two coupons .
they only gave me one .
then later asked for the other .
charged me an extra $ 5 because they erred and needed to print a 2nd one .
i 'm uploading 2 photos of my view of the graffitied seat-back forward of me .
passengers were n't too scary .
borderline/marginally okay .
ac worked .
did i say the bus stunk ?
ca n't underscore that enough .
will i repeat my patronage ?
only if exceedingly desperate .
i will not recommend .
i will discourage others .
i would not allow a loved one on those busses .
an embarrassment of the free enterprise system .

-1
waited over 45 minutes today for a terribly over-priced blt sandwich on a very dry , hard roll .
two pieces of bacon and a thin layer of tomato paste .
in addition , a bowl of chicken soup with two noodles , one piece of carrot , no chicken , only luke warm broth .
the other dishes around us looked far better .
management seriously needs to improve the quality of this sandwich , or remove it from the menu .
i informed the manager and was offered a refund that was never delivered .
i was told to wait for it , and eventually gave up .
on another note , the musical blues artist was very entertaining and friendly to the customers .
he had a friend show up from seattle who played great guitar and saved the afternoon from being a total rip-off .
signed ... still hungry !

-1
this place was awful .
i 'd rather have taco bell .
the salsa was tomato sauce with cayenne pepper in it .
my dinner had no flavor at all and the service was slow at best .
our love of mexican cuisine has spanned generations and if this is what 's consider good mexican food in the west valley then i 'll keep driving to other side of town .
very sad .

-1
horrible service .
.
and ( 3 ) $ 40.00 steaks that were a bit dry and tough i. .
.
we personally had a bad experience an will never in this life time return .
.
so do n't believe the hype .
.
believe me folks the place look nice but ai n't all that .
.
!

-1
everytime i go into this store , there is only one cashier working but yet several employees meandering around ?
today was the same ! !
but the worst was the poor customer service i received .
i used to love this store as they do have a large variety of kids toys etc . .
after my freadful experience today , i wil never walk through those doors again .
waiting over 20 mins in check out line is not acceptable .

-1
i have heard so many good reviews for this place , so who would n't try it ?
i should have taken the hints before i got my meal , that this was n't a good choice .
hint 1 : location - it 's right next to a smoke shop and a gas station across the street from a mobile park .
hint 2 : food test - it was nice that i got to sample the food even if the first sample was n't up to par , the guy would n't leave me alone about sampling .
hint 3 : decor - i know this should never have anything to do with the food , but it felt like i was eating at a cousins house on the bad side of town , wobbly chairs , wobbly table .
i ordered the teriyaki chicken ( did n't think it would be bad , i mean who can mess up teriyaki ? )
with chicken fried rice ( once again , how on earth can you mess up fried rice ? )
the chicken tasted like it was frozen and thawed out all day .
such a horrible taste .
the fried rice tasted like it too was thawed out , kind of had a gross tangy after taste .
there also was n't any spices or egg in the fried rice , just a bunch of green onion , which technically is n't a fried rice .
this meal can be related to something you get in the frozen section at a grocery store .
they also give you a snickerdoodle cookie , that looked like it could be the best thing on the menu , until i noticed it was n't cooked all the way through .
but the icing on the cake was the gross pube like grey hair i found floating in my teriyaki sauce .
so the expensive $ 8 meal was so not worth it , and i 'm sure when diners drive ins and dives visited , the food was great , but today it was the grossest thing i 've ever had .

-1
probably the worst restuarant in phoenix next to zipps sports bar .
the food tasted like it was microwaved and rubber .
i always wondered why there was no cars parked out front ... and now i know why .
beware : eat at this place at your own risk !

-1
i have n't been in this gym , my experience is simply customer service related .
working in that field currently , their employees could use some training .
just called to cancel as the pure fitness i used to love going to is now closed and there are no locations near my house .
it 's been about a year and i 've been paying the monthly fee , i know , i know , , , my own problem .
so today i decided i should finally pro-active and cancel my account .
a friend said she did it through their website .
i could n't log in , so i called this location to get help , the guy who answered the phone said the greeting so fast i did n't even get his name .
then swore up and down that it 's absolutely impossible to cancel on the website , i asked `` even though my friend did that exact thing ? ``
he said i could talk to the manager about it .
my compliant with his customer service was that every time i had a question or was talking i could hear him , over and over again , sigh and take a deep long breath , and sigh as if i was just wasting his precious seconds at the front desk of a gym .
poor customer service .
once i got the manager on the phone she was helpful enough and canceled my account `` as a courtesy `` over the phone .
had it not been for this dude 's constant sighing over me as i talked ( very obvious by the way ) , i would n't have even written a review .
if phone service sucks , imagine what it must be like in person .

-1
not a sports bar !
said they would have nfl draft on .
interupted it it for bar trivia .
food was ok but slow .
beer was very warm .

-1
i went here for my sisters birthday , with 5 adults 2 kids and an infant .
the food was ok but the service was extremely horrible , we were here at 1 p.m. there was 5 other tables in the restaurant filled the rest was empty , i would assume they would give us decent service for the price of the food but that is asking way to much .

-1
i actually visited this place twice in one day .
both were fairly bad experiences .
the first time , the bar was empty so i sat by a table and it took a good while before i got a menu , or was asked what i wanted .
it also took awhile to just get a beer .
i ordered a simple meal and one beer and still did n't get to leave for over an hour !
i had to go to the bartender b/c the waiter was nowhere to be found and the manager had to cash me out .
i came back later that day , and literally stood in a packed bar for over 1â 1/2 hours .
after being told by the hostess that a waitress is serving the area , i never once was offered a beer or anything to drink .
the waitress in the area just ignored me .
their service is the worst i 've ever seen in my entire life .
blue 32 in hermosa is much better .
i will never go to this bar again nor will i endorse it for anyone .
it 's the worst bar in scottsdale as far as i 'm concerned .

-1
this is the biggest scam !
how is this a weight loss clinic with no scales ? !
they just ask you what you weigh ?
scam !
he said i would get my meal plan , exercise and recipes within a couple days .
but it came in a couple of weeks .
the groupon said you get a special type of imaging .
well when i asked about it he said he did n't have the equipment for it and looked at me as though it was wrong to ask .
this company need to be shut down !

-1
at the very best they apply lotion .
there is nothing close to a massage and your much better off finding a good independent therapist who has experience and does n't just rub you .
by the time you tip them and listen to all the up-sell sermons it 's pathetic .
basically everyone that works here responded to one of the massage school ads you see on tv ; now they 've got a huge debt from school and must work at massage envy until they give up or burn out and the next class of students comes in .
once you get signed up on their monthly program it is near impossible to get off .
you ca n't call , you ca n't email , you must fill out their form .
update 5/11/2013 - today i got a letter from some attorney asking me to join a class action lawsuit against la fitness .
the complaint is based on laf 's business practices and making it difficult to cancel a membership , and continuing to bill ex-clients after they cancel their membership .
as i read the complaint i thought wow , you could take out the name la fitness and insert massage envy in the lawsuit .
why companies want to make it so difficult to not do business with them .
it 's like trying to find an exit in a hotel in vegas , you can get out but they 're going to make it a pain .
massage envy , you may make a few hundred dollars near term , but it will cost you in the end .

-1
well i entered this place and i was thinking wow i am i getting old the music is so loud ... no it really was i could hardly talk to my dinner guest i ordered a kilt lifter draft and looked over the menu ... i ended up going with the cheeseburger sliders ( mini char-grilled burgers , topped with sautã©ed onions and melted cheddar , served on a slider roll with au jus .
plus an order of the gorilla wings hot one dozen served with buttermilk ranch ... well let 's just say this was one bad meal sliders were dry and thank god for the au jus ... the wings were so rubbery i could only eat 3 and that was tough i am not one to say this but for $ 20 bucks worth of food make it taste like ... i will not be back to this place dan majerle might want to roll down there and try the food behind his name .

-1
we have tried this place a couple times and i do n't see what the big deal about it is .
the food was n't very good .
i 've had better at some of the take out places .
i would n't recommend it .

-1
not like it !
terrible services expensive and they charge me for chips n salsa even when they said is free

-1
i would like to start out by saying i 've been a member of this gym for over 4 years and just recently canceled my membership .
this gym started out terrific !
it was always clean , not super crowded and everything was new !
if something broke it was always fixed in a timely manor .
there always used to be cleaning people around wiping down the machines , now there is no one .
recently , things that break take weeks to get repaired or just are taken away all together without being replaced , leaving awkward gaps .
the cubbies in the front never work , and fill up fast leaving you to carry your stuff around , unless you bring your own lock for the mens/womans locker rooms .
one of the worst parts is their air conditioning .
i do n't know about you but when i go to they gym i do n't like to be sweaty before i even start working out .
i would go at 5 am and the temperature would already be pushing 85 degrees .
this makes it obnoxious to use in the summer months .
i mentioned this to the staff everyday for my last 3 weeks .
some of the staff would say `` oh .
.
i 'll ask the janitor to look into it . ``
some would say `` well the thermostat says 79 here in the front . ``
, i do n't even keep my house at 85 .
if your a person who likes to work out after work good luck finding parking here or even a machine to use .
this place gets packed from 4-8pm , which sends the temperature at the gym into the upper 80 's .
gross !
you literally have to park in a different parking lot , and have to wait to use an elliptical/treadmill , and your lucky if the machine you get on even works properly .
overcrowded to the max !
the bonus side of this gym : they offer free child care and free classes .
i have never used the child care because i do n't have children but it 's pretty nice that they offer it .
i think you can only go during certain hours because whenever i was there i always heard them announcing that the child care was closing .
i would double check before going .
the classes are free but i never actually went to any because you have to sign up weeks in advance since they fill up quickly .
overall , i think 24 hour has potential but they need to focus more on client happiness and be less membership sell happy .

-1
you can call this place mulligan 's , or maloney 's or baloney and cheese , but either way , it blows as hard as the water spout of moby dick .
it could be the worst bar i have been to in phoenix .
( and i 've been to the break room ) i do n't know what this bar is trying to be ?
a pub , a dance club , a dive ?
talk about identity crisis .
between the attendant in the small bathroom , and scantily clad waitresses , and the abysmal music , this place is a cross section of all that is wrong with scottsdale bars .
let me explain : 1 .
the bathroom is small , do we really need a guy handing out paper towels ?
i do n't see the need for this at all in a place like mulligan 's 2 .
they play the worst combination of dance / r & b and rap music .
people proceed to `` dance `` on the patio , ( which is no dance floor , it 's made of brick ) and basically create fodder for the occasionally joke , or innuendo to be thrown around by people like me .
i associated the dance floor with a train unloading cattle .
it seemed like steer were being brought down a ramp of train car , and my friends and i were bidding on each one .
as the inebriated cattle walked by , we were appalled by their excessiveness and complete disregard for themselves .
stupid cattle .
if i had a cattle prod , this would have been an ideal time to zap them into early retirement for the evening .
i would have been doing the entire town a favor .
3 .
this place is dark , and has a pub atmosphere , but is trying to be a dance club .
mulligan 's suffers from the $ 30,000 millionaire syndrome , as many young scottsdalians do .
on the outside you may be wearing hugo boss , but inside you are just a 27 year old insurance analyst .
i would n't set foot in the place again .
i am so defiant , the cia would have to drug me and drag my hooded and shackled to this place .
i may even avoid the entire area this bar surrounds .
like a chernobyl , this place has leaked radiation and everything around is contaminated .
best line of the night from my friend `` this is n't a conducive environment . ``

-1
i used to eat here all the time till i realized they use trans fat in everything ! ! ! ! ! !
they use as much if not more than fast food places ! !
http : //www.dietfacts.com/html/nutrition-facts/cheesecake-factory-chocolate-mousse-cheesecake-7-inch-pre-packaged-43107.htm http : //www.thedailyplate.com/nutrition-calories/food/cheesecake-factory/banana-cream-cheesecake 1,560 calories and 84g of fat for their carrot cake , and 1080 cal , 71g fat , and 100 carbs for a slice of chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake .
and those are far from being the only unhealthy items on the menu .
seemingly innocent entrees like salads and sugar free cheesecake can also be calorie-packed diet-wreckers .
for example , rumor has it that the cheesecake factory 's chinese chicken salad clocks in at about 1,600 whopping calories .
and the 6 carb original cheesecake has 610 calories and 57g of fat .
disgusting ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

-1
this review is in regards to the lack of customer service we just received .
we would have liked to have ordered a cake from this particular location .
however , they were booked for delivery which is fine .
the employee , actually hung up on me instead of ending a phone conversation politely .

-1
very good food ... service is rather snotty .
i 've had things thrown in bags and never a thank you .
i 've waiting 10 minutes for soup with nobody in the place .

-1
ugh , this place is just terrible .
it tries to be high-end but has nothing going for it -- not even that view of the ugly fake lake .
definitely not worth the hefty price tag !
we had a 6:30 reservation that night and they had already run out of the rib appetizer by the time we got there .
when i ordered a salad and soup as an entree , they told me i should n't do it because the two plates `` would n't fit next to each other . ``
i persisted , and they made it seem like a huge inconvenience -- but when the plates came out , everything fit just fine .
my mom 's salad was wilted and my lobster chowder was bland with absolutely no taste .
the salmon entree was dry and the carne ranchero annoyingly chewy .
we really could n't get out of here quickly enough , and ended up snacking in our hotel room afterwards !

-1
this hotel is a shit hole and so is phoenix .
the area reminded me of a shittier version of stockton surrounded by cacti .
our rooms smelled like piss and sweaty gym socks .
the check in clerk told us we have a view of mcdonalds as if it was a selling point .
oh shit a view of mcdonalds ?
sign me up !
i slept in nasty sheets that had questionable looking stains ( cum and blood ) .
my friends bed looked liked patrick bateman played fun with hookers and coat hangers the night before .
also , house keeping did n't replace my blood stained towel i used to clean my bloody nose with .
short version : phoenix hotel , blood and cum stains , sweat .

-1
i ca n't comment on the food because we did n't get that far .
the place had a less than pristine feel when we walked in , but we were willing to overlook that .
it was when we watched the hostess toss her hair around ( literally bending over at the waist to flip it forward then all the way back ) and proceed to put her hair up in a ponytail , take it out and then repeat the process , that we decided we did n't have the stomach to eat there .

-1
my step mom bought a groupon for this place .
waiter did n't know menu at all and had no idea if salads came with what my parents ordered .
my dad ordered shrimp tempura and it was served without any sauce .
step mom ordered katsu and it was served without rice or sauce .
after asking for each item , we eventually got the sauces and rice .
the food was also served on a doily which made no sense as you 're supposed to put sauce on it .
i ordered teriyaki and it was pretty bland in taste .
the rice was long grain rice , not short grain sticky rice .
i did n't try any sushi , but i bet they use long grain for the sushi too .
food was meh , service was terrible and waiter did n't have a clue .
however , to the reviewer who had the udon and was complaining about the raw egg , having a raw egg cracked in your udon is completely normal ...

-1
one of the illegals they have working there broke my driver 's seat ( the upper back part ) and when i brought it to the manager 's attention they of course said they were n't liable .
i do n't know if the guy did it on purpose or not , but it definitely was not broken before i took the car to them , and to break it at that point in the seat i imagine you would have to put a lot of pressure on it .

-1
the food is over priced for the size of portion that is received .
also no chips and salsa except on friday and saturday night .
but the worst thing is the owner .
he is such a rude jerk .
i have dined here for the last time .

-1
i went to two different david 's bridals as a bride with an appointment .
both times no one helped me - they had `` other `` appointments they needed tending to .
they did not have suggestions or any dresses in my size for me to try on .
the dresses i found on line were never available in the stores and no one returned my class .
it was really an awful experience and i 'm very glad i bought my dress somewhere else .

-1
my normal hair guy does n't work on saturdays and fantastic sam 's was in the area that we had some running around to do so i thought , why not ?
well i have to say that i received the worst hair cut i have ever paid for .
.
i asked for the most simple of hair cuts , a same length bob .
i left pretty happy as i was excited to have my hair short again but my hair was wet when i left and i was not able to see that i had many random lengths , an extreamly uneven hair cut .
my husband had to trim up my hair so i did n't look like a fool at easter dinner .
my husband did a much better job than the `` professional `` .
all in all i would advise to never get your hair cut that this fantastic sam 's as they are far from fantastic .

-1
there 's no music allowed , and the blinds are always closed .
very depressing !
the guy who owns it is very condescending and arrogant .

-1
here 's the fox business model : 1-cease distribution of coupons for several months 2-post flyer inside offering something closer to a reasonable price than a special deal 3-deny customers the price on the window , saying `` oh , that 's only if you have a coupon `` so i can confirm it 's definitely not worth the prices they normally charge .
specialties cost as much as what you can get at a place like barro 's or old chicago ... but not half as good .
all that aside , i 'll go to a place that actually charges the prices they advertise .

-1
drove to this place from glendale this past friday .
got there about 5:30 pm and not that many people there .
we ordered .
had to remind the waitress about the lemonade since it took awhile and she was texting at the counter .
thought it would be freshly squeezed because of the wait time -- nope .
took hours for the food .
waitress and cook yelling at each other in the kitchen .
someone forgot one of our two orders .
insincere apologies followed .
food was ok .
agreed with the previous reviewer ... fry 's fried chicken is way better !
if you want attitude while they forget your food , this place is it !

-1
gross food should be on the tv show restaurant impossible .
if you disagree please eat at olive garden , old spaghetti factory , babbo 's , time square , or probably any other phoenix italian restaurant .

-1
did like standing in line to look at pictures on the wall to get a costume .

-1
this place is old , furniture is ugly , rooms are dark and smelly .
add to that the manager was really rude ... this was the worst part of the phoenix trip for me .

-1
terrible pho .
the broth was bitter .
tai meat was overcooked not tai at all .
the place was nicely decorated and waiter was friendly .
if you do go here , have something other than pho .

-1
whenever i get my food - it 's cold !
i do n't know why i ever go there ? !
i keep hoping it 'll turn around - like the others .
this is expressly a frosties only location for me .

-1
looks like i 'm one of the few guests who was n't `` dazzled `` by this resort , which i suppose is a good thing .
we stayed there for just one night ( thankfully ! )
in early summer and i can definitely say it will be the last time .
the rooms were halfway decent , but only somewhat better than a $ 39 howard johnson .
there were so many coats of paint on the wall the doors did n't close properly , and my room had an unrestricted view of the parking lot , even though we 'd specifically requested ( and were promised ) a room overlooking the pool area .
as i 've come to expect from high-dollar , low value hotels , this place wanted to nickel and dime me to death .
i mean seriously , they charged $ 6 for a $ 0.99 bottle of water , and then if that was n't insulting enough , in very small print , revealed a $ 2 `` restocking `` fee ... whatever the hell that is , so all in all , you were afforded the opportunity to spend $ 8 on a lousy bottle of water .
oh and then there was the wireless internet .
you know , the same internet that is free at marriotts , hiltons , and other reputable hotels ?
no , at this dive , they wanted $ 19.95 per day for the privilege of using the internet .
if you wanted to use the business center , they 'd only charge you $ 10 for 10 minutes .
how generous of them .
in hindsight tho , it 's probably a good thing we did n't have a pool view because the pool area was disgusting .
there was trash and sand all over the place , the pools were filthy and cloudy and smelled of urine , and half of the poolside furniture was broken .
all this can be yours for the bargain basement price of $ 129 per night !
in the summer ! !
never again .

-1
a friend bought a red velvet cake for a party .
under duress i took a bite to be polite .
it was everything i dreaded and more .
this time it was also gummy and stuck to the roof of my mouth .
the gift that keeps on giving .

-1
i really want to like zoe 's kitchen .
i do .
i really , really do .
i have been to zoe 's more than 5 but less than 10 times , and yesterday was my last visit , unless i want to stop in for some limeade and chocolate cake .
i have tried many things at zoes , and i try to listen to what others like ... i do n't like their bread at all , so every sandwich i 've had has been bad .
the quesadilla is ok , but i 'm not a big fan of flour tortillas .
the chicken roll ups ( i think that 's what it 's called ) that i had yesterday ( after a good friend 's recommendation ) were kind of soggy and yuck-o .
i do n't like the pasta salad ... or the potato salad ... or their slaw ... or cold rice ... do you see my challenge here ?
the decor is adorable , and i really want to love the place , but i think i 've paid my very last visit to zoes .
so , so sad !

-1
service was exceptionally slow and unresponsive .
owner even passed it off as being ` the kitchen ' , so he obviously does n't get it that service encompasses the entire experience in the restaurant .
too bad too because the food was n't bad .

-1
worst place i 've been to in az .
.
we went to a d backs game very recently and were early so decided to have few drinks and bite to eat before at sliders .
i ca n't say we were completely disappointed because watching the staff was actually entertaining nobody knew what was going on or from the looks of it could read either .
we were first seated upstairs and nobody came to table for 15 + min so we walked over to bar .
despite horrible food reviews we ordered sampler platter with sliders mini dogs and pulled pork , do n't make same mistake we did .
we assumed maybe people had too high of expectations , not at all i would consider food barely edible i would n't even feed it to my dog .
if was n't for our bartender i would of gave it a zero if it is possible .
no draft beers i 'll equipped bars/bartenders i will never come back here and try to keep people from making same mistake we did .
there are few places with couple blocks worth walking to .

-1
it 's a shame that the same staff `` attitude `` that one experiences at windsor , has bled through the kitchen and into the ice cream shop .
this shop could have made a tidy little bundle off of a single retail order for ice cream for 100 people .
i stopped by to set an appointment to talk with someone about a very large order for a party i was having several days later .
the young girl behind the counter was completely baffled .
nonetheless she spoke with someone who said they would be with me in `` a minute . ``
great , i could actually try some of the flavors i was considering for my party .
a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of blackberry to start .
i took my ic outside to enjoy .
after a couple of bites , i came across the dreaded hair ... gag !
i 've been in the hospitality industry for over thirty years , and my hardend heart let this one go .
as i was about to have another bite i saw another hair , no wait two , no three hairs trapped between the vanilla and blackberry .
ok this is too much .
i returned to the counter , and gave my ic back to the girl .
you guessed it ... baffled again , she was .
then she asked if she could get me another serving of the same ic ! ! !
i politely refused , and she never offered to refund my money for the hairy ic experience.this was 10 minutes into my visit to churn and still no manager/ice cream maker/whatever , came out to meet with me .
she asked for my contact information and said that the mysterious `` someone `` would call me .
the party has come and gone , and no phone call from anyone at churn .
they missed a great publicity opportunity and some serious cash from this order .
perhaps it 's best ... do n't think i would want my friends eating a product where shaving cream is more appropriate than whipped cream .

-1
like their competitor sprinkles , tammie coe is just way to sweet for me .
their frosting is heavier and their is just something in their cupcakes that makes me wonder what is that ?
as much as my coworkers enjoy both tammie coe and sprinkles , i pass everytime someone brings them in as i am just not a fan .
for those that enjoy them , by all means i am not mad at ya .
just do n't understand what all the fuss is about .

-1
mediocre pizza , horrible service .
we told the waiter that we were in a hurry and it still took 45 minutes to get the food .
we had two minutes to eat it and it was boring .
then i got to argue with the waiter , so that was fun .
go to the parlor .
it 's got better pizza and way better service .

-1
i had high hopes for this place but my recent experience was terrible .
i brought in a pair of shoes for a cleaning and shine .
as an afterthought i asked to have them re-heeled as well .
i picked up the shoes and the heels were done but the shoes were filthy .
they had a black substance all over them that resembled haphazard polish .
the owner said he had buffed them but when i showed them the substance he went in back , rubbed it off , and then handed the filthy shoes back to me .
there are much better places to take your shoes if you care about the quality .

-1
first time i flew with them , and i have to say i encountered the most rude employee at the phoenix airport .
the airport was completley dead and i wanted to see if my mileage got added to my ticket .
i noticed there was a worker on the phone for 30 + minutes at an empty gate that i was waiting at , so i finally walked over .
and waited .
another passenger asked me if i was waiting and that finally cued her to ask her what i wanted .
i told her ( while she was still on a personal call ) and she quickly took care of what i needed with attitude .
the customer behind me asked her `` se habla espanol ? ``
and she said no and told her to go to customer service next door .
he asked where again , and she snapped and told her next door !
youre welcome !
then she hung up the phone and muttered a bunch of crap and left .
if you hate your job that much then find a new one !

-1
horrible service ! ! !
do n't ask for them to quote you a price before your grooming service .
they will quote you low and then give you the `` but once you get here the groomer will let you know what it will be for sure `` ... once i arrived they originally quoted me $ 47 and the groomer said no its going to be $ 83 ... ?
never will i take my pets here again ! ! ! ! ! !

-1
stopped in for lunch to go .
the waitress recommended the chicken sandwich .
pretty much the worst chicken sandwich ever .
wo n't be back .
to bad as i love to support local businesses .

-1
i 've owned my house in their delivery area for 5 years i 've ordered from them at least once a month for 3 years they still call me telling me they are confirming my first time order every time .
when i 've went in the employees where making mormon jokes right in front of me and i happen to be mormon .
they never deliver on time and the place when i 've gone in is very dirty and the food handlers i 've seen touch their face then the pizza .
i only still order from here because there are n't many options in this area .
worst pizzahut i 've ever encountered .

-1
the worst pizza ever .
pizza dough isnt supposed to taste like wonder bread , all doughy & sweet .
this place is an insult to italian pizza .
these people arent even italian .
just sad .

-1
in my husband 's opinion , `` i 'd rather eat at fazoli 's `` ... and i do n't think i 've ever seen him eat at a fazoli 's in the 6 years we 've been together .
we were enthusiastic to try this neighborhood spot and as a former concierge , i heard a lot about the history of this place .
my only thoughts now are , `` what the hell happened ? ``
we 've been in twice and both times the owner has been drinking in the same bar stool to an empty or almost empty bar top .
the decor and lighting are almost as offensive as the neon-clad place down the street .
the bread `` basket `` is plastic and the bread is wrapped in an unfolded dinner napkin ... it 's stale and dull , like it 's been nuked in that napkin after being defrosted .
the dipping oil is low grade oil and filled with dried herbs ... c'mon ... fresh herbs are so cheap and readily available and taste so much better .
the caesar salad was just gross - swimming in overly bitter dressing that made the whole thing a soggy mess .
the spaghetti and meatballs were so lackluster - the middle of the meatball was cold .
the sauce was bland , the pasta just bad .
i hate that what seemed like a respectable , family establishment turned into this .
we made the mistake of coming in twice .
we 'll never be back again .
i 'd rather eat oregano 's .
in my husband 's second opinion , `` i 'd rather eat prego . ``
again ... we 've never prego in the house ...

-1
lines are still very long and slow here even after 9pm .
shelves are not stocked , and the water i buy is never on shelf .

-1
we had never been to this restaurant before , but it was highly recommended by some of our arab friends .
several people at our group bough a groupon for this first experience .
service was mediocre , i expected much more for the price , the waitress took a very long time to come take our order ( there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant . )
i looked at an empty glass of water numerous time , and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display !
food was delicious though , i 'll give the kitchen staff that much .
when it came time too pay , the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon , charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one groupon per table .
so , not only did i pay for the groupon , i also paid for the full price of the meal !
the food might 've been delicious , but it is not worth the terrible service .
will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else .

-1
this has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene .
two of my friends had food - poisoning after having dinner here .
the food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries , and i am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here .
the service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect , the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11 .
one night i saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands ( great example to the servers ! )
.
i had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar , and it definitely looked dirty .
i have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant , including haji baba , the vietnamese place and others , but neither any of my friends nor i have fallen sick coz of the food .
if you need a spicy-food fix , i strongly recommend you do not try this place , lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day .

-1
loud .
could n't hear the people we were with .
food .
meh .
service was strange .
in a hurry to give us our check when we were ordering everything on the menu ! ! !
we were n't campers !
we were spending lots of money !
we all agreed we would never be going back to searsucker .
also , our friend jim is no longer allowed to pick restaurants .

-1
alright , what am i reviewing here ?
i wish i was reviewing the decor , which is sleek and very cool .
the service which was great , the wine which in this area is incomparable ... but i 'm not reviewing any of that , i 'm reviewing the shrimp scampi pizza , and the linguini with white clam sauce , one of which gave me the rumblies in my tummy , which would not go away until i `` moved `` them out .
so yes this review comes from the bowels of my hear ... well no , just my bowels .
you made them very unhappy .
i give you 10 stars for the decor and the wine bar itself , but on the seafood , my bowels give you -9 .
insert mad face here ... the bowels , not me .
it actually tasted pretty good going down .

-1
the receptionist sonia is uninformed , unhelpful and rude .
she is losing them business .
i called to make an appt and was so turned off that i will not be using their services , due to her terrible attitude .

-1
we just went to the 4302 e ray rd location in phoenix az . .
although the food was ok , the restaurant was in terrible condition .
it smelled like disinfectant as we walked in , and we discovered why .
as you walked further in to the store there was an odor of sewer backup .
after we got our food , we looked at most of the tables trying to find a clean one .
the best one still needed the chairs to be wiped off , and when running a napkin over the table , it came up black .
the ice machine 's grate was broken and laying in the bottom of the drain , and the doors to cabinets below the ice machine were broken and hanging on angles .
i should have taken pictures .
we even noticed that the large plastic cup we got for our drink was dirty on the outside like the person unwrapping them had newspaper ink on their hands or something .
needless to say , we will not be going back to that location and may not do any location in the future .
although many have way more stars ! !
the manager mentioned being new at that store , so i certainly hope he was there to fix the issues .

-1
i went here twice with my friends , both turned out to be disaster .
their siu-mai tasted so weird .
it like they cooked with ruber band or something .
also , their chicken feet tasted not so good compared to phoenix place in chandler .
i would not come back to this place again .
if you would like to try every best dim-sum , i would recommend great wall at 35th and camelback in phoenix .

-1
i went to breadfruit a few months ago and waited until now to post it , to keep myself from saying anything too mean .
i went with my boyfriend and had the worst service .
the server kept just wandering back and forth between the kitchen and dining room without doing anything .
we had to try several times every time we wanted to get his attention .
also a note on the menu .
- i am extremely pick ( i know this so i try to keep it in perspective ) .
i have been a vegetarian since i was 10 and do not like meat at all .
i ordered the tofu , but when it came out it looked more like chicken , and the texture was like chicken .
i asked my boyfriend to try a piece and he thought it was chicken as well .
after several attempts we got the server 's attention and asked him if he was sure they made tofu and not chicken by mistake .
this is where our serves becomes unbelievable .
the guy actually yells at me that `` it is not chicken , it is tempeh not chicken ! ``
( tempeh is a soy product , but is not tofu .
it should not be listed as tofu on the menu ) if it had been listed correctly on the menu i would not have ordered it because i already know i do not like it .
i did not know how to react .
i ended up just eating the rice , and the server ignored us the rest of the meal .
he came back to pick up the plates noticing i did not eat it and did n't say a word or offer to take it off the bill .
it then took us another 10 minutes at least to get him to pick up the bill .
i will never go back here !

-1
let me preface this by saying this used to be my favorite restaurant in phx ... this experience has changed that ... i made a reservation for 11 5 days before the dinner at 730 pm on a sat .
.
after arriving promptly at 730 we were forced to wait 20 minutesonly to be sat at 2 separate booths ... completetly defeating the purpose of a group dining experience .
.
now the bad part ... for dinner i ordered off the special menu a wild boar bacon wrapped bone in beef tenderloin cooked rare .
.
i received a baconless well done hunk of meat ... i pointed this out to the waitress she took the meal hoping to have it prepared correctly .
.
a few minutes later the manager approached the table and informed me they were out of the bacon ( one would think they would know that before the meal was prepared and attempted to slide this past the diner ) .
i was offered a replacement meal , but declined and decided to go with the soup ... this prompted the manager to inform me it was a spicy dish to which i accepted and said it was fine , he proceeded to inform me of the heat of the dish 2 more times both times i assured him this was fine leading him to question my order again at which time i was in disbelief and asked if there is some reason he does n't want me to have the dish .
.
this was enough to finally agree to let me place the order the soup came and was excellent and spicy .
i managed to persevere through the heat and eat the whole bowl ( i enjoy spicy food ) .
this ruined the whole experience for me .
.
luckily everyone else 's meals were enjoyable its just disappointing being treated like that at a place i thought so highly of and do everythingin my power to get people i care about to do it ... a sad day

-1
i would give less than 1 star if possible .
ordered lunch to go for a group and we arrived to pick up we were told by the bartender that the order had been canceled , as they got busy between the time we ordered and drove over to pick up .
he may as well burned cash on the bar .
we will not be returning and had our group lunch at another establishment that actually wants business !
try another place for burgers , there is a wineburger on 16th st and bethany that rocks !

-1
i have been going to this mimi 's cafã© on a regular basis for the last 13 years , but earlier this week , they have completely rearranged the menu , and most of my old favorites are gone .
the food quality has gone down considerably too .
the cobb salad used to be great , but the last time i was there , there were just a few bits of hard boiled egg , tomato , bacon , and blue cheese , in what was mostly just a bowl of shredded lettuce .
and they charged me $ 9 for that .
the manager , who speaks really hard to understand english , did not seem to think anything was wrong with that .
the fans on their facebook page are in open revolt , and all the mimi 's cafã© people can say is `` change is hard `` and that people should try something else on the menu .
they do n't get it .
the burden of persuasion is on them , not the customer .
stay away , at least until they come to their senses .

-1
i 've been here about 100 times and seen some really good bands .
the nazi-like control that the owner , lucky man productions , has on this place always ruins it for me .
pretending to be a `` local indie `` promoter with exclusive rights to this weird dome of a music hall , they charge you and arm and a leg for everything .
ticket fees , handling fees , expensive drinks , even more expensive hot dogs and to top it off , they charge you to park there , in the dingy , hobo-centric underbelly of the 202 freeway .
it 's never a pleasant experience .
for all it 's worth , the sound in this place is just ok , but the sight lines are good for a place that holds 1,000 people .

-1
perk overshoots right past perkiness and straight into impertinence ... so i hate to be the bearer of bad news when all the other reviews for this place are good , but honestly i had such an attrocious time that i have to balance the scales here a bit .
perk is right down the street from me and has been open about 8 months .
we finally tried it this morning .
i am going to have a hard time being convinced to go back .
we started with high hopes that immediately got dashed at the door .
although the restaurant was about one third empty the hostess had a bit of hesitancy seating us and then put us at the one table directly in the traffic route to the bathroom .
i asked to be seated citing the traffic and again she seemed hesitant as to where to put us ( any of the other 10 or so empty tables would have been just fine ) before seating us near the front door .
the waitress came promptly enough for our drink order .
j. asked for water to start and i requested coffee .
she came back a few minutes later with 2 waters and no coffee , dropped them off very fast and took off , i assumed to grab the missing coffee ... and then the wait began .
i started on the water and was a little surprised that it had the distinctive phoenix tap taste to it .
after several minutes of watching the other diners get their coffee refilled j. finally and politely asked if his wife could get the coffee she ordered .
the waitress responded with a very tart and sharp `` sure `` and the coffee i ordered upon walking in was served with our meal .
so , at this point i bet you are wondering about the meal ... it 's pretty hard to screw up bacon and eggs so that is what i usually order my first visit to a breakfast place ( and i just plain like bacon and eggs ) .
the plate arrived looking good with half the plate loaded with their signature rosemary potatoes and an english muffin .
i opened my english muffin to find it warm but untoasted ( yech ) and sent it back ... again , no apology or sympathy from the waitress , just that same smart `` sure `` .
as i was waiting i started on the potatoes to find that the rosemary was non existent and to be honest , at 9:30 in the morning tasted to me like they were cooked much earlier and kept warm .
my english muffin at this point came back toasted so that i could enjoy that .
at no point did the waitress come back to offer to refill my coffee .
now i do n't know about you , but i have certain expectations when i 'm spending 10 bucks on breakfast .
they 're simple but consistent .
bring my coffee promptly .
when a mistake is made , acknowledge it and make it right and especially if multiple mistakes , apologize .
and , when all of that is not accomplished , do n't try to upsell by offering a pancake for dessert .
this is truly a bummer because it is the closest real breakfast joint to my house and i was really wanting someone great to come in and earn my business ... goodbye bycycling to sunday morning goodness , i 'll just continue to get in the car and drive farther for my weekend morning fare .

-1
the manager here ( possibly owner ) is a complete asshole .
the bread was n't cooked and was gooey all wet and he refused to re-make the sandwiches .
he 's a real cheap bastard .
the workers seemed to be in good spirits ; i have no idea why seeing who they work for .
i would n't return to this location if you paid me !

-1
ask for help .
the answer google it not customer service

-1
buyer beware ! !
if you buy a livingsocial deal the fine print will read `` excluding special events `` .
one may think this means a party or something of that nature .
you may even think these events would be labeled on their website .
you would be wrong .
i bought this deal when i saw `` the big lebowski `` playing and thought it would be a perfect christmas gift for my boyfriend .
we we drove all the way downtown that afternoon for the early showing which was n't too crowded .
then , we were informed that every `` classic `` movie they show is a special event , hence no deal .
you would think that since it was n't too busy and it seems like kind of a new niche place that they would honor the deal , but since they refused i was left disappointed and my present was wasted .
this is why so many unique places go out of business ... they just do n't care about their customers and turn away someone who probably would have ended up loving the place .

-1
i went here because my wife found a coupon .
that was my first mistake .
the doctor and assistant where both apathetic but that was ok because i do n't really expect them to be too cheery after saying `` better one or two `` all day .
then i ordered my glasses but had to wait about too long for help .
ok that can happen .
i came back the next day to get my glasses ( they could n't make them the same day as advertised because a `` machine was broke `` ) and after waiting an excessive amount of time the prescription was wrong .
saw the apathetic doctor again and he made lots of excuses .
they redid the glasses and i went back the next day .
i had to wait even longer this time because there is only one staff member on and it takes a while to fit client 's glasses sometimes .
the guy working there was nice enough but they need at least one more person .
also the doctor and the assistant just sit in the back doing nothing if they have no patients .
god forbid they could come to the showroom and help someone .
way understaffed !
terrible .

-1
i avoid this place !
they do n't care about their neighbors and play extrememly loud music on saturday nights till 2am keeping many locals awake .
the staff does n't seem to care about this issue either .
i will not go there until they change their practices .

-1
oh the horror ! !
i can here on a lunch date with my husband and two year old .
we had an hour since it was on my husbands lunch break , and decided on this place because i was craving some `` street tacos `` , and the reviews/pictures looked awesome ... oh how i was wrong ! !
seems easier to number all the issues we had !
1 .
we walk in at 12:10 to a nearly empty restaurant , i first try to use the bathroom , and the light was n't working ... that should have been my first clue .
2 .
we sit down and a few minutes later the place is packed , but for some reason everyone has been help except us ! ? !
3 .
finally someone comes to help , i ordered the horchata since it was mentioned so frequently in the reviews , my husband ordered a sierra mist ( remember it came in a to-go cup with a lid ) the horchata was bizarra , and $ 4 4 .
my 2 year old daughter grabs the free chips .
.
and i see mold on it , then realize the whole basket is full of moldy chips ! !
no wonder they are free !
5 .
a different waiter finally shows up since the other waitress was busy taking care of the customers that came after us ... i ordered the sonora arrachera taco , and told them about the moldy chips , he apologized and took the chips away .
the original waitress came back , apologized for the chips , and said she would comp the drinks , i returned the horchata , and got a sierra mist as well ( also came in a to-go cup , there 's a reason i am mentioning this ) 6 .
after 20 min and being there for 40 and food had not arrived i asked for it to-go .
about 5 min later it came along with the bill that only included the food .
by this point i was annoyed but probably would n't have given it 1 star , so we leave with to-go cups in hand along with food .
i dropped my husband off at work , then drove home .
when i got home i ate 1 taco which was pretty good , the meat was flavorful and tender , i only wished i had some of that salsa to add to it .
then i got a text from my husband ... 7 .
my husband asks `` is your sierra mist brown ? ? ?
i open the lid and sure enough it looks like dirty water ! ! !
seconds later the entire meal ... is in the trash !
vomit !
i gave this place more chances then i ever give a place .
will not be going back !

-1
this place must have an insect infestation .
about a month ago my sister ordered take out and found a cricket in her almond chicken .
when she called and confronted them about the situation they showed no remorse or shock .
the next day she took the food back .
what is really disburing about this is that when i shared the story with my best friend she said she had a fly on her plate several years ago .
i will never eat here again .

-1
i asked for an americano with a small amount of dark chocolate -- shaved , pump , powder , i do n't care -- whatever is easiest for you , although i was hoping they would pride themselves on having high quality , very dark , freshly shaved chocolate .
i was told they wo n't make it .
not `` ca n't `` because they do n't have chocolate , but `` wo n't `` because they know better than i what i should be drinking .
and this from people who put honey in coffee .
i will not be back .

-1
stood outside the store at 7pm the other night while the employees stood there and looked at me from inside .
granted they close at 7 but a little acknowledgement is what keeps customers .
i had called before 7 and no one answered so i ran over to exchange my box .
cox , it 's a competitive market out there .
maybe the other cheaper services out there wo n't be so arrogant .

-1
resoled motorcycle boots only lasted two rides .
when i brought them back with new soles they said they 'd attach them using `` stronger glue `` .
when the new soles did n't fit i said forget it and asked for a refund .
they refused - even after i suggested they probably should have used the `` stronger glue `` the first time .
i 'll never go near that place again and wish i 'd put the $ 50 towards the replacement boots ...

-1
such a disappointment !
i love fox restaurants so i was uber excited to finally check this place out .
we started with the guacamole .
it looked amazing but was bland and flavorless .
i ordered the ahi tacos and they were `` meh `` .
now my guy and i love desserts but were so disappointed with what we had .
.
why bother hitting a disappointing trifecta ?
great decor , great service , boring flavorless food .

-1
word of advice stay away from this walmart .
first off the check out line wait is like 30minutes .
then nothing is put in the right spot then all the worker seems upset to help you .
its crazy and just the ppl there in general are crazy .
just walking to the store ppl ask you for money or try to sell you something .
crazy crazy place .

-1
what 's worse than greasy mexican food ?
cold greasy mexican food !
i ordered the super nachos which were slathered in cold beans and unmelted cheese .
gross !
my man ordered the cheese enchilada , which was also cold and full of unmelted cheese .
in general , the food was cold and not satisfying .
we would have given them 2 to 3 stars , since they have a salsa bar and lots of cheap combo plates .
but the a/c was broken , making our dining experience even more unpleasant .
heck the restaurant was hotter than the food !
pass it up , folks .

-1
still on the quest for good mexican food , i tried this place with a coworker who swore that i would love it .
not so .
we went at lunch and the waiting area was packed !
we put our names down and they called us 10 minutes later ( not bad for how many people were waiting ) .
they have a large dining area and lots of parking .
when we sat down , they brought us chips and salsa and soup .
the soup was yummy .
the chips were disgusting -- you could taste the grease that they were fried in ( yuck ! )
.
i ordered the beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch special .
the taco was decent ( very small ) and the cheese enchilada had onions in it which were crunchy when you bit into them .
i thought i ordered a cheese enchilada but i guess they forgot to put cheese and onion enchilada on the menu .
i still judge a place by it 's beans and these were nasty .
you could taste the lard .
my coworker ordered the chile relleno and chicken enchilada lunch special .
she did n't like her food either .
after we left , she apologized and admitted she would probably never go there again either .

-1
to file a complaint for dangerous , unsanitary , substandard living conditions - attorney general of phoenix 602-542-5763 federal trade commission 877-382-4357 better business bureau 602-264-1721

-1
pretty disappointed in chuckie cheese !
i used to go to one in simi valley california growing up and that place was super fun and super huge !
i walked into this one and was like `` what the heck ? ! ``
it was so small and could totally pass for a dirtier version of peter piper pizza .
was so disappointed !
not to mention when i ordered a pizza , they seemed to have `` forgotten `` about it and we waited a good hour and a half until i had to ask someone where the heck it was !
pizza was as i remembered though .
they need more games for the kids ! ! ! !
and more prize selections !
probably wont go back ) :

-1
i almost feel bad giving ethan allen a single star but it is well deserved .
the furniture is super nice no doubt but for the money and the customer service no way .
i paid full price for my bedroom furniture 6k and was so frustrated was the horrendous service .
i am a young girl granted but i am convinced they thought i was broke just not a good experience and would never go back too bad because they do have potential ... would probably do crate and barrel or pottery or a local place .

-1
i wrote separate reviews for the two eateries here , sangria and palm court , so i will attempt to cover my 4 night mid-week experience this march .
my friend booked online and is was a business expense , so i am not sure of the room charge per night , but the internet rate is coming up at $ 205 per night .
- 1 star - resort fee .
okay , so tell me again what the $ 19 per day covers ?
use of the gym ?
internet ?
well , these are usually free most places that i travel that have them .
as for the other resort `` stuff `` - i wo n't have time to use it , so i would rather have not been charged .
just roll it into the room fee for heaven 's sake !
+ 1 star - complimentary valet parking .
but then again , our room was far from the main area so we never made us of the valet and self parked the whole time , down near our room .
- 1 star - the room size .
we were in casita 68 .
an upper casita room , corner .
we had a view of the golf course .
the room had a king bed , desk with chair , two side tables , minibar/chest thing ( above it was tv ) .
the room felt cramped and in fact if you are sitting at the desk , your roomie will have to crawl over the bed to get to the micro-balcony .
- 1 star - balcony .
some rooms might have bigger patios ( ground floor ) but the balcony off our casita room barely fit two chairs and a little center table .
however sitting in the chairs you would have a view of ... the balcony wall .
not well planned .
- 1 star - bathroom .
okay , so there is a dressing/changing area outside the main bathroom .
and it has a little sink .
but the bathroom itself is barely powder room size .
into that is crammed another sink ( ! ? ? ! )
, toilet , standard bath/shower .
- 1 star - lighting .
the room was dark , all in all .
for a corner room to only have natural light from the balcony glass doors was grim .
although there are three table lamps and 1 overhead by the closet , the room is dim , like granny 's house .
- 1 star - toiletries .
i hate those cheap ass `` gilchrist and soames `` soaps/etc .
and what is with no shower gel ?
two tiny soaps , one lotion , one shampoo , one conditioner .
lame .
- 1 star - noise .
first few nights no problem .
then last night the other guests arrived i suppose .
not exagerrating to say that i could not only hear the two guys next door talking but i could hear word for word what they were saying .
it was a bit disconcerting .
i thought that maybe they had their balcony door open , but then they opened it and it was like ... omg , they * are * in my room !
oh , and the people downstairs - could hear them through the floor ( but more muffled ) .
but could hear the doors slamming from all floors/near and far as though they were in the room with me !
horrible .
+ 1 star - maid service .
very nice non-english speaking lady who gave me more towels etc with a smile .
very quick and efficient at the room .
- 1 star - overall quality of the resort .
this is just not a 4 star resort .
it 's more like it * was * but they got lost on the way .
little things like the 21 % service charge automatically added onto the already outrageous breakfast ( $ 17 for a buffet - and not even any custom order options - all out of steam trays ?
how is that worth $ 17 ? )
.
like the worn carpet in the breakfast room ( duct tape used to repair it here and there ) .
like the saggy quality of the mattress - i wonder how old that bed is ?
would not stay here again , even if someone else paying for it .
felt like a rip off even on the company expense account .
what these guys need is to either invest wildly to bring themselves to a higher standard of overall quality ( new rugs , better toiletries , enhance roooms , etc ) or just make further cuts and be a lower price 3 star resort .

-1
this place is terrible .
when u order the moscow mule they make u turn ur drivers license in .
they lost my drivers license and the manager basically told me sorry and kicked me out .
yes .
he actually told me to leave .
so i got the police involved who actually were very friendly and helpful .
i guess one of the bartenders gave another guy my id who looks nothing like me .
the manager was a total d-bag and has the worst customer service skills possible .
not just will i never step foot in that dump again but i hope it closes down in the near future .
if i could leave negative stars i would .

-1
theater was very warm , service was slow and order was incorrect yet we were billed for things we sent back .
ice cream was warm by the time we got spoons .
went to see batman and this was do bad i think i will go to ipic and see it again .
i was n't really a fan of the office chairs and thought they could have done a better job with the layout .
people were walking in front of us the whole time the movie was on .
i did n't complain at the theater because we are n't coming back and free passes , etc . .
.
would have been useless .
i hate to see a place try so hard to change things up and yet get it so wrong .

-1
i have been getting non-stop telemarketing calls from this company for 2 weeks , over 30-40 of them , despite telling them every single time that i want off their calling list .
this is the worst company i have ever had the misery of dealing with .
please do not ever use this business , so that some day these calls might stop .

-1
stopped to try gigi 's cupcakes after a trip to the zoo with my grandkids for a treat .
they should call this place gigi 's frosting .
70 % of the cupcake was frosting and the cake part was very dry .
before i purchased i asked if the cupcakes were made fresh and was told yes , i should have specified which day i was talking about .
i purchased 2 gluten free and 3 regular to the tune of over $ 19.00 .
this was a total waste of money when i could have baked better ones ( at least 2 dozen ) with frosting and sprinkles for a couple of dollars .
i will not be back !
do n't waste you money !
i am shocked to see anyone giving this place a good review unless they are owners or friends of the owners .
lets be honest people !

-1
unlike a previous reviewer my wife and i did not have a pleasant experience .
we did end up with the home of our dreams only after we contacted the seller 's agent because it was clear our agent was not working on our behalf .
all they cared about was the sale and frankly bordered on some questionable ethical decisions that came very close to illegal .
we even considered hiring an attorney because of this mess .
if you are selling a home , then maybe they are for you .
if you are buying i 'd stay away from this office altogether .
keller williams was able to screw us over while we purchased our dream home .
this should have been a pleasant experience , but it was n't .
do not deal with them if you have to .
seek alternatives .

-1
another review of at & t wireless ... not the store .
this may be a record ; they lasted less than 2 hrs for me !
after 12 years w/verizon i decided to leave so i could get an iphone .
giant mistake .
i called to activate my phone , and was told the activation dept . is closed .
i called customer service , and got it connected .
but then i called mom and she asked why i was calling from her cell phone number ?
they got the numbers attached to the wrong phones .
so i called customer service back , and they were closed .
it was 7pm here .
i dont care what time it was on the east coast ... if their customer service dept ( and tech support ) cant be open when i need them , then i dont need them .
i 'm going back to verizon and im never leaving again !

-1
they do not give you back your change , it is there company policy i was told by bar manager !
they round up , they do n't deal with change ! i was shocked , you do n't get to do n't get to keep the customers ' money no matter what the amount !
think about this ... ... if the keg does this to all the customers with change , how much is that over the year !
.
keeping any amount of someone else 's money is stealing .
how if the customer said , well , the bill is $ 35.45 but i 'll give you $ 35.00 .
deborah

-1
i usually only lurk on yelp but felt compelled to write my first review to warn others about how much this restaurant sucks .
i gave up $ 30 tonight for what might have been the least tasty food i 've eaten in at least 6 months .
in fact , to say that it was the least tasty food i 've had eaten in at least 6 months does n't even begin to adequately describe the horrific culinary abominations i consumed against my better judgment at this `` establishment `` .
when i first heard about true food , i was excited to try it out .
with my pita , green tea soba noodles and chocolate pudding , however , i was incredibly disappointed .
actually , `` incredibly disappointed `` is an understatement .
i was beyond disgusted .
i do not like to waste food so i always try to finish everything i order .
however , i was unable to eat all of the `` noodle `` dish .
if i had forced myself to do so i fear i might have had to make a run to the restroom for a quick vomit before `` dessert `` .
this food is not just subpar , it is a disgrace to the culinary arts in general .
this is some of the worst `` food `` i have had the misfortune of choking down in my short life and yet they have the nerve to charge those prices for it .
perhaps they are charging for ambiance .
the food certainly is not worth that much .
when i had pancreatitis a couple of years back , i vomited bile the color of green antifreeze .
i could not make it to a toilet in time so i had to attempt to swallow the bile .
i can say with total honesty that the bile tasted as good as - if not better than - the `` meal `` i ate tonight .
i would quite honestly rather die an excruciatingly painful death than ever dine here again .
i am not exaggerating .
i will be avoiding it at all costs and advising all of my friends to do the same .

-1
this is hard to say ... but i do not enjoy my visits here .
they are slow , crammed , difficult to get in line , and even harder to find space to wait for drinks or even fix my drink after .
i love sb but this one needs a bigger store and better service .

-1
this had got to be the worst food and environment ever !
the place was filthy , the food was gross .
$ 11 for what ?
really bad food !
never again .
my little brother says `` yuck ... poor doggy `` ... he says he is not kidding , he said it did not taste like anything he has ever had before .

-1
first off we knew we were in for a wait seeing it was a friday night but 2 hours is a little excess .
the one waitress was throwing up in the bathroom without washing her hands .
to top it off our service at the table was horrible .
took 25 minutes to get an ice tea refill .
also overheard the waitstaff talking poorly about our table from the kitchen .
food was n't even that great -- former buca di beppo employee ( 10 yrs ago )

-1
i was in the store for 20 minutes and no one acknowledged i was there .
no `` hello `` when i came in , and no one asked if i needed help .
i was the only customer in the store and there were 4 employees !
the only thing any of them said to me was the total cost for my stuff and then `` sign here . ``
two of the employees were watching the game on tv and the other two were having a personal conversation while they were ringing up my stuff .
i was treated as if my shopping in the store was an inconvenience to them !
stay away !
i 'll stick to the play it again greenway instead !

-1
i walked in one july afternoon looking to check this place out for a possible location to entertain incoming guests to phoenix .
the first thing i noticed is that not only is this place small but the a/c was n't working .
keep in mind that this is phoenix in july !
july !
i noticed 3 small tables and 2 women sweating profusely as they ate their tacos .
they did not look happy with their decision .
i could n't blame them since it is n't everyone 's idea of a good time to eat a meal with sweat dripping down their face .
i struggled to turn myself to the menu since i could barely hear myself think .
for some reason , music was blaring into this small , hot room .
i started to wonder if this was some sociological experiment or stress test to see if customers would endure suffocating heat and deafening music just to eat their food .
i decided to try out the food despite all the psychological deterrents .
i bought a few tacos to-go based on the glistening expressions on the 2 women 's faces .
the clerk suggested/screamed that i can eat on their patio if it 's too hot indoors but judging by the fact that there is n't any shade or even water misters , that would have been an even worse idea than eating indoors .
i eventually decided to eat the tacos in a climate-controlled environment preparing to have my mind blown .
no such luck .
they 're better than your average taco but not worth it in terms of price and venue .
those 2 poor women with sweaty faces eating slightly above average tacos are forever seared into my memory .
figuratively and , quite possibly literally speaking , given that it was over 100 degrees in there .

-1
worst mexican ever ! ! ! ! ! !
do n't go there ! ! !

-1
stopped here after car breaking down at 2am .
walked a mile to this place and was grateful they were still open .
my happiness with them ended there .
our room was vile .
the sheets were stained and dirty , hair on the pillows .
splatter of something on the wall .
air conditioner could not cool the room down , found a cockroach .
disgusting place .
we walked the half mile to the best western and were much happier .

-1
the coffee - standard starbucks .
the people that work here ?
zombies i 've been coming here for 6 months and order the exact same ` ordinary ' thing , and not once have that remembered what i order .
it 's a friggin coffee - plain - same size every friggin time .
one visiting this location should not expect any `` hospitality `` , `` emotion `` , `` intelligence `` , `` warmth `` or any normal service that one would get at a more personal cafe .
get your coffee and leave - and remember , the coffee is n't that good anyway .
this place sucks .

-1
the karaoke host terry is the best but the girl karaoke host i 'm not sure what her name is but she 's more interested in putting her friends on before other patrons that have been going the bar for years hopefully she 'll get replaced or realize that she needs to make the regular 's a priority as well i always have a good time here but she makes me want to go somewhere else and come back when terry is there .

-1
awful experience when there was a problem with the pump after i swiped my credit card .
i tried to use the pump but it was stuck or something and did n't work , so i went inside and asked the clerk to cancel the transaction because i was going to try another pump .
he said there was no transaction to cancel .
i went to another pump and as i was pumping my gasoline , another person pulled up and i could see that she was pumping on my credit card transaction , so i went inside and the idiot clerk would n't do a thing about it after he told me there was nothing to cancel out .
the woman who used my credit card refused to pay me for the gas she stole .
had to get their corporate office involved to get my refund .
what a nightmare .

-1
i must agree with scott s , but i should point out that i 'm probably even less qualified to write a review of this place as i did n't eat here ... i merely wandered in and right back out .
gone is the crowd and the long wait on a weekend morning waiting for a pischke 's greasy and tasty breakfast .
gone is the kitschy decor that gave the place character .
gone are the sassy waitresses who looked like they needed a good night sleep .
gone are the bursting menus full of good eats at reasonable prices .
replacing all of this is a bland and boring decor , 50 % fewer menu choices , and 50 % higher prices .
the place was pretty empty while every other breakfast place in the neighborhood ( we drove past 5 others ) was packed with a line going out the door .
here 's a tip for mr robert mcgrath - if you buy a successful restaurant , do n't make drastic changes and jack up the prices ... in other words - if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
i 'm actually kinda pissed too because i thought pischke 's was pretty good and it was definitely adding character to our city ... what 's there now is just another boring restaurant .
there 's plenty of those around here ... pischke 's was unique to the area .
when i visit my sister in minnesota , she has some really neat breakfast places she takes me to that are decorated as an eclectic mess , but that blow you away with good greasy food and are dripping with atmosphere and fun .
same story when i go to san diego or long beach to visit friends .
neat hip cities have neat hip breakfast joints .
well now we have one fewer .
it 's true - i have n't eaten here and perhaps robert mcgrath makes the most bomb-ass bacon and eggs this side of the equator ... but it would seriously have to blow my mind to put this place back on my list of places to go .
the empty seats told me the story anyway .
before i left , i told the hostess to put it back the way it was .
i plan to actually have a meal there sometime and then post a proper review ... until then , this will have to do .

-1
really !
this was not a nice place .
i was ignored then treated rudely and do n't know what the problem was .
i finally left without getting anything .

-1
have you ever been to a place & walked out feeling like you were ass raped ?
well , if you 're into that , you 'll love this joint ! ! !
the food is terrible ... but i felt even worse because it was expensive for the shit they gave you .
we got a medium sausage , which at any other place is a very small pizza , and it was $ 22 with tax & tip ( no drinks ... just water ) .
do n't be fooled by this `` gourmet `` shit either .
the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .
when i compare this to say oreganos , they are not even in the same ball league .
skip this joint ... and save your money .

-1
okay , in the interest of full disclosure , this `` one star `` rating is based upon the shockingly cruel service we received from our server , and not necessarily the food .
a group of friends and myself dined here on a saturday night ( february 2nd , 2008 ) .
there were eight of us out to celebrate our friend 's birthday .
hana does not accept reservations and it was busy , so we did have to weight about an hour and fifteen minutes for a table .
totally understandable , and i do not fault the restaurant for this at all .
however , when one of the servers directed us to our table and we started to sit down , another server yelled at us to get up because he was n't done placing the settings ( we did not know this ) .
this was the beginning of the abuse .
for the remainder of the meal , this particular server ( a stocky , young guy with black hair ) proceeded to treat us as if we were an inconvenience to him .
he threw menus at us , and would only return to the table for the briefest of seconds to see if we were ready to order .
when it took more than a few seconds for us to poll the table , he would walk off in a huff .
one of my friends did not see the water that the server placed at the end of the table , and so when he asked for water , he was yelled at .
another friend who asked for a side salad with his sushi was told simply `` no . ``
( a bunch of us just shared with him ) .
we all enjoyed the sushi .
my husband did not enjoy his ramen soup ( the broth was really briney ) .
when the server asked him if he wanted to take it home , my husband said , `` no thanks . ``
the server asked him directly if he did n't like it , so my husband said , `` not really . ``
but then assured him that everybody else really enjoyed their dishes .
the server then replied , `` everybody else is welcome back , then . ``
this was not said humorously , by the way .
the server would not let us split the bill on several cards ( although it was almost $ 300 ) and so my friend , who 's birthday it was , had to chip in for us to cover the bill .
you might ask yourself , why not just leave the waiter a poor tip to send a message on the inappropriateness of the service ?
well , because our party was large , gratuity was included .
in fact , i think the server knew this from the start and just decided to treat us terribly knowing that he would pull a $ 25 tip either way .
this was so embarassing , given that this was a friend 's birthday .
i had a cake waiting in the car that i was going to ask the restaraunt if they would let me serve .
given how mean the service was , we decided to abandon that idea and just head across the street to mary coyles for dessert .
it 's wierd , i 've encountered bad service before , but never just downright cruel .
i 'm wondering if the owners know about this guy 's behavior ?
so all in all : good sushi , but not worth the abuse .
maybe this is a better restaurant for one or two people to just sit intimately ?
i 'm really bummed about my experience since i had read really positive reviews .

-1
do n't try to use your jamba juice gift card here machines card readers worn out or never cleaned ... cashier said she could not manually type in the card number or she could be fired .
really ?
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
at least i got a starbucks gift card took my business across the parking lot ... 8/20/13 5:40 pm

-1
i came here during the litchfield park arts & culinary festival .
i was seated by a young girl who apparently didnt tell anyone so i was then accused of sneaking in & seating myself !
the waitstaff was then rude & innattentive to me .
one of them was apologetic but i dont think i 'll be back .

-1
so i love serranos and when i come to az to visit family i usually always eat there once .
on this particular trip my family wanted brunch instead of dinner so i suggested brunchies .
terrible call .
we were seated at a table and helped by an elderly woman who seemed nice enough .
5 minutes in we have no water , silver wear , or our order taken .
10 minutes in we finally place our order .
30 minutes in we still have not received our food or the basket of sugar chips ( which are good ) even though people around us who arrived later have all got theirs .
i ask for an update and i 'm told the food will be right out .
10 minutes later i ask again and they say its only two minutes away but at this point we are going to be late for a wedding i have to attend and ca n't wait any longer .
we leave having eaten nothing .
i 've worked in th restaurant industry a long time and can say this experience ranks near the top of my worst ever list .
usually if an order is taking too long someone made a mistake , which is fine when a manager explains the hold up and often times even offers a free appetizer or something while you wait .
it was over 40 minutes from the time we ordered until we left and not once die we receive an apology , explanation , or just an update from our server or a manager .
i will never recommend brunchies to anyone .

-1
a

-1
just went in and had the absolute worst customer service ever at subway .
just because you probably got stuck working a sunday night does n't mean you have to emit that bitterness to the customer .
i walked in and waited forever for someone to come out from back .
then someone finally came and this skinny white dude did n't even acknowledge my prescence .
no hi , nothing !
long story short the kid made my sandwich with attitude .
never makes for a yummy sandwich !
now it 's a shit sandwich which i 'm still going to eat because i 'm hungry !
ha .
then he checks me out and does n't even hand me my sandwich and bag , i had to practically reach over the counter to get it .
maybe if you 're so unhappy with your life you should do something about it !

-1
horrible , unpleasant staff , food is bland and over cooked , stay away !

-1
i question whether these reviews are real .
these reviews seem faked .
one person is declaring how they want to get a naiil in their tire to go back .
these reviews should be analyzed by yelp .
my experience was negative .

-1
so after the phoenix 10k we decided to check this new joint out .
btw , my performance on the run was pretty pathetic .
anywho , the restaurant was in this old shopping center , the ones that have parking really close to the road .
you had to order at the counter and choose where ever you wanted to sit .
there was quite a big outside seating area in the back of the joint .
we started off with biscuits & gravy .
it was disgusting .
its like someone opened a can of gravy they probably serve at a nursing home and poured it on pretty sad looking biscuits .
for breakfast i ordered a breakfast burrito with six toppings on it ; sausage , cheddar cheese , jalapenos , ham , onions , and peppers .
even with all those toppings the burrito was quite small and pretty bland in taste .
the decor was pretty hippyish ... no surprise ... i liked it .
wo n't go back or recommend it to anyone .

-1
this place blows .
( with a capital ` b ' ) the food that was supposed to be served hot arrived at our table cold ( very cold ) .
our table was dirty and from my seat looking at the kitchen , it did n't appear too tidy either .
the service here was so poor that we simply left the restaurant and paid for only the drinks we had ordered .
wan na be ignored ?
looking for an absent waiter and arrogant host ?
looking for a less than clean dining enviroment ?
then look no further .
they might have ` great deals ' on food ... if you consider awful service , nasty dining conditions and food that would be below par even in a federal prison a great deal .

-1
this was a very poor experience for me .
they were over three hours late and the price went up once the owner and his helper showed up .
i stayed in the room to make sure all parts were there and unbroken and i went to unpack in another room .
the owner used glue the felt down , but he over sprayed and got glue on the floor and pool table .
he did tell me to use goo gone to remove it , but why not put a tarp down .
he then left with my q-ball and when i asked him for it denied having it .
i asked to go through his tools and found it .
after they left i realized they had split the side rail and because he works in cash only i was out of luck ... steve

-1
this has been the very first time yelp has failed me .
there is no reason this restaurant merits anywhere close to a four star average .
i seem to think that people around here would n't know good mexican if it hit them ( bit them ? )
.
i tried it after it first reopened at its current mill ave location and the food was horrible .
very bland and kind of cold .
i have since stayed away , but after reading some very good reviews here on yelp i decided to go back .
i had the enchilada , taco , beans and rice combo ( pretty much your most basic mexican dish ) .
the beans were more like beany water .
the rice was beyond bland .
the enchilada was like eating cardboard wrapped around cardboard flavored cheese .
the taco was the best part with some sort of flavorful beef .
the chips were alright but the salsa tasted like cayanne pepper & water .
this place is just another disappointing restaurant on mill ave. the area must be cursed .

-1
okay , so i actually joined yelp so i could comment on this business .
i purchased an amazon local coupon which the owner refused to accept .
instead i was offered to purchase a tanning package for 65 dollars .
i am unsure why the owner would sign up for the amazon deal if she was unwilling to accept the voucher .
it was a huge waste of my time .
not only did i drive out there to redeem my voucher but i also had to return home and call amazon to receive a refund for the voucher i purchased .
it is a very poor way to run a business and is a quick way to alienate customers .
even though it is down the street from my house i will not be returning .

-1
the food looked good but had no taste .

-1
dont be from out of town & leave anything in there worth anything ! !
i went with mom to kill time & had a detail which they did do a great job ! !
but when i got home they put all my belonging from my vehicle in a trash bag in trunk w mats etc minus a new cologne i had on back of seat rest ! !
this was mon 6/11 i called em tues and they took my number & beat around the bush told me to call today ! !
well theyre offering me more services , ( which is cool but not my cologne & i dont need any more services i obvisiously can pay for my own ) but not to pay for my cologne ? ? ?
wtf really ... they said theyre not responsible for items lol so if u want to get robbed go there ... glad the thief left my rose gold watch i had in there worth $ 1k + & just jacked my cologne ! !
so please be careful i used them before no problem but i 'm not a negative dude but dont like being taken advantage of ... like id try to get a free cologne which a had jus bought a week ago ! ! ! ! !
super star crooks car wash i will file with bbb toooooooooo .
guess employees are never accountable ? ? ?
customers are liars is there policy ! ! !
plus he gladly took a tip .
so cash & a new gucci guilty cologne yeah buddy

-1
worse excuse for beef noodle soup .
just disappointing .
soup was off-flavor , nothing close to taiwanese noodles were soggy , meat was overcooked like you left it in the broth cooking for awhile

-1
this location has the most incompetent workers i 've ever witnessed .
i live within walking distance , so it 's an easy stop when i want some quick food - i 've been here a lot .
i 'm not exaggerating when i say i have never received my correct order the first time .
last week i went through the drive-thru and ordered 2 large shakes - one chocolate , one strawberry .
that 's it .
i got 2 pumpkin shakes .
are you kidding me ? !
it was the easiest order ever , and was even correct on the receipt .
safe to say i will never come here again and will tell everyone i know how nasty this place is .

-1
a lousy hot dog stand with expensive beer .
four of us went for lunch sunday .
server was great , but service was slow because she had tables outside and we were inside .
ordered brats and they were severely overlooked and bad .
the spicy one was so bad that it was hard all the way thru .
the cook ought to go to ted 's to see how good brats are cooked !
tried belgian fries and they were so overcooked that they were black brown in color and totally crispy .
draft beer was almost warm and very expensive .
food was very expensive too .
food served was cool , probably because it came from a building next door .
we were in bar .
bill for 4 lunches and a couple of beers was over $ 160 .
my summary : a bad hot dog stand , overly expensive , with some good beers on tap ... but warm .
will never go back .

-1
delux is overrated .
i 've had a better burger at red robin .
seriously , fez has better fez burgers and sweet potato fries .
i wo n't be back here .
it 's just overrated and frankly boring .
my mom 's burgers are better than this place .

-1
i live so close to it and hate going there ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the staff is nothing but nasty gangsters who do not care why you are there for ... ... rude , impolite ... etc !
not to mention is always super trashy !

-1
horrible ... underscore horrible .
while visiting scottsdale we happened upon the culinary dropout on the corner of an upscale shopping area .
our waiter highly recommened the fried chicken and the rainbow trout .
ugh !
the fried chicken was too greasy and upon slicing into a piece a river of grease poured out .
my rainbow trout was dry and overcooked with a hard crust on the outside .
it required using a knife to cut into the fish ... who ever heard of such a need with a delictable fish .
on top of the fish were green beans from your grocers freezer section and a handful of sliced almonds and voila ! ! !
you have a $ 19.00 dish without flavor , delicate texture , and care in the cooking .
these dropouts should be fired or sent to retake their highschool home economics class .
i give this restaurant a thumbs down .
there are so many other wonderful restaurants in scottsdale with fun ambiance to enjoy ... do n't bother stopping here .

-1
my friend and i went for lunch today , as it is close to both our offices .
we had never been there , and for good reason after going .
the place has an 80 's decor , that 's the good part .
the oil they fry their chips in must be very old because every chip i ate tasted like i was just eating a chunk of lard , literally disgusting .
the salsa & bean dip was the best part .
i had a beef taco that completely fell apart , and the rice & beans were mush .
my friend had the pollo fundido w/unmelted cheese .
with in the hour after we left the place , we both got sick w/the runs ( think it was the lard tasting chips ) .
i came back to work , and my coworker said he went last week , his girlfriend got the pollo fundido burrito ( same as my friend ) , and she literally got food poisoning , hurled7 times !
wish i would have known before going there !
it 's expensive too , so not worth it .
not recommended whatsoever !
some burros is 100 times tastier & it 's fast food !

-1
the employees are rude and not at all helpful .
i went in looking for a particular item .
there were no customers in there except me .
they ignored me until i asked for help and than they looked annoyed like it was a big hassle to help me out .
they acted very snobbish .
i will never go back .

-1
summary for phone yelpers and the tldr crowd : this place is fast and shitty .
they ca n't speak english or cook .
avoid even in the most dire situations involving hunger .
possibly a good place to score drugs .
this review centers around the carne asada burrito .
this burrito should only be used to play a cruel joke on the homeless as it looks like a wealth of food but it 's really a mirage wrapped in a flour tortilla .
alternate food recommendation would be the jack in the box a half mile north .
situation : i had twenty minutes to rush from the second floor of gateway community college to my car and haul ass anywhere with food .
getting there : my first mistake was opting to go west on van buren .
in the same way a gas station never exists when you need fuel or a grocery store is nowhere to be found when you need milk in a new area ; there is nothing .
that is , until you see la salsita on the south side just past one of twenty used car dealerships pockmarking the road fabled for its prostitution .
two miles was more of a trip than i wanted but i was happy to finally see a restaurant .
parking : if you 're not going to heed the advice that follows in this review and you do choose to suffer through la salsita yourself , make sure you attempt to enter after the actual restaurant .
yes , the used car dealership does have the same color scheme but , no , you can not park there .
i assure you that parking will never be an issue lest la salsita begins joining its neighbors in car sales .
entering : walk past the walk-up order window that is curiously placed in a roadblock creating manner on the walkway in the event anyone is actually ordering there .
continue past the door that remains locked and has benches in front of it on the inside .
do enter through the door that leads you into a deserted arizona room dining area which will then lead you to to the real entrance .
complete disarray .
to your left , you will notice a salsa bar that features some tomatillo based sauce , a red sauce , some green muck , a pot of frijoles ; and a bin of radishes and carrots which served to confuse this gringo .
menu : standard x-berto 's fare the menu is rife with pictures .
a rule many havens of cheap food seem to follow is to have plenty of pictures that look even worse than what you 're about to receive .
whether or not this is due to the lacking abilities of a novice photographer friend or to prepare you for the worst is unknown .
while you order at a counter parallel to the entrance , the menu is above that salsa bar on the left .
it 's counterintuitive but it will afford you an opportunity to do those oft neglected neck stretches left to forward .
ordering : i was being stared at by the seemingly nice woman behind the counter which caused me to precariously decide on the carne asada .
she did n't speak english and my spanish basics were n't helping me .
through pointing , shrugging , and head shaking the order came to an appropriate amount which signaled i did n't accidentally order a side of flautas for 40 or a used hyundai .
service : the language barrier was rough but unsurprising .
since the woman did n't attempt to pull anyone else up to the front , i 'm assuming i was the lone english speaker .
about a minute and a half into the wait , out came my carne asada .
very fast !
the food : living up to the picture was a good looking handmade tortilla tightly wrapped .
there was so much meat that , should it be any good , buying one of these burritos to take home to use as an ingredient would be feasible .
on the side of the plate was a child 's handful of shredded lettuce with a squirt of deflated sour cream on the top of it .
i took one bite of the carne asada and could n't believe how terribly dry and tasteless it was .
there was no seasoning , no flavor , no freshness .
this was meat that was cooked much earlier and sat under a lamp for hours .
acknowledging i was now only eating to satiate hunger and not to enjoy myself , i doused the thing in as much red sauce as the tortilla could handle and topped it off with the lettuce .
one third was about all i could take .
i thought about asking whether or not the frijoles were free since they were with the rest of the salsa bar but did n't see any point .
if i got sick later , i knew i had a sole item to blame instead of two possible candidates .
i chucked the rest of it and took off .
conclusion : i 'm not above any of the many x-berto 's .
from the mid-tier cheap-o mexican food of filiberto 's to the five star cheapness of carolina 's and carumba 's : i love mexican food .
this is why i hated la salsita .
i 'm all about giving even a perceived shithole a fair shake so i will return and play it safe with a combo plate .

-1
i just wrote a review about this place , i think it was another location , and i failed to take my own advice .
i was invited to join a couple of people here for breakfast , prior to a round of golf at a nearby country club .
i was hesitant to order anything but a bagel , but i did .
i ordered a veggie omelet .
of course , i did n't receive a veggie omelet .
i got a ham and cheese omelet .
no one ever seems to get my order right anymore .
its because people who work in these restaurants are dumb and they are rude , ignorant and do n't care !
this omelet was disgusting .
it was cold , there was a huge slab of ham folded inside a runny egg .
the ham was so tough you couldnt even cut it .
why did n't they dice the ham up before sticking it inside an omelet ?
why would you fold a thick , tough slice of ham inside an omelet ?
i think there was cheese but it was so bland , i think a kraft single has more cheese flavor .
the toast was not toasted , it was as pale as my ass and the fruit cup was so small , it consisted of two pieces of melon , a grape and i think there was a strawberry , but i do n't remember .
i fully agree with andy g. i do n't understand what people see in this place - at all .

-1
you 've got to be kidding me ... my parents just moved to the cave creek area and so we went for a visit .
i figured if we are going to the sticks , might as well go all out and hit an authentic southwestern place , so i made reservations at tonto .
the decor is definitely southwestern but way over the top cheesy southwestern .
the food is , well ... , the food is just not good .
i 've never and i do mean never gone to a place where every meal picked at the table was bad .
pork schnitzel is not really schnitzel , more of a poorly breaded piece of pork cut up into triangle slices and it was extremely tough .
spring pea risotto had the consistency of paste , diver scallops did not taste fresh and the calamari on my mother 's salad was like rubber .
and finally the service , what can i say other than the service just flat out sucks .
waitress had some kind of piss poor attitude .
i would have been better off asking the floor tiles to serve us .
not going to beat around the bush and give 3 or 2 stars saying i will give it another try because that ai n't gon na happen .

-1
* okay , this is strictly based on their `` 10,000 egg `` easter egg hunt event this morning .
* it was terrible .
we got there right at 9am so in time for breakfast , ( which was $ 5 per adult , $ 3 per kid ) so we got in line to buy tickets for breakfast .
then after standing in line and getting tickets , we had to go stand in another line to redeem the tickets and get food .
when we bought the tickets for breakfast we also bought a $ 5 ticket for the easter egg hunt for our little girl .
breakfast was not good but not the worst i 've ever paid for .
onward to the petting zoo , cute and lots of friendly animals for the most part .
though i did see a little one nearly get mowed down ( good reflexes mom ! )
by a pygmy goat with horns and an attitude .
otherwise , nice enough and admission was free today .
now , the big event was the supposed easter egg hunt starting at 10am .
we went to the 5 years old and under area since our little girl is only 19 months old .
got there at 9:55 so it was a little crowded but we ended up in the middle of the group .
well the hunt did n't start until 10:15 am and by then we were packed like sardines in a can .
so 20 minutes in the sun and dirt surrounded by babies all the way up to 5 year olds .
not a good plan .
right before they started they tried to shout out rules but the only one we heard was 1 parent per kid .
when they took down the little fence everyone rushed forward , i tried to get my little girl in to get a few eggs but i 'm not that big and some parents were very zealous in `` helping `` .
like the man whose kids were off collecting eggs and he was helping himself to as many as he could carry .
wow , leave some behind please ?
in the end i spotted one lone purple egg and told her to get the `` ball `` , only to have to pry it from her and take the ant covered mint inside from her .
yes , mints as candy for an under 5 y.o crowd ?
seriously ? ?
in marley 's farm defense , they did give us a refund for the hunt and apologized profusely .
still ... it was poorly organized .
some suggestions for next year : - break up the age groups .
instead of 5 and under , there should 've been a 3 and under group .
a 1 year old has a chance against a 3 year old but not a 5 year old .
- make sure the parents are staying out of the actual hunt .
they should only supervise , not help themselves to the eggs too .
- get some megaphones or even a karaoke machine and microphone so people can hear directions .
oh yeah , give directions so people are n't standing in line for breakfast only to find out that they are in the wrong line and have to start over in another long line .

-1
less than stellar food .
absolute crap service at a time when there was only one other party there .
my girlfriend left hungry , because she could n't stomach the poorly cooked tofu .

-1
grrr , you could have pulled the right bike that i specifically asked for .
i do n't think i could have been more specific besides emailing you a picture with pointy arrows to the name of the bike .
what did your salesmen do ?
pulled the bike close to the color i mentioned .
nothing more disappointing than thinking you are driving very verrrrrry far to get the bike of your dreams .
it was like having the grinch steal christmas .
i wo n't be back and thats to bad , i 'm currently saving my pennies for a cycling bike .
anyone need the address to bike barn ?

-1
wow , sorry charlie 's .
i have to give you a star even though you do n't deserve any .
seems as though you can not bring a bag in larger than an average bank deposit bag .
your rude doorman made that perfectly clear .
strange , you 're right on the light rail .
locals will be carrying messenger bags , backpacks , purses as they use this form of transportation .
no worries though .
there are plenty of other welcoming bars along or close to the light rail line .
yee haw !

-1
the 1 star goes to the waiters that were very sweet and the view was breathtaking , other than that everything was horrible , my husband & i along with another couple decided to go there for valentines dinner , what a huge mistake that was , there was a fixed 5 course meal with absolutely no options or substitutes , usually fixed menus at least gives an option to choose between 2 or 3 , but not this place .
there was alot of dairy and pork on the menu , where my husband could not eat , so they tried to bring something else , but it was awful , we asked for bread , it was soft but they were simple dinner rolls , nothing special , in other words we just kept ordering more bread because the food was just plain nasty , i mean come on , one of the courses was a pear with mascarpone cheese inside , maybe there are a few people who may like that , but i know that majority would never order that , how can they add that to a fixed menu , its beyond me ! ! ! !
the main course was a steak , which was burnt but raw inside , i mean it was so chewy where my jaw started to hurt me , at that point i could n't stay quiet anymore so i complained to the server and he seemed to sympathize with me , and gave me a look like i was not the 1st one to complain that night , another server said that their menu is so much better on a regular night , but that didnt matter to us because we were already there , they did try to compensate and brought out a few extra pieces of lobster but the worst part was ofcourse the bill , we paid wayyyyyy too much and i felt horrible because i made the reservations .
safe to say i will not be returning to that place , and i was veryyyy disappointed , probably would have had a better meal at mcdonalds or something .

-1
the marquee sucks .
drinks are waayyyyy too expensive , the security are dicks to everybody ... even if you 're 100 % sober , they 'll look for a reason to kick you out once you 've paid a gajilllliiiiooonnn dollars for everything .
basically , they can suck it .

-1
cafepino takes every opportunity possible to inflate your bill .
our server asked us if we would like bread brought to to the table and then added $ 2.50 to our bill for it .
the specials were read to us .
i ordered the salad that was on special that was described as , `` mixed greens topped with warm grilled seasonal vegetable and chicken breast .
imagine my shock when i received the bill and was charged $ 19.50 for salad ! !
i was billed $ 15.00 for salad and an additional $ 4.50 for the chicken !
i went in for a quick bite with my two kids before a movie and ended up with a $ 75 bill ! ! !
will never go back .

-1
20 minutes for a california wrap and a lukewarm maca warroir mocha with chocolate all over outside of the cup at a cost of $ 20 .
no thanks .

-1
this place is atrocious , there prices are higher than all their sister stores and do n't include rice and beans in their combo 's .
while i was eating there the staff apparently thinks that no one knows spanish and was swearing like there was no tomorrow ... including someone who appeared to be a manager .
i will never step foot in here again , rather going to the much better quality sister store in peoria off of union

-1
it 's too bad you can rate a store zero stars .
dillards is by far the worst store on the mall - especially the shoe department .
every time in the last 2 years i have walked through , not one person has even looked at me .
i tried to get a pair of sale shoes the other day , but they did n't have my size , and the girl told me there was `` no way `` she could look to see if another store had them .
we send people to the moon and you ca n't even look for a pair of shoes .

-1
it 's peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
it 's peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
it 's peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
peanut butter jelly time ! ! !
this is what i expect most of the douchenozzles and their accompanying dirty vagina'ed amigas have on an endless , thousand-decibel-loop inside their pea-brains as they lean like euro-cholos here at loco patron , never really acknowledging each other until the battle call `` jagershots jagershots jagershots `` , is signaled to the witless congregation , first as a question , then as an affirming statement , and finally a rallying yell , like a slow-clap-progression in a john hughes movie .
if this is you , take your hand and slap some sense into yourself ... you are annoying the piss out of me as i stand there drinking my shitty beer in a crappy version of mexican chili 's .
i 've been to a ton of lame bars -lsb- ha !
`` bar `` ... its a restaurant , tools -rsb- around these parts and those parts , and boy-o , this one sweeps the major categories .
food : garbage crowd : warped service : autistic atmosphere : kill me overall experience : al-qaeda

-1
i was really hungry for lunch and craving hummus ... too bad that i was n't able to eat here because i was completely ignored by the hostess/cashier .
i wanted to place an order to go , stood looking at the menu , put it down , waited , and waited , and then she walked by and gave me a dirty look , wtf ?
so , i walked out .
plus , the hummus with grilled chicken appetizer is now over $ 8.00 when it used to be about $ 6.00 ... i understand inflation , but the timing seems off .
take your money someplace else .
in the same shopping center is filibertos and c & k chinese gourmet , both of which will actually serve you when you 're hungry and ready to order .

-1
its a fun gimmick but , why would i go back here ?
its not like there 's a paucity of good burger places around .
i realized i could stop when i saw that they just had the same place everywhere , and i mean everywhere .
its kind of depressing , especially after you get all clogged with fatburger .
seriously , give it up .
this place is n't that good , just familiar if you are from the west .

-1
high prices , poor customer service ... no thanks .
they do have a lot of stuff and the store is fun to shop in but i get sticker shock every time i dare to look - i can find the same things for less elsewhere .
usually premium stores come with good customer service but that is not the case here .
it almost seems as thought they make sport of avoiding helping the customer .
anyway , i might go there for the fun of browsing or verifying that i got a better deal elsewhere but i find it hard to buy things there .

-1
great food reasonably priced .
loud dining area .
poor service .
if you are parents with young , preteen children , you might enjoy this more .
food was good , but servers were unattentive , hard to find .
there are better places to spend your money .

-1
this is a review of the champions course at tpc .
overall , this course is a big disappointment .
the conditions were poor with the greens bombarded with ball marks , tee boxes filled with divots .
the course looks like a run down , old course .
maintenance must be on vacation here ... how dare the pga put their name on this course with such bad conditions .
the layout feels like a muni someplace in texas .
the holes , most especially the par 3s , are plain vanilla .
finally , if you come to scottsdale thinking this is a desert course you will be disappointed .
there is n't a cactus to be found here , and the desert is hard pan waste areas .
no desert .
the cart girl disappeared for 2 hours in the heat of the day .
when we asked where she went the reply was `` i went to lunch `` .
hun , have lunch on the damn cart !
there are many many better choices for golf nearby .
i would not return here again .

-1
pretty average food .
nothing special at all .
portions are too big if you 're expected to order by course .
i 'm not sure what everyone is so excited about , but the food is pretty typical .

-1
first and foremost , i would like to say that i have worked in many awesome restaurants that focus strongly on quality customer service and , if that is important to you , avoid this place at all costs .
the sad thing is is that it was the manager , mr. medina who was the worst of the crew .
i came alone , knew they closed in 30 minutes but already knew exactly what i wanted and that i could be done and gone in 20 minutes , leaving them the whole 2 minutes it takes to clear my dish and spot .
upon entering , i was ignored by everyone .
i sat at the bar and there was an employee restocking sugars and such not three feet from me .
not once did she acknowledge my presence .
actually , i believe she knew i was there and did everything in her power to make it clear she was not going to help me .
i then asked another employee , `` may i sit at the bar or do i need to he sat by a hostess ? ``
she said , `` uh , no , ya you can sit there . ``
i subsequently asked her for a menu and she said , `` oh , a menu ?
ya , here 's one . ``
whatever , i get it .
they want to go home .
however , it was only me and i am not a big person nor was i planning on eating everything in the entire resturant ; my food would 've taken all of 5 minutes to prepare .
it was eggs and a tortilla , for goodness ' sake .
so , i sit at the bar , looking around like an idiot just waiting for help .
the manager finally accepts to help me and i order quickly .
he 's shouting across the restaurant the entire time , tell employees , `` so-and-so , you just got another table !
can somebody please take care of these people ?
whoever is still here , you got sat at another table ! ``
that 's all fine and well but not something the entire restaurant needs to be made aware of .
it makes you feel uncomfortable knowing the staff has no desire to help .
i eat my food , no one comes by to ask if i need anything else which i did but i digress .
i get ready to pay at the counter and i overhear this same manager speaking to an elderly gentleman about his bill and clearly the gentleman needed to go back to his table because he had forgotten something .
as i 'm walking up , i hear the manager say , and not under his breath , `` oh take your time !
it 's not like i want to be here all day or anything ! ``
the entire staff standing by himlaughs at the seemingly hilarious excuse for customer service .
the manager notices i overheard him and tries to play it off with a chummy laugh .
above all of these things , more customers come in and i literally hear him say , `` you can come in but , you know we close in ten minutes , right ? ``
they reply no .
he states , `` well , we close at 2:30 every day , `` very sarcastically .
he says , `` well you can sit , but i am letting you know . ``
the woman says , `` will i get kicked out at 2:30 ? ``
he says , `` well , um , no . ``
and so she takes her rightful seat .
it 's absolutely heinous .
it 's rude to be rushed , we are paying them in tips for good customer service and nothing about it was that .
their food is always good .
that 's about the only good thing i can say .
if c/s means nothing to you , then you 'll love this place .

-1
we went to this place twice now and wo n't go back again .
the pho is bland , but the pot stickers are great .
we tried four different meals altogether , and the descriptions of the specials were n't quite what we ended up receiving .
also , the portions are small for the price , especially compared to traditional vietnamese restaurants .
i gave it two stars because it is n't dirty and the food is n't horrible , but i also do n't have any great reason to go back .

-1
okay , so last friday we decided to try out the famous seafood buffet the lariat grill at carefree resort and conference center puts on the first friday of every month .
well .
stick with the saturday night prime rib special .
seriously , what a disappointment .
first off , cold .
the dining room was cold , the food was cold , and the food that was supposed to be cold , like the peeled shrimp and crab legs were literally icy .
it was cute how they had the soups sitting on these little stacks of brick with a burner hidden inside , but the heat was n't getting to the soup .
the caprese salad was good .
dh does n't do seafood , so he ordered a filet mignon , medium rare .
it arrived so well done the meat was a dark taupe .
and it and the baked potato were ... cold .
yeah , he sent it back but in the meantime , i am dutifully eating ( but not enjoying ) the seafood buffet because that cost $ 33 .
dh 's filet was $ 36 .
the server did say dh could go hit the buffet for anything he wanted while they re-fired the filet , but the reason he did n't order the buffet in the first place was because he does n't like seafood !
it took ( i timed it ) almost 17 minutes to get the re-fired filet back out .
by that time , i had moved on to the desserts .
they were okay , tasted better then the fish , but they were all commercially prepared .
and all heavy , dense chocolate .
i would say the little mousse cakes ( sort of like those philly cheesecake/nilla wafer things ) were the best .
a lighter dessert option would have been nice .
we would never , ever go back for the seafood buffet .
and frankly , was this our first experience with the lariat , probably never go back at all !
but that prime rib we had a couple of saturday nights ago was really good .
so we 'll try the saturday night special again and see if the quality is maintained .
was it 's goodness that night an anomaly -- or was the horridness of our experience this past friday ?
enquiring minds want to know ...

-1
if i could give reviews to just the stylist i had , i would give a full and hearty five stars .
however , this review is about the salon as a whole .
the decor is nice but the stylists seem very catty and gossipy .
my stylist did n't seem to be part of the `` clique `` but those around her obviously were and it felt uncomfortable .
also the salon plays religious music all of the time and has religious decor which gave the salon a kind of haughty vibe .
i wo n't be back .

-1
very expensive ... .
not a problem if you get what you pay for .
missing ingredients on two of our orders .
this has happened to me at a couple of capriotti 's locations .
i also feel every time i walk in that your are almost shammed to leave them a tip .
come on ... it 's a high dollar subway .

-1
this is not good asian food .
the veggie stir fry was terrible .
the rice was deplorable .
the hot and sour soup was very good - a bright spot on the menu .
if i was ever forced to come here again , i would order that .
otherwise , this is genericized asia food that is no better than the take out you could get at any mall in any state in the u.s. and , the service was slow .
not terrible .
just kind of absent .

-1
i had heard from a few people that this was a pretty decent , especially if you are in the area , since zen 32 is long gone .
i went here for a quick takeout , a rainbow roll and two avacado rolls .
i was told 15 minutes .
i waited in my car out front and read a little .
i went in 20 minutes later , still not ready .
this was the middle of the afternoon and the place was dead .
i ended up waiting 45 mins for my takeout , i could have just gone home and made dinner at that point .
a manager was even standing there during all of this and did n't say a thing .
the rolls themselves were ok , nothing spectacular .
whitefish can be difficult , i understand that , but this was a sad grey , about room temp , and not very good .
the rest was ok .
i wo n't be bothering with this place again .
in all honesty , ra has better sushi , and thats sad .

-1
i 'm only giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because $ 3 for a movie is cheap !
let me tell you about an experience i had here .
i decided to take my son to see his first movie in a theater .
we chose to come here because if he did n't want to sit still we would n't be out a ton of money !
we decided to see a kid movie .
after sitting there for 20 minutes they came in and told us the projector was broken .
they told us they would refund us or give us passes .
we took the passes .
we asked about our large popcorn and 2 large drinks .
( which for the record cost the same as a normal theater ! )
they told us no issues leave the stuff there and they would replace it .
great !
we thought .
we went home and then came back i think 2 days later .
we went to the concession stand for our popcorn and drinks .
the manager come over and was horrible .
he told us that they would never offer to replace popcorn and drinks .
we were liars !
he then told us that the guy who told us that was going to get fired !
he `` nicely `` made a big deal about giving us 2 medium drinks the he would `` have to pay for `` from his own pocket .
it took everything in me not to leap over the counter .
i felt like he was making me seem like a liar and a thief .
so much drama and disrespect over something that costs the theater maybe $ 1 !
i work in customer service ... at the end of the day that manager was a bully and deserves to lose his job .

-1
not the quality education i was looking for .
the professors are disorganized and can not teach , especially lab .
i end up khan academy or mit open course-ware-ing most of my classes .
in particular , chm 151ll and 152 ll dr. indu mishra will take off points for no reason even for a perfect lab report .
inconsistency in grading , students with less accurate data end up with higher grades on the lab reports .
run the other way while you can

-1
good selection of food , but seemed like the person seating me felt inconvenienced with my presence .
also , wifi would n't connect ; first world problems , i know .
.

-1
had the chicken schwarma .
it was too dry .

-1
we went here for dinner tonight at 5pm .
there were only a few other people dining in the restaurant .
were were told to sit wherever we like .
we had to really look before we found a clean table .
funny thing , there were several servers standing around at the counter talking and really doing a whole bunch of nothing .
our uninspired server asked for our order , took our order , delivered our order and dropped the check without saying more than three words to us .
we ordered a patty melt , chili size and onion rings .
i asked the server if the onion rings were made fresh in the restaurant or frozen .
he said fresh .
the onion rings were frozen .
the food portions are large but the quality is just ok .
no big deal it 's true you get what you pay for .
our main reason for giving this restaurant only two stars was the poor service and cleanliness of the restaurant .

-1
i agree the stuff here is overpriced , but i have a cashmere habit , and i dont mind paying $ 20 for a good piedce that came from a good store , not target or somewhere .
the clot ; hing for grown people is usually priced better than the college stuff , for some reason .
but they are in love with not that great labels -- kate spade etc . .

-1
food was almost average couldve been better had hot wings and fries blah !
.
.
service incredibly slow on a friday afternoon , had to take my tab and go find the waittress to cash out.guess cant wrong with the drinks and bottled beer here ( only miller and coors on tap ) .
sports on tvs all over gives it 2 stars ... .
.

-1
the stand is conveniently located by work so i decided to try it today .
right off the bat , i 'm yelling as close as i can to the drive thru speaker because the girl taking my order ca n't hear me .
but clearly , i can hear all the noise coming from inside which is making it hard for her to hear me .
the speaker box is up high how am i suppose to get close ?
i drive up to the window and i get no salutation and do n't even get noticed for almost 10 minutes .
there were no other cars in line .
and it was just after 12pm .
finally get my order .
tacos not too bad .
they 're suppose to come with salsa , neither one of my tacos had any salsa .
i also ordered chips and salsa on the side , the tiny containers are ridiculous .
these containers are the kind you see at other places where you pack salsa to go .
in my opinion , the salsa was not enough .
the chips are tasty but a little hard to chew .
first few were nice and crunchy , then they started getting dull and greasy .
i like supporting local businesses , but not sure i 'll return .
good luck .

-1
there 's only one reason to go to a hrc - the decor .
there is no reason to go to the phx hrc .
we stopped by during all-star game festivities to grab a drink and check out the memorabilia .
the service at the bar was meh , but the place was packed .
i did n't have the food but one can assume that its like all hrc - a little better than applebees at twice the price .
i was once at a hrc ( memphis ?
vegas ?
ca n't remember ) where they had john lennon 's original hand written lyrics to help !
i sat and stared for a good five minutes , contemplating the history of the thing , and what could have struck him to write those words down in that order .
i did n't mind my overpriced drink that visit .
unfortunately i walked around the phx hrc and thought ` they bothered to hang that up ? '
.
this location could use some help !
in more ways than one .

-1
the service was great , however the pizza was n't the best .
we ordered the `` all meats `` pizza and noticed it was undercooked and full of grease .
i literally could have filled a shot glass of grease with the amount that came off the slice .
the location was great , however during the summer time it seemed a little muggy within the restaurant .
the desserts were great , i had the tiramisu , but i probably would n't come back for the pizza .
i think the pizza is comparable to sauce but more pricey .

-1
hotel room and property were nice , but felt like we were in a police state every time we came and went .
there were motorcycle cops running a speedtrap between 101 and the hotel several times as well as sitting in the parking lot .
when we asked the hotel staff about it , they laughed and said `` oh yeah , they 're always here `` .
definitely detracted from our stay here and i will probably look elsewhere next time .

-1
this restaurant has seriously gone down hill the last few months .
i used to love coming to macayo 's for a dinner but not any longer .
their service was always great but the food has changed the last few months and not for the better .
i love tacos and i love that their tacos were shredded beef with a homemade crispy taco shell .
now the meat is ground beef and the taco shells are pre-made from a box ( all uniform shaped ) .
if i wanted a taco like that , i 'll go to del taco or taco bell .
the last 3 times in 3 months that i 've eaten their food it made me sick all night long .
i noticed the food was more greasy too .
i have tried different things each time but it has all made me sick .
i wo n't be going back any time soon .
damn shame too because i liked this place .

-1
atmosphere - great .
service - terrific .
food - blah .
i had the chicken fried steak , it was bland as hell and horrifically greasy .
my wife had the chicken kebab - it was at once overdone and yet smothered in butter , apparently to moisten it back up .
if you are at all health-conscious , try another restaurant .
if you are from texas or just like bland , fried food with good beer , this is your place .

-1
not a good experience .
party of 5 .
got all of the orders wrong in some way .
food was cold .
server was new .
did n't refill drinks .
did n't ask if we wanted dessert .
if they do n't ask i do n't suggest .
it 's their tip .

-1
first time going here tonight and have to say it was good but have had much better .
seen on the food network to get the rosa and it was ok but not as good as they made it sound .
also tried the margarita was also ok good sauce but nothingi mpressive .
if you want great pizza go to spinatos its absolutely the best .
also the sizes .
are small so if your hungry get two .
all in all its good but you 'll have to wait 2 hours for pizza that tastes a lot like the restaurant sauce .

-1
the beer is alright , the food is mediocre .
lots of kinks to work out in their first two months of being open .
hopefully time will help them perfect the good thing they have started .

-1
i bought at bedroom set here using their no interest financing , paid it off in the time frame .
the furniture itself was ok , nothing wonderful , nothing horrible , same for the service i received .
the problem i have with them was that they closed my credit card after i had not used it for a year .
i received no notice or anything from them , other then when i saw they closed it on my credit report and my credit score had dropped a couple points due to it .
i take my credit score very seriously and do n't appreciate that they did that .

-1
supposedly the oldest mexican restaurant in the area , we were directed here by our concierge .
the place has a kitchy , almost 80 's feel , but it needs some updating .
the menu is a bit too `` american `` for me ; if you expect a truly authentic experience , this is not the place .
i think they get a lot of tourists here , who are used to the more americanized dishes .
to start , the salsa is extremely tasty - very fresh - although the chips seemed `` bag `` quality .
after that , it was all downhill .
two stars is a gift - it 's closer to 1 star .
for lunch , we had the machaca - dry , shredded beef with peppers and tomatoes , and a combo plate of chile relleno and a corn tamale .
the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .
the plates came out so hot they must have been microwaved - not a good sign at a respectable restaurant .
too much sauce , also a sign of laziness and lack of attention to detail .
the rice was not great - not made fresh , and also crisp on top from the microwave ( or taken from yesterday 's rice pot ) .
the refried beans were a flavorless mash of canned beans ; avoid .
the machaca shredded meat itself was somewhat flavorful , but again it appeared that they make it day ( s ) earlier and then re-heat it after slapping it on a plate .
not authentic .
the flour tortilla was huge and actually the best thing i tasted , other than the salsa .
americanized , large plates of re-heated slop .
my advice - find a real mexican restaurant , and stay away from this joint .

-1
we went here last night before dinner to grab a snack while we waited on our reservations at a restraurant nearby .
the place is charming with its 1950s traditional ice cream parlor decor all done up in pink and white .
in the back room there is a half way done kid 's area with a couple of old games .
although the atmosphere is sweet on the surface and the staff was nice - the place lacks in cleanliness .
the floors were dingy ( they need a good strip , scrub and wax ) and the restrooms were hideous and dirty !
i 'm with the previous reviewers in that the place needs a good cleaning .
our group ordered a few cones and while my rasberry sherbert was good - we 'll likely be going elsewhere for a sugar fix next time .

-1
i was really looking forward to eating here .
tucked away in a strip mall behind a denny 's .
nice patio area facing a parking lot .
the choices for the burgers were really good .
the sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was good .
our burgers were both overcooked .
the most dissapointing thing though was that the bun was nothing more than a store bought hamburger but .
sorry , but if you are spending $ 15 on a burger at least make it a good bun .

-1
the mojito was good but it took a long time to get service .

-1
this bruggers suffers from very poor customer service .
the manager had a terrible attitude !
i thought she might even quit her job when i asked for a cup for water .
who wants to start their day like this ?
even the 16 year old kids at mcdonald 's are much nicer in the morning .

-1
this place is brand new , and i wo n't be going back.the fries were small and not very good ! i ordered the bro blue burger ... there was no bacon on it ! ?
what ! ?
and the patty seemed like it was a pre made one you can buy at a grocery store .
way to much lettuce on it.and for the fries and burger it was almost 10 $ !
way over priced ! !
and not very good !
i do n't recommend this place !

-1
a group of us went , and from around the table , it seemed folks enjoyed their food but was n't necessarily impressed .
pricey too .
my chopped liver ( i know , am i like seventy ?
i try anything once ) reminded me of sweet cat food and the bagel chips were so hard i gave up for fear of my teeth .
sweet potato fries , ok that rocked .
i was excited about the bakery section though .
the counter guy was great , patient with me while i basically bought a sampling of everything .
the choc babka was unmemorable and extremly crumb-y ( what a mess cutting it ) , but add insult to injury , i go to luci 's marketplace the next day and find the same babka there for 35 % less than what i paid at chompie 's .

-1
i love harkins but some locations need an upgrade .
for the upscale customers that visit this mall the theater should be just as upscale .
it fails at meeting the customers taste in the finer things .

-1
i ordered at the drive thur , got the order taken and confirmed all the items i ordered .
paid for the food and got a receipt back that is blurred and not sure what they are charging or what i ordered .
oh well , i drove forward .
the guy says hello and then informs me that the chicken sandwich will be more than a 5 min wait so i need to park the car in the front of the store .
ok , the wait was about 6 mins but when i got home ... we were missing fries and a drink .
= (

-1
went on a saturday night after a movie - lured by their `` show movie ticket for 1/2 price off second meal `` .
wish we had read blake b 's review before we went .
we passed by the the place many times before , but this was the first time we actually stopped in .
keep in mind that the lure was the food discount offer , not drinks , so we were there for the food .
bad move ... you need the drinks to forget the food .
it was a saturday night , but the place was almost empty - that should have been a warning sign to us .
when the menu proudly announces that they serve tamales from `` the tamale store `` , it makes you wonder if they actually make food or just reheat food from other establishments .
we decided to try their ultimate chimichanga and the aforementioned tamales .
the complimentary salsa had a nice spicy bite to it , but also had an off taste that i just could n't place .
i kept sampling it to identify the strange taste , but eventually gave up ; whatever it was , it threw the flavor off .
the ultimate chimi was a good size , but was comprised of a lot of tortilla .
the guacamole provided with it was starting to turn brown - indicating it was made much earlier in the evening and had been sitting for a bit .
taste-wise , the chimi was so-so ; i 've had much better ones elsewhere - even locally .
the tamales were good , but then again , it was n't made by the restaurant .
i can just go to the tamale store ( good thing that it 's a local establishment ) and pick up some directly .
the mexican rice accompanying it was a bit on the dry side .
price-wise , it was on the high side for mexican food ; certainly not worth the value even with the discount applied .
ambiance - what ambiance ?
we were just about the only patrons in the place !
fake decor elements do n't make ambiance ( to me , anyway ) .
to be fair , i have passed the place before with people drinking on the outside patio and watching the tv - if that 's what you 're looking for , then go for it .
i 'm stretching to give it 2 stars ... expensive for what you get , and what you get ( in my case anyway ) was n't even something they prepared themselves .
drinkers might give it a higher rating , but do n't expect a lot when it comes to the food .

-1
the food and atmosphere are great !
urban and chic .
we went on a sunday for brunch and had the scrambled eggs and the chocolate pancake .
however , what put a damper on the whole experience was the service .
we waited for 20 min for our check after asking for it and our bill was incorrect .
i was warned about slowwwwwwww service in az . and now i have lived it .

-1
came here for a taco , quesadilla , and margarita .
the cashier said we 're out of margaritas until monday .
unfortunately , she did n't think it was that big of a deal .
i decided to leave , based on her response .
rating is not reflective of the food , because i 've eaten at another location and it was good that time .
unfortunately , i was just very disappointed with the service at this location .

-1
i love the emporium of beauty products that is ulta , but the customer service is h-o-r-r-e-n-d-o-u-s !
and i do n't think that 's exclusive to this location , either .
how hard is it to at least pretend you enjoy your job ?
this last year , the only person i can recall ever being greeted by / assisted by in this store was heidi .
she helped me find a bare escentuals eye brightener i was looking for .
she even went as far to show me how to apply it ( without me asking ) , and ... * gasp * appeared enthused about her job !
i do n't think i would waste my time coming into this store if they did n't carry bare minerals products .
plus , it 's on my drive home from work , so it 's a matter of convenience really .

-1
the store itself is excellent ... if you need fake flowers , something framed , art supplies , weird craft stuff you ca n't find anywhere else , and just a huge supply of every kind of craft item you can imagine - michael 's is the store you want .
they offer great discounts and coupons every now and then too .
what drives me crazy about the store is the staff .
it 's not just this michael 's , it is every michael 's i 've been in - a mix of dim folks operating in super slow motion and obnoxious young people who ca n't be bothered .
if you 're trying to find someone to help you - good luck .
i would love to participate in one of the michael 's employee trainings .
i need to know if they hire people like this on purpose or if they are turning good workers into who gives a crap workers via some process .
maybe it 's as simple as they skim through good applicants and go right for the guy that showed up an hour late for the interview - i do n't know .
will i continue to shop at michael 's - yes .
will i complain every time the employees tick me off - yes .
do i think they will ever improve - no .

-1
new to this area and had never seen this chain before so decided to give it a shot .
the food is good as far as flavor , the issue i have is the meat to bun ratio .
the burgers have little more meat on them than a krystal or white castle but they have a full size bun .
just wish for a little more .
malts are great though !

-1
i 'm not a fan of wings or fried food , it was the only place open at 9:30 on a sunday night , i got a salad , it was nothing special , most everything they serve is food-service that they just throw in a deep fryer .
not my type of restaurant , but for a divey sports bar is okay .

-1
this would be good mexican food if we were in quebec someplace ... maybe i should n't say that , maybe they have quite good mexican food in canada ... but we have excellent mexican food here in the valley of the sun .
many five star locations .
more than any other location outside mexico ( and probably more than many a location inside mexico ) ... this spot is not one of them .
as the other reviewer stated , a pretty good happy hour , which is why it gets two stars , cause let 's face it , a good happy hour can really set up your whole evening .
the food is not good .

-1
i do n't care how many interior designers you hired to hodge-podge together your `` authentic `` southern dã©cor , lucille .
your screen door opens onto a suburban mall parking lot .
porch chairs from the '40s , old-timey chandeliers and your great aunt 's wallpaper .
the only thing missing from this fake old south experience is a whites-only drinking fountain .
guess the marketing folks thought that might be just a bit * too * authentic .
the other thing missing ?
flavor .
sure , you heap on the sides and your fried green tomatoes are tasty , but this pulled pork is dry and boring , there 's too much sugary crap in my cocktail and my biscuit is like a butter-covered rock .
might i add : you mention `` st. louis-style `` left and right , which i do believe is north of the mason-dixon line .
so unless you want to argue the effects of the missouri compromise , i 'm pretty sure st. louis ai n't part of the south you 're trying reeeeeal hard to imitate .
even more baffling , your website says the original lucille got all her recipes from her grandma in greenville .
so which is it ?
it 's neither .
it 's a corporate creation myth written by some copywriter in an office park in thousand oaks who was told to make the brand `` feel real . ``
and it does feel real .
real boring .

-1
food was alright , nothing special , probably could make better at home .
i had the foster french toast and it was bananas with caramel , syrup , and ice cream , not my idea of `` fostered `` .
mimosas were served in pint glasses with a straw .
had to asked for coffee refills .
pricey for a mediocre breakfast .
probably wo n't go back .

-1
i remember this place being a lot better .
i was up at desert ridge and decided to check out one of my favorite restaurants for dinner since it was my birthday .
my favorite go-to dish for this place is the pasta milano .
i remember first eating it in highschool and have loved it ever since .
every time i visit , this is what i order , sans mushrooms of course .
ew , fungus .
the bread seemed a bit bland , but the side caesar salad i ordered with my meal was tasty enough .
the pasta , however was completely different than i remember it .
it was bland , nearly tasteless and the chicken tasted like it came out of one of those microwaveable bags you buy at the deli at the grocery store that has pre-cooked bags of chicken to throw into salads .
fake chicken ?
bland pasta sauce ?
bland bread ?
not what i remembered from this place .
definitely not worth the $ 38 we spent for the meal and i will not be returning ever again .
what happened to the macaroni grill i remembered ?
what a disappointing birthday dinner .

-1
i was disappointed in my last visit , i had the 3 tacos ( carne asada and red beef ) .
the carne asada was really bad ... tons of fat and grissle , i was only able to take 3 bites and i could not do no more .
the red beef had good flavor , the problem was that the meat is cooked in a broth , so when they put it in the taco the whole tortilla was soaked and falling apart .
.
i ended up having to pick at it with a fork .
my husband had a carne asada burrito .
.
again the meat was not good and he did not like the cabbage .
.
it looked old and tasted old .
the service was solid and there are other things that i like about the place ... but they need some quality control .
.
who wants to eat fatty carne asada and soggy tacos ? ? ?
two hippies if you are out there reading this .
.
please ... address some of these issues , i really want to come back .

-1
it 's ok .
the price was decent and it was near my meeting , but i do n't think i would bring the family here .

-1
saw pinback there and will be returning in may to see man man .
the floors were sticky , there 's only one toliet in the bathroom , there was an odor that almost made a friend of mine physically ill and they have a fair beer selection with not so great prices .
it 's really a typical music venue - nothing great , though they do seem to get decent bands

-1
i went to wildflower looking for a lunch spot that had wifi .
i arrived at 11:30 , and noticed every table in the small place was full .
it was my first time there , it seemed a lot like paradise bakery ( which is a good thing ) , so i ordered , hoping a table would open up .
price was about the same as paradise .
by the time my food got there , no tables opened , so i got the food to go .
i got home , opened the food , and much to my dismay , it was quite a bit worse than paradise .
also , no delicious cookie .
next time i 'll just drive up the street a couple miles .

-1
bummed !
i read a great review for this place and took a first date .
we got the thai lettuce wraps which were the most poorly executed bland yet drippy mess ever .
we also got the spring rolls that seemed like they were from costco .
the portion of my yellow curry was small and it did n't really have much flavor .
to add insult to injury , this place is not very cheap .
i really do n't understand what the hype with this joint is .
however i will say , the service was good .
our server was friendly , helpful , and on top of refills ( and up sells ) and the manager was very kind .

-1
this place looks like it was designed by a high school prom committee .
there are a few cool aspects - like the stripper pole/dance tables for patrons ... the paid dancers look a little busted , but from far away and 3 drinks deep you wo n't notice .
from what i could tell , the drinks were fairly stiff .
the music was a strange medly of 15 or so different songs - all very standard and mainstream from 10 years ago .
we were there long enough to hear most of the songs repeat .
most people did n't seem to mind though .
cherry has a dress code - no baggy clothes , no head gear , no athletic wear , and no excessive jewelry .
they do n't stick to it though .
they also do n't seem to worry too much about losing their liquor license as we saw someone slip the door guy a 20 to let his fake id pass .
college students take note .
once inside though , the place was full of ugly fat drunk heffers dancing on the pole like they 're trying out for the pussycat dolls and dudes in baggy mid-90s era clothing and baseball hats .
it reminded me of being in my early 20s and going to shitty tempe clubs , listening to shit music all night , and then wondering why i was going home alone ... now i know why - it 's because everyone was plug-ugly and i simply could n't find anyone worth chatting up .
we had a ` vip ' booth ( it was a friend 's hook-up ) , so do n't think i paid to get in or even paid for my drinks ... i did pay the price of my valuable time though .
this place is shit - plain and simple .
it does have a few cool elements inside though and the location is n't bad if you like being in downtown tempe .
saturdays may be better than fridays ... you 'll have to let me know as i will not be returning .

-1
the idea of a grilled cheese sandwich is a thought of immediate deliciousness .
gooey cheese on toasted bread .
yes please .
ca n't go wrong there .
we came to this truck in a parking lot street fair while vacationing in scottsdale .
sadly , we were disappointed .
we ordered the brie and green apple sandwich and a regular grilled cheese sandwich with sharp cheddar and tater tots .
everything was underwhelming .
both sandwiches could be made better at home .
the tater tots may as well have been the frozen kind .
the sandwiches did n't even seem that hot .
brie is one of my favorite types of cheeses and i found this sandwich mediocre -- the green apples did n't add much .
i paid almost $ 15 for all this and a bottle of water .
food costs were probably $ 3 and i have the skill ( i 'm the worst cook ! )
to make these things better at home .
food trucks may be a ' 10s fad .
this food was barely up to par but it was at a street fair and the guys all had matching shirts and it was a bright painted colorful truck with a menu and social media logos on the side .
i 'm going to recommend passing on this truck .
it can keep on driving .

-1
first off , i admit that i do n't usually do pedicures .
i rather spend my money on something else - like food !
however , my sister was in town and wanted to take me and my 6 year old daughter to get pedicures for her birthday .
we wanted to all 3 get done at the same time with short notice and this place could accomodate us .
they have 7 massaging pedicure chairs in a row .
the wash , trim , massage and paint was just okay .
and for $ 25 per person , plus tip i thought that was expensive .
the service was ugh ... they did n't speak english or interact with us ... only with each other .

-1
i love the look of tammie coe 's vibrantly colored fondant masterpieces .
i love the ooey gooey icing .
i love the moistness in the red velvet cupcake .
here 's what i really , really do n't like : i had a zebra cake for my 22nd birthday from lgo made by tammie coe .
i was pleased with the whole shebang .
for my graduation from nursing school , my mom decided to order me a specially made cake from tammie coe 's .
she requested `` jewel tone `` colors ; emerald green , deep blueberry purple , and a garnet like color .
the lady who helped her was rude , cold , and short .
she told her to `` remember that this is fondant , and those are n't jewel tones , jewels do n't come in those colors . ``
my mom just urged that they make sure they are rich , deep colors because those are my daughters favorites .
welp , i picked up a lime green , hot pink , and baby lavendar cake .
and as if that 's not bad enough : my mom paid extra to have a stethoscope and graduation cap placed on top of the cake .
there were obvious thumb prints all over the stethoscope and the silver from the stethoscope was smeared all over the top of the cake .
when i got home i took out my painter 's brushes , cleaned off a fan brush , and then meticulously cleaned up their mess with water and patience .
as they should have done .
for the price , i 'd expect the tammie coe staff to be respectful and courteous to all of their customers , but especially to my mother .
furthermore , the work should not be sloppy and the color should be what was ordered .
tammie coe did not deliver .

-1
the sushi here is actually pretty good but in the two times dining in , the service was very slow and the orders were wrong .
as for carryout , do n't bother .
i have ordered 5 carryout orders and all were either wrong or not even submitted to the kitchen when i arrived 30 min later .
this is one of the only sushi places in the area but i drive to sakana instead due to the poor service here .
bummer when the food is pretty good .

-1
i went here twice over a few days while i was staying at the hyatt next door .
the first night had slow service but the burgers were good .
so were the margaritas .
a few nights later , the service was appalling .
and i mean as bad as i have ever seen anywhere .
we got seated right away but waited for 10 minutes before getting our drink order in .
then it was another 15 minutes for our thrown together margaritas with no salt or lime to arrive .
and another half hour for two burgers to arrive .
there were people walking up on the street waiting to get seated but after 10 minutes of nobody greeting them , they eventually walked away .
others got seated , waited and waited while nobody came to greet them and walked out without any wait staff knowing they were there .
others could not wait any longer to get seated so just walked in , found a table , sat down and were ignored .
no idea where the manager was .
i was in no rush and watching the horrific service play out in front of me was entertaining enough to stay .
right after our food arrived i ordered another drink which by the time we finished eating and it had not arrived yet , i told the kid waiting on us to forget it .
no margarita is worth another 20 minutes of waiting .
he looked surprised i was upset .
he may have looked more surprised at the comical tip i left him .
no excuse for such terrible service at such a premium location right downtown .
no idea how this place stays open if this is normal for them .
i ca n't say service is like this all the time but be warned if you go here .
give yourself plenty of time and prepare to be patient .

-1
until tonight , this was my favorite local sports bar to go to .
the service has always been great , the food very good , the location ( for me ) is good , they have a ton of tv 's , and they even have an outdoor area and allow dogs .
but management can make really bad decisions that will result in losing customers for good .
tonight was a `` big game `` , according to the fans who packed the place .
phoenix , their home team , mind you , is in the nhl conference playoff series .
and the game is on virtually every tv and the volume is up .
an environment to be expected in a `` sports bar `` .
halfway through the game , they started playing bingo .
bingo !
calling out numbers on the microphone over the game !
people ( including my party of 5 , and we had n't ordered dinner yet ) started paying their tabs and leaving .
i was appalled that a `` sports bar `` whose home pro team is in the playoffs and has a packed house , think it 's okay to suddenly let bingo override the game .
let me interject here and say that i used to be a manager of a sports bar in las vegas .
the owner would have fired me ( or the patrons would have raised hell ) for allowing bingo to interrupt and dominate a pro playoff game ... especially if our home team is in it !
so after leaving i called and asked for the general manager .
his name was michael .
i asked him ... .
.
why ? ? ? ? ?
his answer : `` we have bingo every thursday so that 's what i went with . ``
... click .
that 's right , he hung up on me .
michael , you are lucky that as pissed as i was , that i 'm giving you two stars .
it 's because out of fairness , the food , service , and ambience are great .
you , as a manager , deserve negative 10 stars ... for choosing bingo over hockey playoffs , and for hanging up on a guest whose party was ready to spend close to $ 200 .
get a clue , dude .

-1
today was my third visit to the restaurant .
today is also the first time in my life i left an establishment after being seated .
if i were alone , i 'd be probably waiting for service still .
but it was my mother 's birthday , so after waiting to be seated in a line of elderly people and getting absolute zero attention after 20 minutes at the table , we all got up and left .
the food there is good , if somewhat old-fashioned .
the service is anywhere from poor to absent .

-1
only ate here once -- and that was plenty for us .
sunday am and the place was packed .
waited 30 minutes for a table .
very cramped , crowded , and loud .
service was lackadaisical at best .
all their food comes from some sort of restaurant supply company and is then reheated and served .
not sure where the rave reviews here come from -- must be americans who ca n't live without food loaded with salts and other preservatives .
final tally over $ 40 for two people -- no drinks .
i could have prepared a better breakfast at home with grocery store ingredients -- and i 'm a horrible cook .
every time we drive by the wife and i smirk and cry out our nickname for this place : `` crappers `` cafe .

-1
i really wanted to like qdoba .
the place was pretty empty right off the bat , so bad sign there .
decided to go with the grilled vegetable burrito with black beans , brown rice , habanero salsa and guacamole .
the first thing i did n't like was that the same employee who was preparing food was also ringing up customers .
this is * never * acceptable .
i do n't care if you put gloves on , you should n't have an employee handling both currency and food .
it 's disgusting .
where was the manager ?
secondly , my burrito was poorly wrapped .
i ended up with more of a sphere than a cylinder .
furthermore , the foil did n't cover the burrito , so of course it fell apart as i ate .
thirdly , i did n't order any dairy ( lactose intolerant ) but there was definitely a taste of sour cream in my food .
not sure if it was some sour cream that got spilled on the lettuce ( noticed that on the line ) or if sour cream was added to the guacamole to stretch the amount , or if that 's just how qdoba 's food tastes .
concerning to say the least , but at least i did n't get sick .
finally , the thing that bothered me the most , was that the food was so , so oily .
my mouth was coated with oil for an hour afterwards .
i can only assume the oil was from the grilled vegetables , but it could have been from something else .
truly , i do n't mind cooking with a lot of oil but this was over the top .
i almost get the feeling they had an accident and drenched the veggies by mistake .
you really do n't need much if any oil to cook zucchini and squash .
the water will release and keep from sticking .
the grilled vegetables were the thing i was most excited about at qdoba , but quickly became the aspect i liked the least .
tl ; dr oily food , poorly wrapped , gross handling practice .
2/5 will not return .

-1
we stopped here to pick up gift cards for teacher thank you gifts .
after 20 minutes ( and us calling back ) they came out to tell us they were out of gift cards .
i 'm not sure why it took them 20 minutes to figure that out .
i 've also had experiances of broken stalls , and messed up orders at this location .
we are huge sonic fans , especially to head up for happy hour right after i pick my girls up from school , but we now go out of our way to skip this location .

-1
i was very disappointed ... i love h & m and have never had a bad experience ( as i had to travel to get to one ) .
never in my h & m shopping have i experienced such s * & % ty customer service ! ! !
no one acknowledged anyone and when my roommate asked where she could find a certain item she was told to `` look around and find it yourself `` !
wtf ?
i get that it was opening day ... but come on !
although that annoys me ... the clothes are awesome !
i only bought 2 items but received a 20 % off coupon that 's good until the 25th ... i 'll be back for sure ... hopefully i 'll run into friendlier staff !
oh , and the music was way too loud ... love the music but i may have lost my hearing a bit ...

-1
prepare to be hit with a $ 100 ` pending charge ' on the credit card to be followed up with signing for a $ 19 resort fee for each night you 're there .
it includes use of the facilities such as pool access , internet wi-fi , etc . .
the restaurant had already closed at 9:45 pm on a friday night this past weekend .
i did n't feel too bad about it after reading the local reviews on yelp on the food there .
i decided to hit up sangria 's which is a bar that serves food as well as drinks .
i ordered the grilled ahi sandwich suggested by the server vs crab cakes being that it was ` more food ' quantity wise .
it was served on a toasted kaiser bun .
came with chips , fried potatoes and something else i ca n't recall .
i chose the chips .
when served , it came on a warm plate with sandwich with tomato/onion/pickle / pepperoncini pepper on one side and potato chips ( ruffles style ) on the other .
no lettuce or sauce .
ahi tuna looked baked and very , very dry with nice color and some seasoning .
i recall seeing it advertised outside the bar with aioli sauce .
when asked if there was any sauce to come with it , the staff could only bring me some tartar sauce .
service was very lacking , most of the staff appear more interested in gathering in the kitchen talking or texting on their cell phones behind the bar than making sure any refills on my iced water were needed .
having so much chips to go with the sandwich only made the driest sandwich experience that much more memorable .
cell phone reception was totally gone .
i use sprint and heard that overall sprint in phoenix can be very spotty .
once i get to the car at the parking structure , i receive all my missed calls/texts ( weird ) .
location somewhat far from most shopping .
there is the scottsdale fashion mall about ~ 15 minute drive .
use internet / yelp to find what you 're looking for and plan ahead !
relatively pricey and isolated .
perhaps better suited for golfers , retirees , couples looking for a private getaway at a quiet tuscan style resort .
not likely to return here anytime soon by choice .
my first ` fail ' with a 4-star hotwire.com deal .
one nice thing is that i was able to talk front desk into getting a late 2pm checkout on sunday after a long night of partying in scottsdale .

-1
first time customers .
my husband and i ate here for dinner last night .
we had a $ 25 certificate from restaurants.com .
fist impressions of the place was that it is clean , modern in decor and has a large menu selection .
we ordered two rolls , one order tuna sashimi and the kirin sake bomber special .
the sashimi was okay .
plating was clean and the color / appearance of the tuna was nice .
the portion size and cut was adequate .
however it lacked the flavor and texture that i 'm used to .
i 'm not sure if that is because the quality was substandard or not .
the rolls were pretty much the same way .
the presentation was nice but the flavor was lacking .
the chairs at the main table were very uncomfortable .
service was attentive and friendly .
overall it was okay .
i think i would rather go somewhere else though and have a more flavorful experience .

-1
i went with my parents and the service could 've been much better .
when we ordered the teppan we assumed the waitress would know that it would be for all of us .
she could 've clarified that with us by simply asking us if we wanted to share .
we ordered some sushi and the filet mignon and scallop teppan .
however , she was attenttive on refilling our drinks .
sushi was pretty good for a place in arizona .
however the teppan was terrible .
our chef made it so salty !
i could n't have more than a couple bites .
i do n't know about you , but i do n't like to be annoyed by overenthusiastic chefs or servers when i 'm trying to eat .
honestly , the chef put more effort into putting on a show than cooking the food . ; which annoyed me to no end .
also , if you still go here after reading my review watch out because you might slip on some broccoli the chef dropped while trying to toss it into a diner 's mouth for more tip .
the restrooms are clean though .
put more effort on cooking and serving your customers than a show .
i will not be coming back .

-1
it saddens my heart to type this review ! ! !
sorry lo lo 's but the truth needs to be told .
my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13 .
we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes .
we did n't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past .
well , 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk .
i asked what the hold was .
zoe , the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer .
totally understandable .
the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together .
so smaller party 's were being seated before us .
so finally , zoe the hostess , caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party .
50 minutes later we were finally sitting down .
we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time .
it took 20 minutes to get our drinks .
it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals .
the food was great !
i 'm not bitching for bitching sake .
the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost .
we did n't have that hometown feel .
we miss all the signatures and pictures .
we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room .
lol .
our server did n't make us feel welcomed .
our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced .
it seemed like the servers do n't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience .
warning : if you have a large party , you will probably have a horrible experience !

-1
let me start with , i love souper salad , being going to them for at least 16 yrs ... the problem i have it 's with this location by metro mall ... seriously dirty , the floors , the tables ... the booth , nasty .
i ca n't even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
i just ca n't do this place ever again .
either the people there just do n't care about cleaness because is still a good price , or they just as nasty .
this souper salad needs help bad -- remodeling , cleaning and nice people to work , cause the waitress we got was either not happy to be there or plainly just a b - i - t % & ^ ^ you get my point .

-1
i feel bad leaving this review , but it is the truth .
i ordered 120 cupcakes for a baby shower , and while they looked very cute and the service i got was really great , the cupcakes were not good in taste .
i think vegans are just self promoting with all of these great reviews .
the truth is that these cupcakes taste like frosted muffins .
and everyone i talked to agreed with that .
the `` cake `` and the `` frosting `` are both very dense ( although the frosting is still pretty darn good . )
the cake is not especially good and is not worth $ 2.50 each ( when buying in bulk . )
i used to be a vegan and cooked all sorts of cupcakes from the book `` vegan cupcakes take over the world `` that were delicious !
and this bakery ca n't even compete with my homemade vegan cupcakes .
i just expected more .
i only tried 4 flavors so maybe they were the wrong ones ... but i doubt it .

-1
i do n't want to be mean , but this place should be called `` over-rated . ``
we waited an hour for what was a breakfast i could have done 100 times better at home .
the food was so bland and there was absolutely nothing special about it .

-1
went in on a friday night with some friends .
food and beer were good , but the service that night was awful .
my initial experience was with 2 hosts , one of which must of had a pretty bad day because she had her head on both of her hands the whole time , not even speaking to us when we entered or left .
i paid for my food , and put my food in a take out box .
then i left for the bathroom .
when i returned , my table had been busted , and my food was gone and tossed .
feels so wasteful ... i usually do n't ask too much in terms of service , and focus more on food , but they really dropped the ball .
2/5

-1
food just ok .
health inspection was a `` b `` .
does n't look clean .
makes you wonder !

-1
2.5 stars .
ah , yelp , you caused me to have high expectations for this place .
i was left feeling disappointed .
the nigiri sushi is n't that fresh .
i 've had a lot better -- maybe because i 'm spoiled with good sushi in los angeles .
this place is more for `` americanized `` rolls , which are n't too bad , and they have interesting combos , so i 'll bump it up a 1/2 star for creativity .
prices are very reasonable , but if you 're looking for traditional sushi , this is n't the place for you .

-1
visiting phoenix and i wanted to revisit matt 's .
i was here two years ago and i had heard that they moved , 4 months ago , to a new larger space .
the new space is nice , but i somehow miss the tiny old one .
the little place was unique and atmospheric where the new place is cool , but somehow generic-cool .
staff was nice enough , but it put me off a bit when they wanted $ 1.50 for more maple syrup .
i said ok because the pancakes were super dry .
not good at all .
and the maple syrup is totally sub par .
tastes like aunt jemima .
it 's stored in big plastic jugs in the dining room .
friend 's omelette was overcooked and greasy .
potatoes were just average .
thick cut marble rye toast was good , but then he loves anything rye .
come on matt , you can do better .
spend more time training your kitchen staff .
and does your wife always wear uggs , no matter the weather ?

-1
for as expensive as this is , at least they could give you a real cup for coffee vs. styrofoam .

-1
very bland food here .
very little meat in the sandwiches and to much bread !
if you want spice/seasonings this is not your place .
if you like very basic/american foods ... this is your place .
tomato soup is good and the cookies as well .
but this place is very overrated .
everyone i know loves this place and i just do n't get it .
very expensive as well when you can go home and make a sandwich for a few cents : p

-1
i was very excited to use a groupon i purchased at this place .
after hearing great reviews on twitter i decided to check it out .
i ordered a chix pita , app of hummus and hubby ordered the filet sand kebob .
.
both came with fries .
( not a fan ) the hummus was definatley lacking something was very tahini flavor .
the chix was a joke .
maybe 2 small pieces on the pita .
the filet was horrid ! !
tasteless and just not good .
save your time and go to cyprus pita , pita jungle or z 's greek .
.

-1
having eaten good korean food , i have to say this was n't very good .
i wish it was because it 's close and i 'd like to have a good korean food place close to me .
the food was merely average or slightly below .
i may have to give it another try though based on mj k.s review .
i might have just gone on a bad day .

-1
so i usually do not write a review unless i have something nice to say , but i 'd like to corroborate all of the negative comments on here by agreeing that cafe boa made a wrong turn somewhere .
for years i ate here about once a month ; i found the food to be delicious and for the most part the service was always decent .
i was surprised to see that they had completely changed their menu , and i was willing to give it a try , i had faith .
the overpriced pasta i had was tasty , but i was certainly still very hungry after finishing it .
i understand that pasta is traditionally a mid-course in many fine dining restaurants , and that it is not always large in size , but after serving hearty portions of pasta for years and years , to completely change your concept by giving us less food for more money seems pretty unintelligent , especially in an economic slump .
i have also noticed that the service has slipped here , once enthusiastic and unique , everyone seems kind of sad to be there .
maybe i 'll return someday .
.

-1
i 'm giving cm 's two stars because despite the fact that the beer was decent and the food mostly tasty , i was so immensely turned off when i had to listen to the `` we really do n't do separate checks `` speech from our server .
we were a party of 8 engaging in light drinking and mostly appetizers .
this was not culinary calculus .
i 've served .
i 've served parties ranging in size from 1-63 .
never , ever has it been a problem giving people separate checks , even 63 of them .
you teach your party to be patient but give them what they want .
`` we are n't really supposed to do separate checks `` is your way or signifying to me that you 're lazy or stupid , with neither being a quality i want from a server .
fried food , burgers , wraps and seafood are a dime a dozen .
what makes a restaurant standout is how welcoming it is , pardon the cheesey reference , but how much like cheers it is .
the first step in the journey to earning loyal customers if service and whining about separate checks is no step forward -- it 's a backflip .

-1
we only went because they had a yelp special and i 'm glad we did n't pay full price because i could make an equal , if not better sandwich at home .
nothing to write home about .

-1
-lsb- -lsb- this is a review for the 7th street location -rsb- -rsb- love , love , love the food !
we got a pizza and ceasar salad to split and it was just enough food for the two of us .
the restaurant was small and quiet and there was plenty of room/seating for a friday night .
i ordered a special martini and it was quite strong .
the recipe stated that the drink would have cinnamon -lsb- it was a holiday drink -rsb- but the cinnamon turned out to be goldschlager -lsb- ew . -rsb-
our food came out very fast and was just so good !
now , the reason why i gave it a two out of five ; when we walked into the restaurant my friend and i stood in the doorway for a good five minutes before we were approached .
the woman stated that we could sit anywhere and our server would be with us soon .
about ten minutes later , the same woman came back and stated that she would be taking our drink order but our real server would be with us soon .
ten minutes later , the same woman came back with our drinks and then took our food order .
my friend ordered a white wine and she came back with a red .
when it was time to go , we put our forks and napkins on our plates , indicating that we were done .
it took another ten minutes to get our check .
we left a four dollar tip .
never , in my life , have i left a tip under five dollars .
it was well deserved .
i will be eating the food from humble pie again , but i will be taking it home to really enjoy it .

-1
new management has taken over and the actual maria is gone .
already things are going downhill , showed up twice at 8am and they were n't open .
hey then do n't indicate your business is open at 8am , wasted my time and gas driving there .
burritos were okay .

-1
so first , the menu is amazing , i could not wait to try each and everything on there .
until i tasted the first roll , then i was just waiting and hoping the next would make up for it , it did not .
waitress was not at all as bad as other reviewers say though , she still got a good tip = )

-1
meh .
its average ( at best ) italian food .
we went here last week for a dinner with the hubs company .
we were in a small semiprivate room and there were maybe 15 people in our group .
our waiter was pretty bad , acted like he did n't want to be there , and at one point when someone finally got his attention after attempting to flag him down twice to ask for a drink refill he actually snarled his lip a bit !
the food .
some was really good , some was really bad .
i had the caesar salad , it was salad , its hard to mess up .
i also had a piece of the plain bread ... its really `` doughy `` .
for the main course there was the chicken marsala which was very sweet , almost to sweet .
the baked zitti tasted pretty spot on and was the best of the three .
lastly there was the fettuccine alfredo , holy blob of white tasteless pasta .
i salt and peppered and added more grated parm to it and it still lacked flavor , it was beyond gross .
for dessert there was cheese cake and chocolate cake .
the cheese cake had no crust but was decent .
the chocolate cake was pretty moist and good .
will i go back here again ?
only if invited by someone else and they are paying , no way would i put my own money towards this place .

-1
i ate here for lunch today ... am i missing something from all the rave reviews ... i had the chicken lo mein , the quality of the chicken and lo mein noodles is cheap , the hot & sour soup was okay but nothing grand , fried rice was plain , and the egg rolls were n't spectacular .
my dining companions had general 's chicken , and mongolian beef ... and they did n't seem to like their meal ither .
over all it was a 1 star , but the 2nd star for the price and the soup .

-1
let me start off by saying that i was at this bowling alley this past weekend , all day saturday and sunday for my kid 's bowling tournament .
i must say , it was a hellish experience .
i 'll start on the outside and work my way in to the bowling alley .
this alley is located at the corner of the busy intersection of 59th and betheny home rd . .
it 's in the food city shopping center , so that should tell you exactly what kind of colorful people are roaming the parking lot .
there is very little parking for the bowling alley .
it 's next to a strip mall with a cell phone and check cashing place .
you might feel safer parking far away anyway .
there is a security guard located at the front entrance of the bowling alley , making sure you do n't smuggle any contraband , aka real food in .
he will stare you down and make you feel guilty , even if you did n't do anything .
inside , there are about 30 lanes .
the place is small and the decor is set at circa 1970 .
it 's fairly dim inside .
i would have thought that they would have enough chairs there , seeing as they were sponsoring a bowling tournament !
but apparently , they did n't get the memo .
you had to show up over an hour early just to find a place to rest your weary bones .
on the second day , the `` chair police `` tried to muscle me out of some chairs i was saving for my group .
the lanes are fairly oily , if that 's what you like .
lane 5 is n't very reliable .
i would avoid that lane if possible .
the food was standard bowling alley fare ; nachos , pretzels , burgers , fries , etc . .
they serve breakfast , so that 's a plus ; however you would do better to order lunch at breakfast time .
our orders on both days took 40 + minutes to get to us .
there is this creepy looking employee there , hereby known as the trash nazi .
he paraded up and down the aisles in military form , taking your trash before it was actually trash .
he glared at your unused napkins until you surrendered them to his eager , and waiting bucket .
we gave him trash just to get him to go away for a while .
the food was a decent price , but not worth the wait .
the second day , half my party went down to the food city , ate there , and returned before my food arrived .
oh , and before i forget , take a sweater !
the keep it at a frosty 45 degrees in there .
maybe they got confused and thought is was an ice hockey tournament .
needless to say , there was a bowling alley full of cranky bowling tournament spectators , standing in the back , shivering because they got no heat , and no chairs .
if you have a choice , go somewhere else .

-1
my husband , some friends and i went to this place for restaurant week .
we all sampled different dishes to experience a range of items - the multi-flavored french fries , soups , steaks and desserts .
while everything we sampled was good , i was not blown away .
my steak was good , but not great , and considering the regular prices , great should be on the menu .
also , the restaurant is one main room with hardwood floors , effectively creating an echo-chamber .
this is one of my major restaurant pet peeves - you sit down at a nice dinner only to have to yell across the table .
i expected more from michael mina and certainly for the celebrity chef-inspired prices .
a better steak , and better experience , can certainly be had for less .

-1
yummy pizza and ok wine , but not a place for large groups .
i went the other day with my wine/book club .
we had made reservations but when we got there the hostess told use that she could not seat us till of our group was there .
unfortunately when we were finally seated the table did not accommodate the size of our group .
it would have been really nice to not have to worry about this and instead be able to come in sit down , enjoy a glass of wine and wait for the rest of the party to arrive and relax more .
( i would have drunk more wine btw . )
i know that there were a few issues with the orders too , although my order was correct .
maybe it was an overly busy night , short staff or poor organization ? ?
anyway , i would go back if someone else wanted to go there but it would not be my 1st choice .

-1
oh , pardon moi , for daring to venture into old town in holy jeans and a band sweatshirt , and not appearing to be a scottsdale resident ... i will gladly show you my drivers license with address if it will make your attitude disappear .
sheesh .
the tempe location is a lot more friendly than this one .
the two guys at the counter , and even the gentleman waiting for his coffee , stared me down all the way from the door to the register .
they were very short when i ordered , all whilst staring me down rather coldly .
the menu is not above the counter , it 's hidden in the corner ( menus are n't `` cool `` , i guess ) .
my drink took forever to make .
$ 5 for a `` large `` mocha that 's the size of every other coffee shop 's small .
etc , etc . .
seriously , i have to continue in the employee vein because they are that unpleasant .
all the employees are my second biggest irk about cartel .
you are not god 's gift to the earth , you are a flannel-wearing , college-dropout hipster who works in a coffee shop for $ 8 an hour .
there would n't be anything wrong with working for $ 8/hr in a coffee shop and wearing flannel , if you did n't get an attitude about it .
and my number one irk about cartel is : why the eff ca n't i have a cappuccino to go ?
i do n't understand .
it 's my overpriced cup of coffee , i can do what i want with it .
i do n't need your coffee snob attitude to tell me a to-go cup will `` ruin `` my coffee ... because it wo n't .
the fact i have two irks about this place that combine for unpleasant experiences mean i wo n't be back .
adios cartel !

-1
we came in and purchased a 2008 infiniti , november 30th , with a loan we got ourselves without any help from the dealership so no help from them on loan .
now after we left we realize no car mats , we called the salesman who said he will check with the guy that cleaned up and gas 'd up the car for us to see where they were and if they ca n't find it they will make it right .
same thing was said to us by the receptionist when we came in that following monday and dropped off the loan check that we got out on our own .
1 week later after i called and asked again where the mats were , we got a voicemail that the car came with no mats and we can take it up with the manager !
now maybe from a ma and pa dealership i expected this but this is a bigger dealership ? !
disappointing !
now we have to see how our `` we owe `` works out because prev review shows they do n't follow up with their `` we owes `` .
the salesman told us it would void the contract/loan if they do n't follow through with their `` we owes `` but who knows anymore .
i will update this post after we see how that goes .
we will not be dealing with an infiniti dealership in az anymore .
after all this is done .
this is our 2nd infiniti we bought and we like these type of vehicles .
i recommend out of state or private sale after this .

-1
my kids love this place , just as much as i hate it .
the food is worthless cardboard pizza .
i spend to much money on ticket games .
they need to step it up and actually get video games instead of token games .
my wife claims the salad bar has given her food poisoning twice .
yet we keep coming back cause the kids love it .
the stupid things we do for those that we love .

-1
meh .
i 've experienced much much better .
please keep in mind i have eaten here for several years now , but this past year has been a real disappointment .
the coffee is so weak any flavor you get is from the added cream .
the eggs benedict was over cooked to the point where the yellow solid .
so , i sent it back and was treated to runny whites the next time .
clearly this is something they need to work on .
a few months ago we experienced the same exact problem which is why it took so long for me to give them another chance in the first place .
i , for one will not be going back nor can i , in good faith , recommend them .
seriously , and i ca n't believe i am saying this , but denny 's is better .
mimi 's is really my recommendation for a decent breakfast at decent prices .
last note , the staff was okay , but i ended up getting charged for the two coffees we had while waiting for food we never ate .

-1
mixed experience at our stay here .
the highlights were the concierge service who gave us great recommendations for dining options , the facilities were okay , the pool and gym were nice , the restaurant here was passable .
the critiques here were the maid service did not clean our room , the front desk did not order a cab despite us making a request and now we are running late for the airport .

-1
ok , so part of phoenix has a `` train `` running through it .
big whoop .
1 .
the route it runs is actually ok .
pass 2 .
the hours suck .
ca n't take the rail to a bar ( do n't drink & drive ! )
& be able to take it home .
fail 3 .
why oh why did they not build it elevated ? !
all the money spent buying land could have been put into an elevated/underground system .
fail 4 .
build a gate/cage with turnstiles !
why would people pay when they can ride for free ?
if people paid to use the rail it would have been paid off by now & it could have been built better in the first place .
fail 5 .
if people had to pay , the city could hire security for each & every train , plus at each stop .
as of now it 's not that safe to take the rail , especially at night .
fail overall impression : the people who planned this are morons .
what were they thinking ?
oh wait , they were n't .

-1
local breeze is purgatory for a bar .
does n't have any direction and has no idea what it wants to be .
food and service are inconsistent along with hours of operation .
has so much potential considering the beautiful patio space .
maybe live music on weekends or some tvs for watching football ... ?
ok pick something .
food is circling the drain .
this local is done with it .
yuk .
there are other patio games in town .

-1
my girlfriend and i went here to check it out for their grand opening and wine tasting .
as we walked in the door no one even seemed to notice that we had come in .
it seemed a little unorganized , but we tried a few wines .
they were nothing i would ever want to buy , most of them were combinations of different fruits such as kiwi , melon and blueberry .
they were very sweet .
there was only one red available for tasting and it was nothing to write home about .
the owners were very nice , however they seemed to lack the knowledge expected of someone who owns a winemaking store .
the owner , al , mispronounced several types of wine and was unable to answer a few of our questions .
we also tried the beer , they only had their white and blonde beers `` ready `` however he told us they were meant to sit for 2 weeks and they had only let these sit for 3 days and that was obvious .
the beers had very little carbonation , and tasted more like hop flavored water .
al did get us a sample of their stout which was sent from the branches on the east coast and was allowed to sit for the proper amount of time .
after all of the wine and beer we had already sampled i was quite impressed with this .
it tasted like a craft beer i would get at a bar , it had a nice creamy texture , a decent head , and chocolatey aroma .
the store looks great and the company is a great idea , i just feel the owners need to spend a little more time figuring out their products , and i really do n't think they should be using the wines they did or their unfinished beer to draw in new customers .
seems like a fun experience , but for the quality of wine it was way overpriced .

-1
pricey .
not worth it .
but , unique food !
another thing is a friend of mine who is a manager of sauce told me the owners of scramble would cone take notes of sauce before scramble opened .
i see a lot of sauce in scramble ... not cool .
not original .
i feel your paying for the uniqueness of the food not the quality .
i 'm happy sticking with denny 's and not breaking my bank ... three dollar oj with our refills ?
reaalllllllyyyy ? !

-1
not worth the wait .
from the reviews i was expecting more .
pasta over cooked not much sauce and really just not worth it ... sorry !

-1
this was my first time at cafe boa and i happened upon it while looking for a late morning breakfast place .
bread brought out with the meal was hard and dry .
no butter or jam was offered .
we had to ask for it .
one of my big pet peeves : memorizing orders .
i 'd rather you write it down than try to impress me when you eventually screw it up .
of course our server did .
he forgot our orange juice and i had to ask for it .
i was really in the mood for what was advertised on the menu as `` fresh squeezed oj `` .
a large glass of oj was brought to the table but if it was tropicana , they 'd be doing at least better than they were .
it was n't fresh squeezed .
i asked our server about it and he seemed to fumble for some feeble explanation about the bartender , etc . and sounded surprised .
big mistake to be blaming others .
so he finally brings back fresh squeezed and it 's a glass about a third the size of of the original .
the food overall was tasty and hot .
no complaints there .
service seems to be on par with the other reviews .
our chucklehead was no exception .
when he did bring the bill , it was only a total and no itemized bill .
had to ask for that too .
i wonder if he 'll figure out he 'll save himself a lot of work by doing it right the first time ?

-1
i agree with others who thought it 's a tad overpriced .
a group of us on a sunday bike ride ( the pedal kind ) had a pit stop there and for some reason they have happy hour every day of the week - except sundays .
spring training season was over so the place was barely a quarter full on a lazy afternoon .
it 's a nice place , but 3 domestic beers + tax/tip cost $ 18 .
i 'd expect to pay that at a club at night , but it 's not a place i 'd stop by again during the day for a casual bev with friends .
for some reason , a lot of old town places do n't seem to realize there 's a big difference between the day crowd and the night crowd .

-1
should not have the word phoenix in it 's name , because it is nowhere near phoenix !
it 's a fucking hour away !
also had very bad luck with allegiant airlines , as both my flight in and out were 90 minutes late .
i also experienced a gate agent who , in the spirit of spring training , was a major league bitch .
no carry-on food available inside the security area either , only dine in .
i wo n't fly back into mesa unless it 's absolutely necessary .

-1
i had high expectations after reading the reviews from my fellow yelpers , but .
.
not sure if it was because i stepped in later than a usual lunch time ( i.e . at 1pm .
. )
or what , the quarter chicken i ordered was nothing close to `` juicy `` .
on the contrary , it was so dry , i had trouble cutting through it with my plastic knife !
also , i had to continuously dip it in the salsa just to make the meat edible .
the flavor was good , but where is all the juice in the meat ?
this leads me to think that , albeit being nice and friendly , these folks just could n't care less about the consistency or quality of food they serve .
two stars , done-and-done .

-1
stick with sandwiches .
everything else is so-so .

-1
tiny little dairy queen which now sells orange julius drinks .
got a julius to go .
i do n't think they 've quite perfected making them , because my julius drink was missing some key components , making it taste like a sugary slushie rather than a frothy , light drink .
the mango pineapple flavor of the julius itself was more mango , not so much pineapple , and as mentioned before , tasted overwhelmingly sweet ( probably because my drink was just syrup and crushed ice ) .

-1
i was setup for disappointment on account of the false advertisements .
i actually read reviews before i went here .
they are way off .
the ads said there were thousands of petroglyphs here , even suggesting to come at 10am when the sun shines on the glyphs and to bring your own binoculars .
on top of that , the website said that there is a butterfly exhibit in feb. that was part of the `` tour `` .
sounds awesome , right ?
and i 'm a pretty good photographer too .
so i get here .
the visitor 's center is nice and informative .
however , the price is a little steep for what you get .
i walk through the back gate and enter the trail .
it 's a flat , pebbled trail , only a 1/4 mile long .
there is no `` tour guide `` , nor a `` tour `` .
there was no butterfly exhibit .
i 'm there at exactly 10am and there are not thousands of petroglyphs .
even with the binocs , they are hard to find and faded .
for just $ 6 parking , you can see way more glyphs at south mountain park on the kiwanis trail .
the most exciting part about this tour was that a large squirrel approached us ( see attached photos ) and was really , really curious about us .
you reach the end of the trail and that 's when you figure out that you 've been duped .
if it was n't government run , it would have been shut down a long time ago .

-1
there are much better chicken places to go to these days .
they 're slow and most of the sides come out cold .
i leave with heartburn every time , even with the non spicy chicken .

-1
pricey and salty .
shakes are good .

-1
il forno ... much much better !

-1
my least favorite sushi experience in a long time ... i 've had better from the grocery store in those plastic boxes .
took an employee on their recommendation .
i guess it 's quite different at happy hour and the evening .
very nice surroundings down to the fish swimming in the floor .
that day it must have been a `` two-fer `` sushi and attitude all for the price of the sushi .
rachel t. sums it up well !

-1
went for breakfast .
service was friendly and fairly speedy .
unfortunately food is mediocre at best , ca n't say anything really good or bad about quality .
what i can say is it was a bit small for the price .
denny 's and coco 's are much better .

-1
very poor quasi-oriental food .
the service was approximately on par with the food though the wait staff were very nice -- just not very together .
my suspicions began when our order of two dishes came out of the kitchen in fewer than five minutes , and was only half right .
we had a honey and walnut shrimp that was overly sweet and that was not improved by the mushrooms mixed with the deep fried , over-breaded shrimp , though the walnuts were nice .
and , because this was the dish that was freshly made , after we pointed out that we had n't order the mango wango shrimp , it was hot .
we also had an evil princess chicken that suffered from the same problem that most dishes made with thin strips of chicken breast and all dishes not freshly made suffer from .
i had to struggle to give this restaurant a second star and unless i hear from a trusted source that they ate here recently and that it was excellent , i wo n't be going back .

-1
i booked a 90 massage and was assigned xxx .
she was very nice - but talked non stop the whole 90 minutes .
i heard about how she just broke up with her boyfriend and had to move out of her house and she couldnt find a place to live because he last 2 roommates were drug addicts and didnt pay rent so she had evictions on her credit but finally she found someone that was willing to rent to her .
she literally told me her whole life story .
every time i stopped talking she would start telling me another story .
i asked for a deep tissues massage and she did give a good massage - but i was 90 minutes of relaxation - but i left there even more stressed after hearing her life stories of drugs , roomates , breakups , car problems , apt and money issues .
i would give massage haven another try - but request someone other than her .
i have since learned that she has left massage haven , and at her request ( via the email i posted above ) i have remvoed her name so that it does not continue to effect her relationship in the field .

-1
this review is for the car wash only .
i have great experiences with the gas station when i stop in once or twice a week after work .
however today was my first time getting a car wash at this location .
i have just driven a car i purchased home from california .
it was sorely in need of some tlc from the drive and the recent monsoon weather .
`` the thumb `` package seemed the best value as it included interior vacuum , tire pressure check , and a 7 day clean guarantee .
the end result was a little disappointing as the trunk was not vacuumed , and the front and grill still had many bugs and spots all over it .
i would have been happy to buy an add on if i was aware these areas were not part of the package or required special attention .
my bad for not checking the trunk before i left , next time i will do a full walk around with the tech .

-1
hello my name is larry and i am an eggs benedict snob ... hi larry ... no disrespect to the 12 step crowd .
one of the worst benedicts i have ever had .
i ordered the california something arouther benedict with avocado , bacon and tomato .
every single component of this meal was the same or very close to the same texture .
soggy english muffin , soft avocado , soft bacon , grilled ( ? ? ? )
and therefore mushy tomato with an over poached egg .
hollandaise was nothing to yelp home about .
they do have a list of `` mantras `` or something on their menu and # 4 encourages ordering the food specifically to your taste so if i do go back in ( not going to happen ) i would ask the english muffin to be toasted and crispy , the bacon to be crispy and the tomato to not be grilled .
this would offset the avocado , egg and hollandaise sauce and likely make a fantastic breakfast , well aside from the giant loogie under the poached egg i would undoubtedly get for being so picky .
seriously !
does every breakfast place in az peak out at average ?
i have yet to be impressed , even by the ones with relatively good reviews .
if i win the lottery i am starting a quality breakfast joint in the valley .
my server paula was nice , the seats were classic beat down unconfortable seats .

-1
we went to blue hound with a group of friends who come together to have a great meal and amazing company .
the ambiance of the place is very cool .
the furniture , decor and lighting were all extremely well done .
the bar area was packed and people were enjoying their drinks and some light appetizers .
the down side in design and construction is that nothing was created to buffer the sound .
i get it , it is friday night in a trendy restaurant , but the acoustics were an assault on my ears and prevented my friends and i from having any conversations unless we were almost yelling at each other .
we began the meal with drinks and appetizers which were good .
we had tater tots , caramel corn and deviled eggs .
the tots were very good , i really enjoyed the flavor and the accompanying dipping sauce .
the caramel corn was ok , but the spice was a little overwhelming to the point where it was not balancing the sweet ... at times i couldnt event really appreciate any of the sweetness .
lastly the deviled eggs were ... well deviled eggs and not as impressive as the deviled eggs i have had at chelsea 's kitchen .
i am glad our waiter recommended the short ribs with the blue cheese grits , it was probably the single best dish on their entire menu , the rest seemed ... eh .
the short rib was absolutely killer , it had a sasperilla glaze on it that was amazing and the meat just fell off of the bone .
i was really happy with my choice as apposed to my dinner mates , probably to their annoyance because i was making a lot of sounds as i engulfed my dish .
my wife had macaroni and cheese in the smallest bowl i have ever seen .
i get it , macaroni and cheese can be extremely rich , but it still is macaroni and cheese and you are charging $ 12 for it , so show me a little love .
again , i have had better at the chain the yardhouse with truffle oil and it is all that and more ... for about the same price .
i did not have dessert , but that is because nothing excited me on the dessert menu and in the back of my head i was thinking i would stop by churn on the way home for some ice cream and home made caramel sauce ( that did not happen , but i thought about it ... a lot ) .
trying not to sound like a broken record , but service makes or kills a business and i was not impressed by our waiter .
i know we had some challenges with a few of the dishes and at the end of the meal he acted annoyed with us when sorting out the checks .
i do n't care how large the group is an what mandatory gratuity is imposed on me on the bill , but i was almost to the point of having that gratuity taken off because of how annoyed our waiter was acting with the group .
again , i get it , large group , lots of tickets , but to act that annoyed was not called for .
it was brought to my attention that this restaurant made the 10 best new places to eat in phoenix by phoenix magazine and i really take issue with their judgement .
phoenix magazine assigning that type of status to this restaurant really calls into question their credibility as a publication .
maybe they were dazzled by the trendy atmosphere , but i am more about substance than style and blue hound does not meet any criteria of being considered the best of anything .
blue hound is not the worst place i have ever been to , but it is one of the most mediocre places i have been to .
i find phoenix magazine calling this place one of the 10 new best of places to be offensive to the efforts of other area restaurants much more deserving of that designation .
overall i was glad that we gave it a go , but it is not a place that i would go out of my way to go again .
my dish was really good ... really good ... but if i went again i would wonder what else i might try and from what i saw i do n't know if i would be that interested in any of the other offerings .

-1
a few years ago , i would have given this location a 5 star review but it has gone downhill since then .
they used to give discounts if you only got a few things in your burrito .
they have continually raised prices while giving smaller portions .
i 'm pretty sure they use smaller spoons .
and i get that they are a corporation and that the decisions are n't always up to them , but there is no denying the value has gone down hill .
it 's still good food , but not worth 9 dollars a person .

-1
once again , i find myself stunned by the difference in my experience and that of other reviewers .
there is no way this was even a three star experience for our company of three .
saba 's is a pretty restaurant , but that 's where the good review ends .
we arrived at dinner time on a sunday .
i ca n't say that we felt very welcomed .
there was one large table of customers and one small booth , so the restaurant was not very busy .
i had the feeling that the large table may have been family .
they received all the attention of the staff , leaving us feeling as though we 'd crashed a private event .
we had to wait for someone to seat us while being studiously ignored by the staff that was in the restaurant when we arrived .
there 's nothing worse to me than knowing that someone is aware of your presence , but wo n't even look in your direction .
a smile , a quick `` someone will be with you `` , any acknowledgement is so much better than being obviously ignored .
it 's not as though the restaurant was full .
the service was ok .
although we ordered a sharing platter for appetizers , we had to ask for extra plates .
the ordering process was disjointed , the host asked us for our drink order as an afterthought , and then forgot to bring them .
we found the food to be pretty bland .
the hummus and eggplant were completely unseasoned .
for the first time ever in a mediterranean restaurant we added salt , due to the lack of acid in the preparation .
it 's probably a good thing that we were n't crazy about the appetizer platter , since it was pretty sparse .
the saganaki arrived with none of the usual fanfare , or flavor .
it was just a salty crusty overcooked piece of cheese that hardened into a tough and chewy texture more like a jerky than anything else .
the fattoush salad was also low on seasoning .
no kick whatsoever .
i have no idea what they used to dress the salad , but it just was n't very good .
i was very disappointed , since fatthoush is usually one of my favorites .
this one just seemed slick with flavorless dressing .
the same for the dolmas , which had a dubious texture and very little flavor .
i think the chef could use an introduction to that lovely assistant known as a lemon .
the spanikopita and tsatsiki were pretty good and the chicken kabob platter that included attractive looking grilled vegetables was nicely cooked , but also no seasoning .
although we only ordered appetizers , salad and one entree between 3 of us , we left a lot of food on the plates .
we were scouting the area prior to a re-location , but saba 's will not be one of the spots we 'll be looking forward to revisiting .

-1
been here twice so far .
best : - salsa is addictive , much spicier than anywhere else around , which i love .
- enchilada sauce is great as well .
- they are fairly cheap .
worst : - the service is soooooo slooooooow .
it takes forever for them to take your order or bring your food out .
the first time we went we were there over an hour .
- the food is not that great in my opinion , serranos is much better & faster .
- the decor is awful !
overall i do n't think i would go back .

-1
saw this from the freeway on the way home every day .
finally went .
food just really is n't good .
everything is just kind of blah .
i will not go again .
for what you 're paying it 's just not worth it .
kind of tasted like re-heated frozen food from sam 's club .

-1
meh .
the service is never good here , and i 've been 3 times .
it always seems like it 's the server 's first day on the job .
here 's what i mean : the last time , i went with my boyfriend and his out-of-town friend .
we ordered a round of drinks on a saturday afternoon .
i asked our waitress for a vodka-soda .
she replied with , `` you need to tell me what kind of vodka you want . ``
i responded with `` ok , do you have tito 's ? ``
and her response : `` i have no idea . ``
so i said , well if you do i 'll have that , if not i 'll just take whatever you have . ``
that 's only one example ; trust me , there have been many .
but the food is not very good either , which is really the downer .
their burgers are pretty good , which is good because it 's their namesake .
but everything else ( namely their appetizers ) is dry and gross .
i want to like this place because it 's such a great location and awesome patio , but no .

-1
tried this restaurant this past friday for the first time .
fodor 's called it the best restaurant in phoenix , etc etc . .
someone told me they had a coupon for two entrees , two salads or soup and a bottle of wine for $ 44 .
sounds fair , right ?
we were served two pieces of bread ( one for each of us ) with oil infused oil .
the one i make at home is better .
not enough herbs to really flavor it .
we asked for more bread and they did n't seem happy .
two pieces of bread again .
never saw that before , counting the heads at the table and then matching the bread pieces .
most restaurant give you a chunk of bread and that 's that .
the salads were small , fresh but nothing special ( what do you want for a coupon ? ? ? )
the entree choices for the coupon were either pastas or chicken dishes everything is excluded unless you want to pay more .
( what do you want with a coupon ? ? ? )
no side dishes come with it .
you have pay extra .
( what do you want with a coupon ? )
i ordered chicken a la berto .
which had fontanelle cheese , spinach , and pancetta .
it was just ok .
nothing special .
i did n't bring my magnifying glass to find the pieces of pancetta .
( what do you want with a coupon ? ? ? )
my husband hated his .
i tasted it .
flavorless .
it was chicken something .
the word oggi was in it and his attraction to the dish was that it had sun dried tomatoes .
i think they took one sun dried tomato , cut it in half and then took that half and cut that half into minuscule pieces and spread it around the plate .
as i said before , i did n't have my magnifying glass with me to let him see what mini - sun dried tomatoes look like .
.
my poor hubby , no sun dried tomatoes for you !
( what do you want with a coupon ? )
we ordered a side dish , for which we paid extra , of rigatoni with marinara sauce .
rigatoni was cooked al dente perfectly and the sauce was good .
but not better than the one i make at home from scratch from fresh tomatoes .
do n't you guys expect restaurant food to be better than your own ?
i do .
and finally , the bottle of wine .
not the best and a little vinegary .
( what do you want with a coupon ? )
i guess everyone knows the conclusion to this review .
if fodor 's called la fontanella the best restaurant in phoenix , then phoenix is a very small town with very few italian restaurants .
i , for one , will not be going back with or without a coupon .
by the way , i have eaten at bel fiore 's , an unpretentious , no white table clothed restaurant on cave creek and the food is one thousand times better .
and i do n't need a coupon to eat there .

-1
i worked at the tempe kinko 's years ago , during which time an anarchist co-worker remarked : `` we are the factory workers of the information age . ``
profound ?
it sort of is if management drops you in a baby blue monkey-suit and makes you don an apron .
think about it .
kinko 's workers essentially perform the same routine task day in and day out in their stations ( on busier days ) for low wages .
it 's fordism transferred to the copy shop .
like factory workers , we also employed the `` weapons of the weak `` ( work slowdowns and discounts to customers to cut into corporate profits ) to covertly express our discontent with our work situation .
that was then , of course , and this is now at a different store .
but i get it ... the job sucks ... big time ... and employees are just going through the motions to a get a paycheck .
with that said , i am still not a big fan of this kinkos , at least not late at night .
i guess they fake it less well than employees at other stores .
i have been in twice recently at night and the service has sucked .
coming to the counter to help a customer appeared to be a sizeable burden for any of the number of employees behind the counter ( part of this is due to a company policy that says that you are not to leave your station ) .
when one finally did make it to the front , little attempt was made to hide his lack of enthusiasm for the job and disdain for customers .
i 'm not sure , but he may be on the graveyard crew .
that may account for something , since the kinko 's graveyard workers that i have known have been a little off .
the last time i went in to get resume copies on e1 ( cotton paper with a watermark ) .
the guy took the order and processed it quickly , but he copied it with the watermark upside down .
i ca n't imagine that being a deal breaker in a hiring decision , but it could be one of those attention to details things that looks a little bad .
i sort of felt like a ass asking for my order to be redone with the watermark facing the right way , but i wanted a polished looking resume ( which is why i went with the cotton paper in the first place ) .
in any case , the guy told me `` no , `` that it would be too much trouble to go through the sheets and face them the right way .
having worked there , i know that you are supposed to make copies with the watermark facing the right direction and that it is not a big deal to do so .
if you make a mistake , all you have to do is flip the paper and do it again .
that was too much for this guy apparently .
as much as i can empathize with the guy for having to work behind that counter , i wish he would have shown a different way to express his dissatisfaction with the job .
it would have been much cooler of him to get back at the man by hooking me up then my effing up my order .

-1
i was looking forward to the biscuit 's and gravy , so i request a sample before i ordered ( just to make sure i 'd like it ) and was not impressed , it was loaded with pepper and not really creamy .
i opted for the corn beef hash .
it was straight from a can , the potatoes were hard and muffin slightly burnt .
the eggs were good though and i liked the coffee .
i wo n't be back as the service was beyond slow , and they were not that busy to justify it .
i went as fellow yelpers claimed it was the greatest biscuit 's and gravy , i guess it 's made different in the pacific northwest .

-1
mehh .
we picked up five cupcakes for mother 's day & i really wish we did n't .
salted caramel , key lime , lemon raspberry , the original chocolate one & coconut .
total came out to $ 22 ?
pricey but okay .
whatever .
you pay for quality , right ?
the girl boxed up our cupcakes & the box broke open while we were walking back to my car .
whaaat ? ?
we shared the cupcakes with our mom that night ... the cupcakes were dry & the flavors were barely there .
i was embarrassed that we wasted money on such a lackluster present .
salted caramel was so promising but had the strangest plastic texture .
the shop is super cute , maybe they were having a bad day ?
if you 're in gilbert , i definitely recommend going to the coffee shop by joe 's farm grill if you need cupcakes .

-1
no thanks .
deduct one star for the cheesey hawaiian shirts .
deduct one star for the salty deli meat on the club sandwich .
deduct one star for the burger patty that was clearly frozen and not made fresh .
deduct one star for the lack of appetizers ( do n't know why this bothered me since i did n't want one anyway ) .
granted , we did n't come for breakfast , so i 'll give them a star back .

-1
this is our first ( and last ) az moe 's experience .
we lived 3 minutes from a moe 's in ohio and always joked about the perpetual problems that never got fixed .
somehow , 2000 miles away , the problems are identical .
1 .
tofu is offered as a `` meat `` option but they were out of it .
the girl making the food did n't know where they kept the frozen tofu .
same thing as ohio .
2 .
certain vegetables not available .
`` i showed up today and nobody had done any prepwork !
sorry ! ``
again , same thing as ohio .
3 .
one worker prepping food and ringing out on the register , and one worker rummaging around a freezer the entire 15 minutes they were in line ( maybe looking for tofu ? )
so , as the line lengthened with a sunday lunch crowd , the poor girl became more and more frustrated .
( yep , same as ohio ) .
as i looked at my burrito sitting , getting cold , waiting for the girl to finish plating and ring it out , i just wanted to leap behind the counter and grab it .
we honestly do like moe 's food but there 's some fundamental lack of management oversight to allow these problems to happen ... over and over again .

-1
great atmosphere .
great service .
great music .
horrible food .
= / majorly bummed since this is a newer neighborhood restaurant .
had high hopes for it being great .
the food sounds like its gon na be great but it just fails .
tastes as though the chef might be young and experimenting with creative bar food but it ends up being just too much of something or another .
too tart , too salty , too much fruit flavoring on the porn wings , hoison wings that taste like a salt lick .
bummed out on this review .
wanted to love this place !

-1
had supper here thursday night , feb. 7 , 2013 .
food very bland , you can do better .
service : 4 stars ( our waitress was very attentive ) ambiance : 3 stars ( casual setting , a bit noisy ) cleanliness : 3 stars ( appeared to be clean and well kept ) food : 1 star ( factory food , bland , all tasted the same , soggy shrimp ) price : 2 stars ( while not the cheapest the prices are mid-range )

-1
i really wanted to like this place but maybe i had my hopes set too high .
it was clean and the employees were friendly but the food really lacked for me .
i definitely did not feel like it was fresh and delicious .
it felt like heavy smothered mexican food .
it was salty and the shredded chicken was greasy to top it off .
i doubt quite seriously that we will return .
i would much rather have chipotle .

-1
i 've stayed in worse but i 've also stayed in much better .
on check in my room had already been paid for but they did n't check closely enough and debited my card for 4 more days plus an incidentals charge which was great to have that money held in a pending state for an entire week .
the cleaning ladies spoke no english and showed up at the most random and inconsistent times ( 1:30 pm , 8:30 am , 3pm and i finally just gave up and locked the door and they banged on it for 30 minutes ) .
tempe is always pretty loud with airplanes , as it is so close to the airport , but the room i stayed in seemed to have less sound insulation than other places i 've stayed so it seemed louder than usual and then i got a fantastic surprise of super loud trains adjacent to the hotel that take awhile to rumble past ( i was in the army and i 'm pretty good at sleeping through almost anything but the only louder thing i 've attempted to sleep through was when i had to camp out next to howitzers firing all night ) .
there are multiple trains that go by in the course of the night so do n't think you will only hear one so expect several to shake you out of your slumber .
this hotel is conveniently located but for nearly the same price the tempe mission palms is a much better location with a much better nights sleep .

-1
i was not a fan of their food .
overpriced for the quality , which was so-so .
we got the garlic edamame and sushi rolls .
the sushi was not impressive .
the alcoholic beverages were also so-so , i even ordered liquor in my drink that was not house .
i would recommend finding another place if you are a sushi lover , it may be better for people who want non-sushi .

-1
we had the coupon special $ 14.00 rib-eye the overall service was very good !
very impressed by wait staff , but our steaks were not good at all , kinda tough , and not tasty at all , just taste like grilled cardboard , not flavor of beef , hummm !
not sure why , i 've been to other firebirds and never had this to happen .
we paid over $ 50 for our meal celebrating our 32nd year anniversary , and i felt cheated .
i took my steak home to see if i can revive it to taste better , too much money wasted on it .

-1
i am a platinum starwood member .
i have stayed at timeshares before so if this is the basis of comparison this is a great place .
rooms are well maintained and the accessibility to the lazy river at the resort is great for families however , if you are coming to this property accustomed to a `` westin experience `` , this is a let down .
they definitely treat timeshare owners differently ( read not as good ) than hotel resort guests .
the special attention and treatment of preferred starwood members is significantly less on the villa side .
this is especially evident with the reception where they treat you like potential fresh bait until you let them know you 're not looking to buy .
starwood members beware do n't waste your points or your money , you will be disappointed .
i will not stay here again and conduct better research in future to ensure that i do n't stay at any of the starwood timeshare resorts .

-1
a lot has already been said about the food here , and i do n't think i have much more to add .
however , in my opinon delux makes a huge mistake ... since when was it cool to take away everyone 's privacy ?
i went here with a client , and was almost afraid to say anything confidential because the next patrons over were only about 6 inches from my face !
ok , they were n't that close but it felt like it .
at one point the woman next to me actually chimed in on a comment i made to my client about the drink i was having !
i think it 's arrogant for delux to think their food is so good that everyone will gladly sit on each other 's laps in order to wolf down a marginally creative burger .
the bottom line is that you should n't come here if you want one shred of privacy to talk with your companions .
if you 're alone however , this might be the perfect place to make some friends !

-1
this is actually the starbucks store i like the least that i have been to in the phx area ... every time i have gone whether early in the morning ( not too early actually , around 6-7am ) or at night ( about half an hour before they close ) they take the longest time ... ... .
and also manage to get my drink or my companions ' drink wrong ... once we had to correct the barista taking our order several times ... and she still got it wrong ... i know they might be busy or distracted but it 's a part of their job to get it right ... the manager really needs to think it through a lot more when hiring young teenagers ... the baristas that have taken my orders could try harder to improve their customer service skills as well ... anyways ... i love starbucks ! ! !
but have no choice but to stop here when i am in the area , but i recommend that if it is possible for you , pass on this location ...

-1
if you 're a guy , do n't even bother walking through the doors .
it feels like the men 's department is just set up as a courtesy .
the reviewer who says the women 's to men 's ratio is 4:1 is being pretty generous .
ladies ; if you have the patience to sift through several aisles of unorganized stuff , you may find a good deal on something fashionable .
but if you succeed on your quest to actually find what you 're looking for , you 'll also need to have the patience to sit in an unnecessarily long check out line .
there are other discounter clothing stores in desert ridge .
i can only recommend ross as a desperate last resort .

-1
i loved the garden and i loved all the friendly people who waited on us .
i am sorry but i did not like the food .
i had natural chicken which was really a cornish hen which i do not like to eat .
it was not tender .
the mashed ( pureed ) potatoes were good .
i liked the brussel sprouts but i like mine a little more cooked .
the coffee was good , the wait time was long .

-1
i love port of subs but this location seems like their ingredients are not as fresh .
the bread maybe is a little old but i am not for sure .
it stinks because this is my favorite sub sandwich place and when i go to the i-17 & thunderbird or 19ave & deer valley location the sandwich is always great .
i always get the peppered pastrami on wheat with the mayo-mustard mixture ( its addictive as crack ) .
so when i go out of my way to stop here when i am in the area it is a let down and yesterday was no exception .
i hope they improve things here so i can feed my addiction when i need to .

-1
the heard museum in phoenix seems behind the times in the presentation of its exhibits plus the exhibits provide minimal information .
i was there during the native american fair and that was quite good , except for the food vendors .
the exhibit on chocolate and chili was confusing and i could not follow what the exhibit was trying to show .
the other special exhibits also provided little information ; the one showing all the native american tribes in arizona was not informative because by including all the tribes too little space was given to each one .
the best exhibit was of the indian boarding school project .
in the crush and lack of signage , we completely missed the new native american war memorial .
later , when we got a chance to read the fair booklet given museum visitors , in that we found more information on the exhibits and artists , but it was too late .
the regular museum booklet was n't helpful .

-1
to start off , i will say the food here was wonderful .
i got a 14 inch pizza which was a lot bigger than i thought it would be and it had green peppers and onions , my boyfriend got the 12 inch joeys special .
both of these pizzas were delicious .
we also had gotten the garlic knots with cheese and they have some killer marinara sauce .
everything was fresh and delicious .
their pizza crusts are also awesome .
as for the bad part .
the service sucks and i would highly recommend doing a pick up and bringing it home if you go later on in the day ( after 5 pm ) .
our waitress was your typical 19-21 year old college chick who would rather spend time talking to the other servers in the back and we barely saw her .
i finally got sick of waiting for her to come get my card to swipe it so i brought it to the front counter and the manager came over to take care of it and who comes running out to take care of me ?
to say the least , the tip was not good .
also , my boyfriend got a beer .
the beer expired in 4/2008 .
they really need to check their stock .
then his second beer got to foamy and spilled and the waitress came over with our food and we mentioned the beer spilled but she never got us additional napkins or anything .
so again , awesome food and kudos to the pizza cookers but the service sucks otherwise .
i went later on in the day however so the daytime crew ( before 5 pm ) may be better .
as for the restaurant itself , it 's nice inside .
our table was wobbly which was kind of annoying but no big deal and was fairly clean .
the bathroom had no hand soap in it though but otherwise it was really clean .
also , go for the nights that have deals on the pizza , we got 1 pizza and then the second was 50 % off .
this is for mon/tues nights .

-1
boooooooring .
what a disappointment !
i 'm all about healthy , organic food .
the meals here did not wow our tastebuds at all .
the reason most people shy away from healthier fare .
we asked the waitress a question that she clearly did not know the answer to but attempted to come across as knowledgeable .
if i remember what it was , i will repost .
it has been several months , but it was definitely un remarkable .
he had a boring pizza with the most boring of crusts .
and i had the goat cheese ravioli .
it was like eating sterile food for someone with health issues .
bland and forgettable .
healthy does n't have to be boring .
and who cares that andrew weil had any hand in this place .
am i the only one who does n't see why we should not be taking healthy eating advice from this overweight m.d . ?
we may try it out one more time to be sure , but i 'm in no rush to go back .

-1
everyone seems to hate this place , and i do now , but there was one day when i didnt .
it was my first visit to phoenix and we could walk there from my moms new condo where everyone seemed to be a midwestern jew so i felt right at home .
until i went out with a friend and saw more anorexy fake boobied blondes than i could imagine in any ryan reynolds movie .
and noooo dive bars ( next time im in town - youll all have to tell me where they are ) .
actually there was one dive bar that was great , in a strip mall that had bar shuffle board .
the one and only day that i liked the bamboo club was the first time i got orange shrimp .
it was fucking unreal .
it was on this bed of crispy spinach with a mild orangey sauce and i loved it .
every time ive been back we have gone here to get the orange shrimp and every time it has sucked more and more .
the last time , in june , we went to the one in tempe and it was not only the worst service and coldest air conned mofo but that spinach was soggy .
shameful .
i wish i could take back my first time ( not the first time ive said that ) though i doubt i will ever learn that this place sucks shit now and will waste a meal every time i visit : (

-1
ordered `` the original `` w/jalape ã±os - $ 10 !
not even a combo .
only ate half .
it was filling - but is the taste/quality worth the money ?
nope .
i 'm assuming it has to do with location .
the look of the pizza was not appetizing .
the cheese looked dry which is one of the reasons i did n't order it .
the inside was clean & organized so i appreciated that !

-1
my fiance came here on a long awaited date night , and unfortunately we were not impressed .
this place is relatively new , and maybe i should try again once they have been opened for awhile , but i just do n't think i want to .
my meal was mediocre at best , and my fiance could n't even eat half of his chicken parmigiana .
the plus side , their service was great !
our server was very friendly and quick .
maybe i would try again and just do wine and appetizers ?

-1
from the outside , lucille 's has the genteel charm of a building you 'd find somewhere in the south , like new orleans .
inside , the ambiance and decor match her exterior ; warm and hospitable .
if only the food was good .
i tried the barbecue chicken sandwich , it came with a choice of many sides ... i selected the collard greens .
typically , when one goes to a barbecue joint , ordering the bbq chicken sandwich , the expectation is a large bun with shredded barbecued chicken piled high atop one of the buns .
not here .
oh there 's a large bun alright , but it 's there for all the wrong reasons ... serving as camouflage for what it 's concealing .
at first blush , it looks large and delicious , but if you 're a food sleuth like me , you 'll want to inspect its contents .
here are the results of my examination .
removed top bun .
removed the kale leaves and glob of fried shoestring onions that gave it all its height .
huge disappointment , no chicken in plain sight .
only a large glob of melted cheese .
removed the cheese to find , and this is no exaggeration , a thin piece of chicken breast with a little barbecue sauce puddle it was swimming in .
the size of the breast was approximately 2 x 2-1/2 inches , or roughly a third the size of the bun it was sitting in .
try to imagine this .
this was like the motherlode of all things deceptive .
when i want a barbecue chicken sandwich , i want a huge glob of chicken slathered in sauce on a large bun .
not the kind of false hope lucille 's is serving up .
not going back .
but i will admire the architecture as i cruise the parking lot .
lucille 's sucks balls .

-1
we had my son 's 8th birthday party here , and spent 500 $ for 13 kids package for laser , pizza , and video cared and two adult trays of food , and 3 extra game cards for little kids .
you would think that for that much money , we would have great service , however , my husband and i were disappointed .
first , it started that when we came in , our reservation was not correct , we had made changes the day before and moved the time up 30 minutes , however , this was not passed on to the staff and it took 15 minutes for it to finally get done .
then when we went to sit down at the table , we only had one table for 16 kids and adults .
this was appalling , since we had confirmed that we had 16 kids total , and that we would have food for the adults as well .
when the 4 pizzas were put on the table , i asked about the other two trays for the adults and they brought it out , but had no where to put them , so i asked about putting it on the table next to us , that way we could get seating , but of course that was taken .
finally the host put out a folding table in the corner , squeezed in where the food was put down .
we had over 14 adults with no seating , just standing , and this was not to our liking at all .
for our sons ' birthday parties , we always like to accommodate adults with food , drinks , and seats , but this was not the case this time .
very disappointing , my husband and i have had parties in all the major venues , d & b , amazing jake 's , etc . and this was totally a disappointment , especially for the money we shelled out .
on their defense the kids liked laser tag and the arcade games were fine ( too expensive though ) , however , we did not have enough seating for a party with 16 kids and their parents ... recommendations : 1 .
enlarge the party area , do not book two tables back to back , that is very uncomfortable and frankly , rude 2 .
have two hosts for each part , our host had too much to do and slowed the party down 3 .
have some parties in the front area where the seating was , that area was totally empty

-1
not impressed .
regretting signing this lease .
had i known i 'd have red stained carpet and appliances older than me ... i would 've kept my apartment down the street .

-1
took 20 mins to get an appetizer ... then the waiter brought me a bud light when i asked twice for a budweiser ... salsa taste like water and they 're nachos were regular cheese half ass melted on chips ... this place blows ...

-1
stuffy , overpriced , and boring !
we went for breakfast ( because it appeared there was no other on resort options ) .
we were greeted by a formal gentleman in a suit and immediately felt as if we were in a courthouse and not a restaurant for breakfast .
we sat on the outdoor patio which was very nice .
the service was fine .
the food was totally boring and completely overpriced .
breakfast for 3 was $ 85.00 !
get a grip !
we left the resort the next day and ventured in to town where we found a great local place .

-1
i really had high hopes for this place .
in fact , after a less than pleasing first experience i went again in hopes that my experience was just an outlier .
sadly , turns out it was not .
the seats are really comfortable .
both times , my husband and i sat in the a/b seats and neither of us had complaints .
the food however is a completely different story .
the idea is a good one and i have had great experiences at smaller scale dine in theaters but this company really has a long ways to go until you can call their food acceptable .
the first time , i had the fish tacos and my husband ordered pepperoni pizza .
my fish tacos were terribly bland .
the fish was dry and there was just no flavor at all .
halfway through my meal , i look over and see that my husband ( who loves pepperoni pizza and can eat an entire large little caesars pizza no problem ) has barely eaten a slice .
i ask about it and he says in no less words that its the worst pizza he has ever had .
i try a bite and the whole thing tastes like plastic !
i think they must cook them in the microwave .
the second time was even worse .
my husband decided to go with the chicken strips because `` nobody can mess up microwavable chicken strips `` .
he had no comment on them so i assume they were n't horrible but were n't great either .
i had the burger , also assuming that they would n't mess up a simple burger but apparently they could .
half of my burger tasted so fishy that i can only assume they marinated the meat in sardine juice or something .
no idea how that can happen .
several of my fries also tasted very moldy , which of course i could n't confirm because you 're eating in the dark .
in addition , we made the terrible decision of seeing cloudy with a chance of meatballs the second time and although it clearly states on the screen to take your children out of the movie if they are being disruptive , nobody takes that seriously ( including the staff ) .
we were sitting in a row with about 5 young children who were all shouting and throwing temper tantrums and their infant sibling was crying hysterically the entire time .
i really did want to like this place .
i just ca n't .
i do n't see myself going back there in the near ( or distant ! )
future but if i did i would go to a pg-13 or r rated movie where hopefully there are n't screaming babies and i would not order food .
they do have angry orchard cider on draft so that is a bonus !
they get two stars from me because the first movie experience was good but zero stars for the food .

-1
i went in and ordered some chicken sandwich 's .
i got home and looky here i got whopper jr. 's .
i didnt mind as i made it work .
but i feel bad for the person who ordered a whopper jr. and got a chicken sandwich .

-1
ive been to a couple of these around the country .
but for this time this year , the service was horrible no thanks to cody d. looks like it is run by freshmen , college kids were just hanging at the hostess counter .
cody forgot my chowder and didnt apologize .
but ill say that the crab cake dinner was good so ill give an extra star for that .

-1
i needed an oil change reeeeaaaally badly ( i know , but i have a honda and those things can run on gas fumes for 30 miles and oil resin for months ) and had had an ok experience at the danny 's family on highland ( free wash with a oil change , who does n't love that ? )
but .
i checked the danny 's site and saw no promotion of the wash and did n't want to drive out of my way for nothing .
i checked yelp and this jiffy lube had the best rating i could expect for an oil change place and was up the road from work .
downloaded the coupon ( thanks for the tip , kym ) and was on my way .
pull in and i tell the guy i want the `` signature `` change which includes window wash and floor vacuum , mentioning my $ 5 off coupon .
he said that they were already running a special that was $ 13 off the $ 35 price so i said a-ok , cowboy .
i wait for about 8-10 minutes in the small waiting room ( bonus for having a phoenix magazine in the stack of muscle car monthly , oil today and antennas weekly - look , just because i 'm getting routine maintenance on my car does not mean i 'm into cars ) .
i get pulled into the garage area for the `` spiel `` everybody dreads but it was surprisingly short and non-pushy .
( i 'm glad they do n't drag you over to your engine anymore , that 's totally lame ) .
i do have to note that he tried to tell me my right front blinker , my left back blinker and my license plate lights were out .
i had just gone to checker to replace my left front blinker light and went through some extensive light checking and so found this news odd .
i kept saying as much , and he kept insisting and i was about to ask to see for myself when he calls out to another worker `` hey , was that the honda with the lights or the jeep ? ``
the other guy says `` the jeep . ``
however , there was no other car in the place .
hmmmmmmmm .
ok , so i pay up ( $ 24 altogether with a tax or fee or something added in ) and go back into the waiting area while they finish up .
i decide to use the bathroom -- and this is where the they lost two stars ( this was , up until then , quite possibly a four-star experience - wait , two stars for a bathroom , you ask ?
oh , you just wait ... ) the bathroom was filthiest thing i have seen in my life , and i 've been to some raunch truck stop pee holes .
literally , piss , in the bowl ... i get in closer and i shit you not ( pun intended ) four shit smears in the bowl as well ( yeah , i counted ) .
two rolls of tp hanging out on top of the dispenser , each with one square left on them .
realizing i need to sterilize my hands from just walking into this mess , i discover no soap or paper towels ( not very surprising ) .
as well , hair clippings all over the sink , like the guys are trimming their moustaches on their break .
un-freaking-believable .
i am still haunted by this bathroom experience .
but car 's running great !

-1
i just do n't get why people come here to shop .
a lot of made in china products and other things that make me think filler for landfills .
most of the stuff here you can get elsewhere for the same price .
someone i know mentioned reader glasses but i think as hard as i am on them they would be trashed by the first couple of days of use .
i have purchased one thing here , pumice stones , and only because i liked the color options .
a friend told me about those green bags that are for extending the shelf life of fresh produce and that 's the only reason i can into this store .
and darn it , they do n't sell them .

-1
drinks were good , but our food service was very lethargic .
our food took 46 minutes to arrive , and when it did my meal was under cooked .
all this while the tables surrounding were served and cleared .
quill not bed back for food service until something changes .
maybe we jiffy caught the kitchen at a bad time and a server who just did not care to provide quality assistance to a stranded table .

-1
do n't order a salad to go from here .
i 've had the kale and quinoa salad in the restaurant before and it was delicious .
i ordered it to go and was not impressed .
there was a very very thin layer of kale and quinoa with massive amounts of feta ( which is not on the menu description ) and dressing .
i ordered it with shrimp so it came to $ 15 for a disgusting salad that i could n't even eat .
they turned a very healthy option into a fat covered mess .

-1
i 've lived in buckeye for almost eighteen years , and i 've gone to la placita several times to have a meal .
when i was a child , i thought it was a nice place , but lately it 's been disappointing .
most of their food is mediocre compared to the many other mexican food establishments within a twenty mile radius .
if only they gave more attention and care to make their dishes taste better .
the only thing i 've ever come to enjoy is their red chile quesadilla .
aside from their chips and salsa , nothing has ever satisfied me here other than this .
along with their food issues i 've had , their servers lack any personality at all .
every time we go here , it seems we are almost forgotten about by our server .
the restaurant is never busy when this happens .
but there are positives .
the restaurant is one of a kind and a buckeye original on main street , highway 85 .
it 's expansive and really good looking inside and out with a cool adobe look .
i love this place because it 's an iconic buckeye restaurant , i just wish i would want to eat here .

-1
i was n't sure whether to give two or three stars .
i read some of the other reviews and many people are spot-on with this place .
it is oddly located , in a small strip mall-type place with limited parking .
it is a large , empty-feeling restaurant with not much to look at .
i have been here twice .
the first time i was greeted by a friendly girl who , upon learning that it was my first time , offered up samples and directions on how to order .
i found the food to be tasty and interesting but not wonderful .
my husband had the jerk chicken and was rewarded with the worse heartburn he 's ever experienced .
he was up most of the night regretting that jerk chicken .
needless to say we 'll never order jerk again .
my second visit was several months ago .
i was `` greeted `` by an unenthusiastic guy who was just ready to take my order but offered no assistance .
i politely said , `` this is my second visit but it was so long ago that i was first here i do n't remember how the combinations work ... `` i looked at him hopefully , willing him to explain a little to me .
he looked back at me , i guess hoping i would just order something .
i tried again to ask in a more direct way if he could explain the system to me , since it is complicated and no where does it explain to you exactly how to order .
if you just look at the menu it is confusing and i do n't know exactly what i 'm looking at .
he seemed annoyed and handed me a paper copy of their menu and sort of quickly explained a couple things .
i was in a hurry and at this point i just decided to order some things and see what happened .
again , i had some food that was interesting but not wonderful .
it is like the first few bits are quite flavorful and tasty ... then after a bit you start feeling like you do n't want any more .
at least that is how i felt .
i may not try it again here .

-1
if you go there , go for the girls , wings and burgers .
the rest of the food is pretty marginal .
my pet peeve there is they bring out the sauces in the little vacuum sealed cups that you get at jack in the box or mcdonald 's , ( come on this is a restaurant cant they make fresh ranch ) ? ? ?
it is a sports bar to and drink beer and watch sports , chat up the waitresses and watch sports on one of the many tvs ... dont go there expecting much more .

-1
i went here with my friend for lunch .
the hostess ( if that 's what you 'd call her ) ignored the line of people to cash a tab for a server and did n't acknowledge us .
i think everytime she sat someone down , she went in the back to stuff her face , because she took forever to come back .
so finally when we thought we were going to be seated , she goes to cash another check and tells a waiter to seat us .
he seats us right next to the men 's restroom , so my friend went and asked the hostess if we could move and she said yeah sit wherever .
finally a server says he 'll be with us , then a famale server takes our drink orders .
it was n't organized at all .
then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that did n't work .
so she just ordered a bottle which was $ 5.00 .
i ordered the chili cheese fries .
the chili came on the side , which i was glad for .
it was pretty gross , it tasted like they put sweet bbq sauce in it and it 's called volcano yeah right .
i was very disappointed and will not return here .
if you like crappy service and frozen , reheated food then go for it .

-1
i have visited this location about four times now , each with a different set of employees i had n't seen the time before .
food is always good but service is questionable .
two times i tried to visit this location they were n't supposed to be closed for another 30 minutes according to the sign but the doors we locked and they waived me off .
the times i have been able to beat their inconsistent closing they looked like they did n't want me there very much because of the upcoming closing times .
wont visit anymore

-1
ok here is the short and not so sweet .
this place is not good , over priced , and located in the back of the biltmore for a good reason .
just think reasonably good restaurants ie , zin burger , tru foods , capital grill are all visible in the front of the biltimore .
ok enough said on location .
we came after happy hour , apparently the time where this place is semi decent because food and drinks are half off .
we ordered drinks that were overpriced and short pours .
it is a wannabe higher end wine lounge .
ok on to the overpriced and over salted food .
beet salad was decent .
wild mushroom pizza was more salt than pizza .
burger was burnt and truffle fries were ok .
the kicker of the evening were when 2 women showed up and decided to sit next to us , when the whole lounge was empty .
anyways , they were loud and winey and complaining how they had been recently dumped ( i wonder why ? )
then christopher gross came outside .
my husband and i thought he was making the rounds , which would have been nice , but that was not the case .
he sat his right next to the obnoxious girls and fed into their bitching .
he even supplied them with champagne .
well i guess if my restaurant was completely empty i would hit on pathetic patrons too .
so you guessed it , i will not be returning .

-1
mel rose st fair was jammin ' and gave us the opportunity to duck into los compadres for eats .
previous reviewers helped me out and i went straight for the cheese crisp with chili strips .
their kitchen was great and delivered the crisp light on cheese , as ordered .
my beau tried the remaining of the menu ; taco , tamale , and green chili enchilada .
his dishes were ok .
tamales do n't compete with local fare .
beans are definitely good .
restaurant is clean .
just not spicy enough for us .

-1
typical casual dining fake asian food .
five spieces edamame - super excited about this because it was free with a foursquare check in and i 'm a cheap asian , but it was cheap anyway especially during their everlasting happy hour black orchid ahi - really mediocre , the soy sauce that came with was gross evil jungle princess with chicken - completely overrated , basically a huge bowl of generic sauce and oil dump

-1
some days are good , some days are bad .
i have experienced the good and the bad of pasand .
i have experienced great service and horrible service from the same person .
when my family and i first tried pasand , we had a very family warming type experience .
the food was exceptional as we each tried a variety of north and south indian foods .
there was also a time where the server took the food out too late and the dosas turned out cold .
he did not offer to refire another one .
in another experience , my dad got sick the next day .
it is hard to dine some where when you do n't know how it will turn out .

-1
let me start by saying the service was great .
barbara is an attentive and caring server who works hard to please the customer .
that being said ... my boyfriend and i came to salut after recommendations from a mutual friend .
in addition yelp stated their happy hour was till 7pm .
we arrived at 6:30 and ordered two glasses of cab .
it was good and looking over the menu i was excited .
the food seemed promising and reasonably priced .
when i asked if the bruschetta was on happy hour barbara informed us that they changed their happy hour till 6:30 .
everything was full price .
we were fine with that .
i ordered the piquillo bruschetta .
my boyfriend the pepperonata sandwich .
the bruschetta had a pepper spread , green bell peppers , onion , bacon and smoked gouda .
when it came out i was already disappointed .
when i order bruschetta i expect the bread to be crunchy ( i know what is bruschetta ... i 'm italian ) .
the bread was n't even close to toasted .
the `` pepper `` spread tasted like it was bbq sauce out of a bottle mixed with ketchup and some pepper for a kick .
the bell peppers , onion , and gouda were diced .
the bacon was diced as well and cold .
it 's as if the chef cut bread slapped bbq sauce on it cut the veggies and let the bacon thaw out before placing it on the top .
i 'm not confident the bacon was anymore then thawed out .
cooked ?
not sure .
the piquillo bruschetta can beat described as a red baron frozen pizza , left outside of the freezer , thawed and served .
my boyfriends sandwich was n't much better .
he ate maybe a quarter of it and gave up .
we both focused on the fries ( the only saving grace to the meal ) .
while their wine and beer selection is appealing , their food is disappointing .
i could make it at home for even cheaper then 9 bucks .
barbara needs to get picked up by a place like postino .
her work ethic and eagerness to please the customer is better served in a place that puts effort into their food .
this postino wannabe has a pretty appealing menu with a disappointing end result .
salut ! ! ! !
update i got food poisoning .
this was the last meal i ate .
i 'm about 95 % sure it is what caused me to get sick .

-1
i was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating .
i have had better chicken from chick-fil - a. general lack of flavor .
i feel like i was at a different restaurant than what everyone else experienced .
my boyfriend got the scallops ... same mediocrity .

-1
i 've been to breadfruit a couple of times now .
my most recent experience was in the last 48 hours with a couple of friends .
i should start this review my noting that i love jamaican food .
in general , i love foods that mix fruity and spicy , and yet are n't too heavy on the stomach .
for the food , the coleslaw and corn are excellent side items .
the bread is decent , and interesting flavour , though a bit on the tough side .
for main dishes i have had the jerk chicken and jerk prawns .
indeed , for me , the jerk chicken was the better .
the shrimp was not filling at all ... $ 15 for 5 prawns is not only a rip-off for a restaurant that serves with paper napkins , but it leaves you wanting more ... in a bad way .
the plantain and avocado rolls are perhaps the only thing on the menu worth the price .
they are perfectly paired with the mango chutney .
the scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well .
the waiter might have done well by us to mention that the `` half order `` for $ 12 had only 2 medium-sized scallops .
for $ 21 , you could get the `` full order `` , but then , what 's the point ?
also at the table was a house salad of sorts , which while it has potential , went half-eaten .
also , a plus , they have finally gotten a beer license , so they can finally serve , appropriately , jamaican red stripe lager .
at $ 4.50 , it is n't the best deal in downtown phoenix though .
nickel and dimed again !
as for the service and management , there are not positive signs for this restaurant .
it has managed to stay in business , and good on them .
on the other hand , while the dã©cor is nice and pleasant - typical jamaican with it 's yellow and green walls , the place is noisy .
and that is odd considering we were the only three patrons in the restaurant .
management would do well to put up a plexiglass room divider .
the restaurant does have a nice glass faã§ade , which allows a pleasant view of the street .
unfortunately , the location is on 1st and pierce , which offers some of the worst views in all of downtown phoenix .
alas , this location goes to waste .
it really is impressive that the place has n't closed down .
my last impression is of the wait staff .
while the staff two years ago was helpful and polite , we three agreed that the new staff was pushy and unhelpful .
over and over , we were pushed to order items we insisted we did n't want .
and when it came to selling us on the dishes and informing us of the small skewer of prawns or the 2-scallop appetizer , he seemed to have forgotten .
i guess it 's a bit like a used car salesman .
too bad i ca n't think of another jamaican restaurant in phoenix , i 'd love to try it next time !

-1
red haired bartender was nice - interesting smell at the bar ( sewer ) my glass stuck to my hand ( beer ) .
.
it was around 10pm .
strange the diamondback / sf game was n't on any tv ?
what 's up with that !
pretty sure i wo n't be back unless bar rescue shows up to clean the bar .

-1
this was my second visit to the hsg .
the first time i went for blues in the barn .
the entertainment was my favorite local bluesman , paris james .
the barn was very cold and the servers insisted on leaving the doors open .
service was slow and the menu was limited , not the same as in the main restaurant .
but the entertainment was wonderful .
when a friend suggested going for dinner i was interested to try some items from the full menu .
i arrived early , not knowing how bad the traffic would be .
it was 15 minutes before the restaurant opening time .
the door was unlocked so i went inside , stated that i realized i was early , but would it be ok to just get a glass of wine and hang out until my dinner companion arrived .
i was told `` no `` in no uncertain terms , so i went back outside to wait .
strike 1 .
when my friend arrived she asked for a cocktail not on the menu and was told that they did n't know how to make it and would n't guarantee it would be any good , strike 2 .
as an appetizer we had the polenta fries , which were crispy and tasty with a zesty chile aoli .
for my entree i had the veggie trio .
the presentation was beautiful .
the portions were miniscule .
for $ 16 i got 4 small slices of beets , a tiny tasting cup of delicious soup with toasted hazelnuts on top , and one arancini ( fried risotto ball ) with a tiny carafe of tomato sauce .
the arancini was yummy and crisp on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside .
the beets were also flavorful .
in spite of having only three filled tables , service by two waiters and a wine steward was snail-like all through the meal , becoming surly when we asked for a coffee and a hot tea after dinner .
we were never offered water , coffee or tea refills .
strike 3 .
all in all , i will not be going back to hsg .
i enjoyed the food , but the surly , slow service coupled with the expensive menu items make this spot a poor value in spite of the lovely old house and charming patio in which the restaurant is situated .

-1
the stock was not that good especially since it was during the holidays .
i really did n't like the need to search for the price of things since it was n't on the items or anywhere near the item .
disappointed in many ways .

-1
i hate to do this but my last visit here was horrible which was 45 min ago !
thats how bad it was that i had to yelp it right away ... food was like normal ive been going there for years now .
but the service was horrible ! ! !
not once did we get ask for refills and i drink water like crazy !
i asked for the manager and we talked but she seem to be so defenseive lke the owners on hells kitchen i couldnt believe it ... = -lsb- i hope this service changes around .

-1
ambiance was fantastic , even better was the horchata margarita !
however , i could not eat the food as it was so salty .
why do n't restaurants realize us baby boomers are a good portion of the people going out to dinner and we all try to keep our blood pressure down ?
carnitas street tacos were tasteless and the tortillas were dripping with steam table juice ... never again !
wait staff was excellent ...

-1
we took a trip on our lunch hour to grab some grub for work .
i had the burrito special `` chicken piccata `` .
umm as long as i have lived , chicken piccata consists of : chicken breast cutlets , dredged in flour , browned , served with sauce of butter , lemon juice , capers , and stock or wine .
right ?
this was none of those things .
.
it was more like a chicken fajita burrito and bland at that .
it was decent and hefty but im sorry baja fresh blows this place out of the water .

-1
not impressed .
i walked in and there was no other customers in the place .
their was 2 dirty tables and the salsa bar was a mess .
there was no lids either for take out .
when i left with my take out the two tables had still not been cleaned up and there still was no other customers .
we ordered a bean and cheese burrito , california burrito , and the taco plate .
bean burrito tasted old , california was just ok the meat was really fatty , the tacos seemed to be fried in old oil and was really greasy .
the workers were not that friendly , not mean ... they were just there to take an order and nothing more was the attitude .
i had seen good reviews on this place i was hoping for a new mexican hole in the wall but this is not it .
doubtful i would go back .
there are much more fast food mexican places in the area that i feel are better for the same price .

-1
i really hate to do this but i feel i should .
i finally got a chance to check out pam and i to taste that very strange `` tap water `` taste .
its in just about everything i tried here .
i ordered the spaghetti with meatballs , gnocchi and a pizza as well .
everything i ate had that very strange tap water taste .
it overwhelms the taste of the food enough that i just cant eat it .
its really to bad to , the person who took my order ( i think it was the owner ) was extremely nice and very helpful .
i really like the feel of the place as well .
it has that nice little `` mom and pop `` feel to it .
and the food looks like it is very high quality but i just cant get assed that odd taste .
it very well could be the horrible tap water we have here in phoenix .
if the owner reads this please try to start filtering your water .
i believe it could make a big difference and remove that taste .
i wish pam the absolute best of luck with the new store in scottsdale and everything else they do .
unfortunately i will not be going back .
thanks , c.k .

-1
good beer .
average food .
horrible service .
ownership seems uninterested in overall experience .

-1
check-in was nice .
easy and breezy !
and then it went downhill from there .
i was waiting in my room for about 35 minutes for pillowcases that i had requested .
when i called back 15 minutes after the initial request to see if they were bringing it up , the clerk interrupted me with an attitude and told me that they are busy and they will bring it up when they can with no estimated time given .
it was 12:30 am !
i requested them a little after 12 .
i did n't receive them until 12:50 .
why am i needing new pillowcases ?
see the pictures i added .
there are some black stuff on all four of the pillows that are on the bed .
nasty .
makes me question if they even cleaned this bed .
other than the terrible service , the hotel is beautiful .
i just wish they took better care of the rooms as they did on the rest of the hotel .
i will not be staying here again .

-1
ok food is pretty good .
so why the two stars .
$ 30 for 2 adults and a kid .
service is horrible .
the place smells like sewer back up so bad it makes you sick .
it is not worth the $ 30 to go to this place .
i am just not sure why the great rating .
like i said food was good but over priced .
add in the environment and this is not a great place .

-1
i want to love this place .
the location is great , the view is nice , the staff seem nice , and the prices are reasonable .
however , the food needs serious work .
the dessert menu needs to be replaced entirely .
i tried the mud pie and it was a huge slab of very hard frozen ice cream - not good .
i also tried the caprese salad the other day .
the tomatoes could have used more basil but were ok .
on the other hand , the small balls of mozzarella were far too numerous .
i would rather have a few chunks of better cheese .
the whole salad was covered in cheap ( gross ) parmesan cheese ( as was the bread ) .
this stuff is not cheese .
it has no taste and it does n't belong on a caprese salad in the first place .
i suppose some parmigiano reggiano could have been ok , but if that is too expensive , skip it .
i will be back , because i have been waiting for a neighborhood place , but please work on the food .
good food does not have to be super expensive , but it takes some care with ingredients and preparation .
i hope to update my rating with at least another star in the near future - if not , i am sad to say , it wo n't matter because this restaurant will be gone .

-1
i tried this place for lunch because it was close to work .
i love pho , and was happy that this was so accessible for me .
i wo n't be coming back though , so i suppose accessibility does n't matter .
the pho broth was tasteless , with very little good meat bits .
usual accompaniments ( bean sprouts , jalapeno , hoisin sauce , sriracha , basil , etc . ) were either below par or missing entirely .
our table was filthy , the floor was sticky , and the whole experience was generally unpleasant .
the spring rolls were pretty good , but not worth the rest of the experience .
if you can , go to pho ao sen .

-1
i have to say that i 'm underwhelmed with the level of customer service i received from progressive .
so much so , that i 'm going to usaa now that my claim is over .
i filed a claim and my car was not looked at for almost an entire week .
( concierge claims service ? )
then , the shop that was repairing my vehicle had to call for a `` supplemental `` issue .
you guessed it ... 4 more days before i even got a call .
incidentally , the did cover my issue and they did pay promptly .
if i 'm paying a premium fee , i expect to be treated much much better .
the usaa insurance rate was significantly less .

-1
been here twice for a sandwich and piece of cake .
both were ok .
service was a bit odd both times .
nice patio atmosphere .
if their hours did n't suck it would be a sweet place for coffee and a piece of cake in the morning .
missed opportunity .

-1
more often than not i end up with nothing .
i have small feet and need to try things on first since medium is n't a width i can always make work .
the staff is friendly , but it really does suck when all i have to choose from are clunky looking dansko .
i do n't often dress down that far to have those shoes be a staple in my wardrobe .
what a letdown .

-1
went there for saturday morning bufett .
food cold , dirty place , restrooms old and moldy .
wont go back ! !

-1
i tried a variety of things to get an idea about this place and was pretty disappointed .
the chicken kabob wrapped in a pita fell apart and , more importantly , the chicken pieces were undercooked and red in the middle .
the hummus was quite bland but the falafel were ok with excellent tzatziki , as was the pita bread .
overall i was very underwhelmed and probably wo n't be back .
there are several better options in central phoenix for this type of cuisine .

-1
i was in the mood for a burger and thought i would give this place a try based on reviews and being in close proximity .
the atmosphere is good , but the hostess that seated me looked more like a customer and was busy talking to a friend .
i ordered the 5 oz relapse know poblano burger cooked medium wrapped in lettuce with the sweet pototoes .
i was surprised how quick it came out and after my first bite , it was obviously undercooked .
basically it was lightly browned on the outside and cold and raw in the middle .
i sent it back and it was replaced with no problem , but still more on the medium rare side than medium .
the sweet potato tots were ok , but i think they could offer something of better quality .
i was not impressed enough to go back and prefer the burgers and fries at red robin over the rehab burger therapy .

-1
food was blah .
nothing exciting .
the bbq sauce was a typical kind of sweet , sticky sauce -- did n't capture my taste buds .
the chicken was a bit dry even though i asked for dark meat .
the ribs were sitting out for awhile or so it tasted and they were dry as well .
bobby q still tops my list for phoenix .

-1
i 'm basing my review of my visit .
i 've been a big fan of the wings at native from their chandler location and bell rd . off the 17 .
i was so excited to see they were opening one up right down the street from me .
when i called my order in , i could tell the girl on the other end was new .
so i made sure to say everything slowly and precise .
she then told me she was writing the order down and will put it in the computer after the manager was done with something .
i walked in and they could n't find my order right away .
they found it written on a tablet next to the register .
luckily it was only a few minutes and my wings were ready to go .
once i got home i opened them all excited to eat my favorite juiciest greasiest yummy asiago parmesan wings .
sadly though ... it looked as if they just grabbed some wings that just got done and dusted the parmesan on them .
i actually had to use the ranch dressing .
.
( something i never do with those wings ) .
i 'm used to the wings being super dripping with ( i know it sounds gross ) grease and oil from the asiago and the parmesan is all clumped up and coated all over .
they were n't like this at all .
.
i had plain wings with a little parmesan on them .
: (

-1
i had high hopes for this place .
we were drawn in by the vegan and vegetarian signs .
there are tons of signs .
on the other hand , we came in at dinner time on a saturday and the place was empty ; literally .
we were handed menus and were shocked to see it was a regular restaurant with small vegetarian section .
we were about to leave and told them we thought it was a veggie restaurant and then we were handed veggie menus .
we ordered soy beef noodle soup and the waitresses was gon na put in an order for real beef .
we had to tell her four times .
needless to say we were very worried .
the cook came out and double checked our order and assured us we ordered vegetarian dishes .
the soup was good .
however after our meal , their credit card machine was down and someone had to call in the card number over the phone .
the cook ( owner ? ? )
seemed really nice and she said she was veggie and was transitioning the restaurant .
in my opinion this place could benefit from going 100 % veg and advertising .

-1
in one of my favorite movies michael ( john travolta & andie macdowell ) it has one scene in it where they are at a cafã© and andie 's character sings this fun song about pies : pie pie me oh my nothing tastes sweet , wet , salty and dry all at once o well it 's pie apple !
pumpkin !
minced an ' wet bottom .
come to your place everyday if you 've got em ' pie me oh my i love pie so i was with friends headed up to flagstaff for some shenanigans and one said hey we should stop at rock springs cafã© for some pie , mind you we only been on the road for 20 mins and it was barely 11 , but hey its perfect pie time right ? ? ? ?
so i got that pie song stuck in my head and was thinking of all the glorious pies i get to try !
peach , apple , cherry , banana cream , coconut cream , pecan pies , chocolate silk pies ! !
oh i was very happy to be making that stop and was singing pie pie me oh my ! ! !
i was ready to get a table at the cafã© and share some pies with my friends !
when we got there , how quickly things changed .
my excitement for being there was swiftly killed by the lack of customer service and rudeness of people who worked there .
i went up to the hostess podium and said we are a party of 5 , we were asked what our purpose was , i told her to try some of your famous pies , we were told that they did not want us taking up tables in the cafã© if we were just eating pies .
( gawd forbid we would want to stop at a place that has famous pies and want to try said pies ) we were directed to a stand to order our pies .
now i did n't come to get a piece of pie in a plastic container as if i was ordering it from burger king or something .
i wanted to sit down and have my pie presented on a plate , after all they say there pies are world famous , present it like it is , instead of fast food plastic stuff .
the pie of the month looked really interesting and i would have ordered , but nope they are out .
i went with the jack daniels pecan pie , it was $ 4.50 for the slice , now to me , it tasted like regular pecan pie , which by the way is my favorite pie , it was perfectly sweet and the pecans had a good crunch on them , but could n't tell it was made with jd .
it just did n't wow me .
and i now felt like this stop was a waste of my time , i do n't see me going 50 miles out of my way to order a plastic container of pie , they might as well just open up a drive through , the staff is already rude like most fast food places and if i want a pie that will wow me i can pick up a chocolate silk turtle pie in the freezer section at the local grocery store for under 5 bucks !
( edwards turtle pie , if you have n't tried , you should wow ! )
the 2 stars was for the pecan pie , it was good , just did n't wow me like a world famous pie should .

-1
start to finish del frisco was just ok .
parking was a bit of a conundrum , maybe better investigation was needed before we left the house , but mid day sunday we were confused and left the car behind in the lot without confidence .
we were meeting a group for brunch and not only did we arrive before anyone in our group but we were the first to arrive at the restaurant that day .
the front doors were open but the hostess was real quick to say `` we are not open yet `` i felt shoed away and we sat outside for the next 10 minutes .
reservations were made well in advance and we were the first table sat that day , yet the two tables pushed together for our group were miss matched , as if an after thought .
it was brunch in a beautiful space yet the restaurant experience was just boring .
take your order ... bring your drinks ... drop your food ... get your check , all executed `` ok `` except the last .
when ok ends in failure its a big scuff on a restaurant that i imagine has higher standards .
to sum up service it ranged from boring to bad .
by the way it took more then 20 minutes to prepare checks .
the server was visible and visibly so confused that it was painful to watch .
finally one person in our party just gave her a card and paid for everyone , thus eliminating everyone 's discomfort .
as far as the food my dish was tasty i had one of the benedict 's , and i enjoyed every last bite , however that was the only thing i tasted at brunch .
i feel there should have been more like some bread , a pastry , fruit , or an amuse .
nope just like denny 's nothing special , no surprises .
someone asked me to recommend a spot for brunch yesterday and i did n't recommend del frisco fresh off a meal a week ago , i think that says a lot about my experience .
del frisco 's needs to stop taking orders and serving food and make dining in their beautiful place an event , identify service missteps and fix them , and start brunch with a little something special from the kitchen .

-1
great beer selection with mediocre food !
the service is painfully slow .
we have been there 3 times and each time we have waited at least 10 minutes before being acknowledged .
they are always understaffed .
the last time we were there , we asked for the manager , since our server was also tending bar on a busy friday night .
the manager seemed a little irritated that she had to be `` bothered `` to take our order .
we still go back because they serve some of our favorite beers on tap ~ we will just go when we have loads of free time to wait for service !

-1
i do n't get all of the great reviews .
yes , the owner is constantly there , that 's nice , but its the food that counts .
i did not try any of the soups , which i hear are very good , but if i had to sum up the dish i did get it would be plain .
i got the steak kababs with rice and tomato .
the steak is seasoned with salt and pepper .
that 's it .
the rice has `` vegetable oil `` and some `` vegetable seasoning `` .
that 's it .
no ghee , no saffron .
the tomato was n't even grilled , just sliced .
the portion of rice was good , but there were only about 5 small pieces of steak .
all this for 9.99 .
i think it was the most expensive item on the menu , and certainly not impressive .

-1
i have n't even gotten my food ( to go ) yet , but they gave my order to someone else , then made it with the wrong side , and now i 'm hoping i make my flight .
folks standing to order while a gal stands playing with her phone in fruit of them .
idiots .

-1
brand new remodel .
unfortunately they did n't renovate what needed it most , the employees !
service is awkward and very slow .
`` mgr `` just walked into the restroom with his food prep apron on .
nice .

-1
hanny 's is two things .
.
and neither at full potential .
1st , it is very chic and modern in a retro feel .
as far the the interior style and potential i give it 5 stars .
i was told the basement will be a full blown dance club in the future .
but for now .
.
this place is completely underused .
there is a second bar upstairs , but on a friday night i counted more open tables then filled ones .
.
so clearly the second bar is premature .
2nd , the pizza tastes good , the flavor i thought was there .
but give me a fucking break , 17 bucks for a crispy saltine baked at 600 degrees with some toppings ... drinks were strong .
.
saving grace on the menu side of this review .
but i think the pricing is seriously out of wack for what you get .
no free birthday dessert ... better and lesser places have no problem doing this .
hell if i was a server .
.
i would have compped it either way .
.
it was a table of 10 people drinking and my tip alone was 40 bucks .
not to mention the unrequested table bread ... that was put on my bill .
.
what the fuck ! ! !
it will be awhile before i come back to hanny 's like i said the potential for a 5 star awesome place is there .
but seriously the clown menu needs some revisions .
.
if you want to charge this much for dining , get a real menu deserving of it .
hopefully the wait staff too .
at one point in the night i saw 3 servers standing around by the main entrance .
look busy asshole .
coolest thing would be the dj nest over the dining area .
also the bathrooms , which i believe used to be dressing rooms .
i can totally see some awesome carnal experiances in these private bathrooms .
but i think it 's kinda weird the bathrooms are 20 feet from the upstairs bar .
.
and in line of sight ... hanny 's i wish you the best .
.
and hope you can grow up to be what you want to be .
send me a kite when you do .
.
i look forward to hearing from you .

-1
this review is not about the food .
it is strictly about their service .
it is horrible !
as i just got done sitting at our table for 25 min with no drinks , no `` i 'll be right with you `` nothing ... we got up and began to leave a pretty much empty restaurant our `` waitress `` met us and asked if she could take our order .
i let her know it was a bit too late for her token service .
so i took my family to another restaurant i know has good service .

-1
used to love this place , and still think very highly of the food , but the recent emergence of awful attitudes from the owners and staff has put them in the back seat .
make no mistake , it is the best sushi in town , and koji-san is the best chef , but everything else about it stinks .
the wait staff is surly , and nobody could care less if you were actually in the restaurant .
it is a byob , which i kind of like , but only if i can stop by aj 's and get a nice bottle of sake or shochu before hand .
i recommend the ahi as it is always super fresh , and the mackerel is served in an extremely unique fashion .
nothing like looking something in the eye while you eat it .

-1
as much as i like the service here , it 's the unabashed lies and endless waiting amid gaggles of shrilly giggling xavier girls that has chapped my ass to the point where i 'm done with this place .
they have a handy trick of popping you in the pedicure throne with your feet in the water without telling you how long the wait is , and by the time you 've realized it 's going to be forty minutes ' wait , it seems like more of a hassle to get up and dry your feet .
clever me started asking how long the wait was as soon as i walked through the door , at which point someone inevitably looks around and lies through their teeth when they say `` 10 or 15 minutes `` .
multiply that by three and maybe you get the truth .
once i even made an appointment , trying to avert frustration , but my payoff was that i `` only `` waited 20 minutes .
c'mon , people , it 's plain old rude to lie , so as much as i love the neck and shoulder massages , i 'm done ...

-1
i had lunch at thai hut for the first time this week .
my first impression was not at all favorable as i drove into the parking lot .
there was trash littering the parking lot , and the side of the building and the door were dirty .
it was not an inviting scene and i almost left .
once inside , the scene was more favorable though walking through a deserted dining room to get to the front room also did not leave a good impression .
i thought i had really made a mistake coming to thai hut .
i was pleasantly surprised to find that the front area of the restaurant was very nice , bright , and clean .
the servers greeted me warmly .
my server was delightful , helpful and cheerful .
she gave me time to decide , answered my questions knowledgeably , and delivered my meal quickly .
all the servers were professional and warm .
that was a good sign .
the soup and egg roll that accompanied my lunch were a nice touch , though the soup was much too salty for my taste .
i ordered the glass noodles .
while the dish was okay , it was also salty and lacked the flavorfulness i enjoy when eating the same dish at siam or thai lahna or touch of thai .
i was hoping this would be a great restaurant , but it 's not .
it was nothing special , and left me wishing for something really good .

-1
so i had my daughter and one of her friends with me and decided to brave a costco visit .
they have lots of samples and toys .
we tried a lot of samples , but did n't play with the toys much this visit .
we went to gets some cheese for the cheese fair on wednesday at my daughter 's after school program .
so naturally , what would take me five minutes turned into half an hour .
i picked up a pack of babybel cheese for the cheese fest and headed to the cashiers .
as usual , there was a longer-than-the-supermarket wait .
it 's finally my turn , and i give the cashier my card , and he tells me that it is expired .
`` can we get a manager on aisle 4 please ! ! ``
so the manager comes over , and the cashier pleads my case like a champ , `` his card expired and he just wants to get the bag of cheese , he 'll renew next time . ``
i would have renewed then , but , of course , my mastercard and visa are no good at costco .
i have the cash for the cheese , but not for the renewal as well .
the manager looks at my accounts and tells me that it has been expired since may , and that he ca n't let me buy the cheese .
so apparently my wife and i had n't been to costco since before may , but i 'm sure it appeared as if i were a serial non-renewer .
that might be plausible if i were n't buying a single 24 pack of babybels .
yeah , i 'm refusing to renew so that i can buy well priced cheese wrapped in wax .
the wax is actually really cool .
so i lower my head in shame , gather up the kids , leave the cheese , am given back my expired card with a `` you do n't want to forget this , `` and head for the door to tell the people who make sure that you are n't shoplifting that there is nothing to check because i could n't get the cheese for my daughter 's cheese tasting .
by the way , i chucked the card because it was obviously the cards fault , or maybe i just did n't want the reminder .

-1
must declare the breakfast has been delicious on each of the four occasions i 've dined here .
if i was grading on food only , easily 4 stars .
however , as good as the food is there is much not to like , as well .
i have yet to experience friendly staff , especially at the counter .
i think i noticed a hint of a condescending smile after the pony tailed brunette finished taking my recent order .
i understand the economy effects many sides of small business , but a friendly staff requires zero cost .
especially after waiting in line in their cramped quarters .
i actually think the customers are very friendly and that tends to mask the unfriendliness of the staff on the above noted visit , i stood waiting for a table for awhile after ordering .
i did n't think it would be long as i noticed a table ready to be bussed .
it was a larger table so i knew we would wait for a smaller one and give the larger one to another party , but kept my eye on it anyway as a last resort .
the four gals behind the counter had a pause in walk up clients and all stood there staring at each other for a full 5 minutes before one decided to bus the table .
it looked like they were suffering from `` not my job `` syndrome .
my other two major complaints are the closeness of the tables and the lack of patio heaters .
with an eager breakfast crowd that has no choice but to seek seating on the patio , would n't outdoor heaters be nice in winter months ?
seems like a no brainer to me when the seating is such an issue .
this restaurant has an opportunity to be a really lovely breakfast and lunch spot , but someone needs to pay attention to these glaringly obvious shortcomings in basic restaurant hospitality .
update as of 12/5/11 : owner took the time to send me a note regarding my review .
very much appreciated the professionalism he showed in his note .
seemed genuinely concerned about the impression his staff left on clients .
he is working on heaters for the patio .

-1
i feel kind of bad for giving this establishment two stars but i really feel like the place has gone downhill compared to the past .
i used to like a lot of the games here ; taiko drum master ( a drumming music game ) , an authentic japanese photo booth , the ufo catcher machines you would normally see only in japan ... they 're all gone now .
i 'm not sure if this is because gameworks parted with sega but a lot of the really cool things have been replaced by generic token-eating machines .
my boyfriend and i are avid rhythm game fans but were seriously disappointed with how they treat their machines .
two of the dance dance revolution games have broken first-player pads , which essentially makes them useless and the drum game they replaced taiko with has a broken stick .
when we gave up playing those games for a bit and went play others : a ) a good number of games were out of order b ) our tokens were jammed three times in three separate machines c ) tickets were not refilled in some of the machines d ) a button was broken on their prize machines ( the ones you hit a button to win a prize ) so we had to call the manager over to fix the situation .
we had to ask an employee working to help us multiple times and it was obvious she was getting fed up .
that made me fed up because she was standing around the rest of the time talking to her coworker .
the only redeeming thing during this trip was that it was happy-hour so all games were half-price .
the games are overpriced anyway so it made the trip a little more bearable .
i 've been here multiple times in the past and normally i would come back in a heartbeat but now i 'm hesitant .
gameworks really needs to step up their game and stop getting rid of everything that once made them special .

-1
okay so here 's your review from a chicagoan in town .
i really wanted to like this place .
great name , great music playing and whoever designed the decor deserves a bonus .
this place looks and sounds great .
if i worked nearby this would be my local option for drinking .
staff are also pros and nice .
now let 's get to the food .
no joke , fire the chef .
not that the food is bad but it 's just nothing specia i.e . bland .
it sounds interesting but when it comes out you 're like `` eh thats it ? ``
this place needs food that 's wow ! !
to match the rest of the package .
also you need to up the craft brew count .
for the record i had the rock shrimp appetizer - aka plain ole fried shrimp .
and the beef rib stew - bland with very little meat and putting a fried egg on top did n't do much for the flavor either .
honestly the cornbread was the best part .
get a new chef and revamp the menu .
oh and they need a list of their hard liqour cause there 's lots of bottles but only the bar manager knew what kind of scotch they had .

-1
i 've been here several times , last week was the straw though .
i bought several items - one being an espresso machine for the boy .
i inspected three boxes of the espresso machine which all had been dropped or opened .
i asked an associate to see if they were getting any more in , he just said no without looking it up .
i opened the one with the ripped tab which might have been from someone picking the box up , the machine was still wrapped up , styrofoam in place and all so i decided to buy it and return it if there was a problem .
i stood in line for over 30 minutes ( which i do n't mind - i understand my sorry butt did n't think about getting it sooner ) however 3 days prior to xmas they only had 2 people running check out and returns .
i was about the 10th in line too .
* handface * anyhoo , the clerk was very courteous and did n't have any issues with my 20 % off coupons so once i was at the stand it was a breeze .
fast forward to xmas morning ... boy is super happy with the awesome espresso maker and beans from coffee rush i purchased .
he opens it up to find that it had clearly been a returned item ... as almost all of the frother , cups , cleaning pieces were missing ... empty cardboard box was what we found inside .
and it had been dropped - bottom of the water container was shattered .
i just about cursed because as a store - getting a returned item from a customer ... and a $ 300 item as well .
.
do n't you think to check it first before putting it back on the shelf ? ?
fast forward 2 days post-xmas ... go into the bbb store with the espresso machine which is heavy , i waited in line but what i observed was pretty stupid .
the one associate who was doing returns was definitely over-run with a line of 5 + people , the manager next to her was just looking around ... completely void of the line of customers or that the associate had asked him for help .
once he did get the hint a few minutes later after walking across the returns area several times , he tried to help a customer but they turned around and asked the other associate what to do .
not very impressed by the managers lack of knowledge and inability to help customers .
you are a manager - know how to complete a return .
oh yea and the process to get a new espresso machine ... since there were n't any in stock , i waited to return the purchase one , returned it , was then sent back to the kitchen area where another associate ordered another one , who then sent me back to the front to wait in line again to get my refund amount ( since we chose a different model with a refund of $ 10 ) .
they could n't have done that at one station with one associate so i did n't have to wait in line twice for the same transaction and use up 3 different associates time ? ?
ugh ... if not for those 20 % of coupons i would buy everything online .

-1
have eaten here a couple of times because it is close by , but each time i was slightly less pleased than the time before .
service is inconsistent and inefficient and the host ( if that is what he was ) was not welcoming .
only a handful of tables occupied , so it was not busy .
i was served my wine in a glass that you could tell the dishwasher did not get the lipstick prints off from the previous user -- that was a disappointment .
server was nice enough , so i did not complain .
pasta dish was too oily for me and the sun-dried tomatoes were all clumped in an oily glop in the center , and i wished i had ordered the salad for dinner like i had there a different time as it was much better .

-1
i used to love to eat at this place .
but it seems everyone goes there and is always packed .
not enough cooks & servers to feed the mass of people who eat there .
the staff always seems rude , to wait for your food for about an hour is crazy .
you do n't even have to wait that long a a steak house where the food is cooked fresh , not sitting .

-1
ok , so we 're visitors that come from one of the asian cusine meccas of the united states .
but all in all , this restaurant was disappointing .
it offers great ideas within the restaurant : a sushi bar , regular restaurant/kitchen dining , and hibachi/teppanyaki style dining .
upon entry , we simply were not offered the last of the 3 .
was n't even an option for us .
was there a logical reason ?
no .
we would have liked to do so , but c'est la vie .
we ended up doing regular restaurant/kitchen dining , partially as a grave miscommunication between us and the server .
we ordered their `` grand ichi ban `` sushi plate and yakisoba to share between two adults and a child .
this included a variety of side dishes , as well as california rolls and an assortment of nigiri .
the appetizers ( miso soup and cucumber/bean sprout salad ) were delicious and well timed , although i really could have done without the mushrooms in the miso soup .
their yakisoba included a rather bland `` teriyaki `` sauce that i felt relied too heavily on salt , as well as having the inclusion of mushrooms ( which i have never seen in yakisoba anywhere else , and personally is disgusting to me ) .
the california rolls were unremarkable , and it seemed as if the avocado was n't exactly `` freshed sliced `` , even though equivalent rolls in the pacific northwest are , even when avocado is out of season ( surprising given arizona 's proximity to the crop ) .
while most of the nigiri was tasty and of quality presentation , the baffling choice of imitation krab for one roll ( and an oddly cut , overly long , blocky piece at that ) was very baffling .
not having a lot of experience with sushi in the desert southwest , i 'm not quite sure wha the standards are , but by my standards , it falls short ... and for far too much money for the product .
also , the waiter took far too long at the end to present the check .
i had to actually request it in a fit of desperation as my preschooler had lost his attention span and was causing a disruption .
apparently that in and of itself was not enough of a clue to the waitstaff that they were taking too long ...

-1
this store seems to always have an abundance of stuff , all the time ... .
.
however they 're more pricey than other goodwill 's .
if you 're in the neighborhood , then it 's worth it to check it out , but expect to pay higher prices for their `` better quality `` clothing .
good luck .

-1
very average .
did n't like bagels .
too soft .
good lox .
coffee so-so .
service was fine .

-1
be careful with this place ... took friends out for dinner and they added on an extra filet mignon meal ... yes their most expensive item on their menu ! !
we almost paid it but caught it last minute and when we bring it to the waiters attention he is not apologetic at all ... just brings the bill back adjusted and does n't even apologize ! !
food was good but that experience did not make it worth it ...

-1
this was almost a one star review ... i really enjoy the food burrito bandito creates and i 'm craving one right now !
this happened a while back but the experience was so hilarious i must tell what ensued .
i go in to order 2 breakfast burritos , one with chorizo and egg , the other with bean , egg and cheese .
it 's only 10am and they tell me that they have n't made any chorizo , the cook got a late start .
ok i can work with you ... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead .
ok .
i wait and wait .
the burritos finally come out .
they are in the bag and the girl asks me if i want salsa ... i say yes but she just ignores me and hands me the bag .
i tell her again that i want salsa and she then gives me 2 cups .
i drive all the way to work where my coworker is meeting me in the parking lot .
i open a burrito since it is n't marked and see that there is ham in it .
for some reason neither i nor my coworker enjoy ham though we love our bacon .
i was aggravated .
they did n't have chorizo at 10 am when they open at 6 am , and they mess up a simple order .
i get the girl on the phone .
me : `` hi .
i was just in there , remember ?
i wanted the chorizo breakfast burrito , but the cook had n't made it so i ordered one with bacon instead ?
well , i understand people come in late , have a bad day , so i was willing and happy with changing my order to bacon , but it still got messed up .
and that i am not happy with . ``
socially retarded girl : `` well i was n't in the kitchen , i did n't make it . ``
me : ( aghast but still trying to be polite ) `` yes .
i know .
but the fact remains that the order was still messed up . ``
( now i expect her to apologize , get a manager ... comp me something ! )
socially retarded girl : ( she honestly says to me ... ) `` so ?
what do you want me to do about it ? ``
me : ( this is where i effing lose it because i ca n't believe that she could n't put herself in the place of an unhappy customer and just be nice , i was . )
`` well ?
what do you normally do when you mess up someones order ? ``
socially retarded girl : `` i have no idea . ``
me : `` well then how ` bout you give the phone to someone who does ! ``
i am completely stunned at the way she talked to me .
i mean , this was a simple `` i 'm sorry , let me get my manager , let me comp you one . ``
guy/manager `` i 'm so sorry about this .
the mess up and the way she talked to you .
let me give you $ 10 store credit . ``
done .
i 'm happy .
i use it on bb $ 1.29 mondays for tacos and burritos .
mmm i could go for some right now .

-1
sorry , crazy jim .
while your place is a popular lunch spot with downtown workers , the food is average greek fare , at best .
had a chicken patra pita .
average pita , stuffed with average chicken , grilled onions , peppers and cheese , accompanied by an undistinguished pile o ' lettuce .
next time i 'll try somewhere else .

-1
i have a flight booked with us air on june 6th .
i was excited to not be flying delta or united .
then terror struck .
no no , not that kind of terror .
worse !
one bag allowance ?
are you joking ! ?
i was worried about how i 'm going to move with only 2 bags .
now i get one ?
as if i was n't anxious enough already , now i have to wait til the day of my flight and see if they have room for my extra bag - and then fork over my cold hard cash to get it there ?
o geez ! !
inhaler please !

-1
we went here after purchasing a groupon .
the service was so strange .
i ordered veggie pho and substituted the noodles for extra vegetables .
my boyfriend ordered pho thai .
when our food came out ( brought out by a cook , i believe ) it came with two sides of the normal pho-fixings ( bean sprouts , mint , etc etc ) .
well the woman , who i pesume is one of the owners and happened to be our server , quickly came over and took my plate away ... not sure why ... we did n't get refills on our drinks the whole time we were there either .
the woman just sat on her computer ( right next to us ) .
so strange .
my pho was really bad , too .
but veggie pho is a hit or miss ... the biggest disappointment was the service .

-1
wow this was a tough one .
staff was nice but as they told us another weekend short staffed day .
no room avail at 4:30 took a king room with nothing not even hbo .
i booked a double queen w fridge and microwave .
4 night stay and on the 4th night got the double queen room .
packed hotel with some staff trying really hard others not so much .
what u expect at a less expensive hotel .
no soap , shower curtain or towels but a nice note promising to come back in a few hours with the supplies and they did about 5pm or so .
could be better if it was properly staffes .

-1
they have a nice dining area but i have to say their food is n't up to par .
i recommend the big fat greek restraunt on tatum & shea

-1
for downtown phx , this place was once pretty cool .
but the ` bigger ' it got , the portions got smaller , the food got worse and the service got snottier and it 's pretty much a skip now .
i do love a few of the menu items .
but i think its mostly due to the large amount of msg used in the them and the excellent tofu preparation .
the sauces are one step from the grocery store otherwise , and hugely overpriced for what they are .
the concept of making people wait even when the restaurant is empty is ridiculous .
it does n't make you look cool , fate , it makes you look like you do n't give a shit about your customers .
also , the hiring practice there seems to be ` no serving experience , vapid , hipster , ` hot ' girl ? '
perfect !
and thus , the service often blows .
( save for a few servers that have been there forever , and are awesome ) i used to love this place when the food was better and it was less pretentious years ago .
now its just overrated and overhyped .
a true sign of how a lack of competition allows even the worst to survive .

-1
hands down this place is popular and busy , but i 've just never had that great of an experience at any of the locations .
i 'm happy that a local business has been so successful and been able to expand throughout the state .
but there is just always something that steers me wrong .
this trip the waiter informed us that there was dairy in the marinara sauce ... well just scratch the bulk of the menu for me .
sure , italian meals are heavily based around cheese , but there are very few other options on the menu as an entree .
everyone else walked away happy ... so i 'm the odd man out .
i was in the mood for pasta and walked away only sampling guacamole , garlic bread , and nibbled on some sweet potatoes fries .
would really like to see some more health conscious ( lighter ) options besides a 4lb salad .
pros : busy and lively atmosphere huge portions ( hopefully to take home ) well priced great for families cons : always a wait feel like watching ` the biggest loser ' afterwards

-1
seriously , i have always loved kona grill .
i think the problem is not with all the kona locations but just this one at the chandler mall .
we sat on the patio for happy hour and we could find very little happy .
i have never been a server , as i know if i tried , it would be an epic fail .
i really appreciate what they do and the good ones make it look so easy , even though i know it is a very demanding job .
this night we were continually ignored to the point of given the finger several times .
no , not the middle one , the i will be right with you finger .
when we did get the attention of our server , he seemed irritated he had to wait on us .
i understand at happy hour they get busy but message to the management , hire more servers .
people are desperately looking for jobs and what do you pay them , like $ 2.30 an hour ?
the good news was the food was fresh and arrived quickly ( they had expediters ) .
i am happy to report the kitchen staff seems to have their act together .

-1
the agents were very friendly , which what i would expect from hawaiian , but the process is all messed up .
you get your boarding pass from the kiosk , with your bags , then you wait in a very crowded space to check your bag .
if you have to see an agent for unaccompanied minors or routing changes , you go into another line and wait until there are no bags to check .
this is about as friendly as spirit airlines where they do n't care about their passengers .
thank goodness i was n't flying , just taking a friend .
if i have to check a bag , i will fly someone else , just because of the chaos .

-1
not good at all !
you get a cheap patty , hard bread , and the time it took was crazy long should have went to wendy 's or something

-1
been going to arribas for years .
it used to be one of my favorite restaurants , but the last few times that i have been it was not so good .
the service was awful and the wait was too long .
also i was not to impressed with any of the food that day .

-1
food was good , service horrible .
the waiter ignored us all evening !

-1
we decided to try this place to ease yet another burger craving .
the menu looks really good when you walk in and i felt like a kid when i realized the lighted colored squares on the floor changed according to how you stand on them .
i am entertained way too easily .
we ordered our food and i went with their `` the box `` which consists of a 1/2 # steer beef burger with lettuce , tomato and onion .
it comes with your choice of cheese , onion rings or fries , and an endless large drink .
i decided on cheddar and the onion rings .
my friend ordered the same thing .
upon sitting down i had an unsettling thought .
they did n't ask how i wanted it cooked .
oh well i thought , it 's a burger place and with it being a half pound patty it should come out medium .
the burgers arrived roughly around 10 minutes later and the first thing that struck me was how greasy the onion rings were .
they were glimmering with oil which is never appetizing .
the burger came on what appeared to be a brioche bun and had a decent burger to bun ratio .
there was a pickle on my plate that was thin , limp , and could have been the `` other `` pickle you see on vlassic commercials .
so how did it taste ?
the onion rings had a good flavor but the amount of oil on them grossed me out and i left quite a few on the plate .
the burger left a lot to be desired .
remember that unsettling thought ?
yeah , they cooked the burger very well done .
it was n't juicy and it 's only good quality was the crispy outside that was created on the flat top .
their burgers come with no sauce on them at all , for that privilege you can either buy one of their dipping sauces or you can use the condiments that they have for you to serve yourself .
the condiments you can use yourself are odd .
the ketchup bottle is massive .
the mayo is a smaller size though as is the mustard .
perhaps this is part of the reason the burger seemed really dry .
i ended up having to put mayo , mustard , and ketchup on it to revive some resemblance of a juicy burger .
i never tried the pickle .
all in all i really wanted to like the place but it did n't happen .
even though it 's only about 10 minutes away i most likely will not be back .

-1
los whatever this place is just a step above * bertos .
just your standard , run of the mill `` mexican `` food .
like most mexican food , it 's `` ok `` .
nothing special here .
i had the carne asada platter with a drink , it came to $ 9.11 .
a conspiracy ?
perhaps .
i do n't see what the big deal here is , nor do i understand how anyone with papillae can give this place 5-stars .

-1
the service was slow .
two people had beef brisket with mushrooms was nothing to write home about i had pulled pork and was disappointed .
i will go to famous dave 's or honey bears next time even waldos

-1
well , i am changing my review .
just went back this past weekend and asked for a small cup and he said only on tuesday 's .
that stinks .
probably wo n't go back .
great place .
i have been to a few of these places and i like this one because it has a low per ounce price and a lot of non fat and low fat choices .
other places do n't have that .
i also like that they actually have a kids cup so you can get a smaller serving .
you do have to ask for it .

-1
here 's the thing ... shortly after being seated the waitress spilled an entire pint glass of water directly in my lap .
she was extremely embarassed and very apologetic , and i was good natured about the incident because after all , it was just water .
however , what bothered me was the fact that no manager or lead came to the table to apologize or at least buy me a beer .
there are three people at my table cleaning up ice and water , and an hour later i leave your restaurant still wet and you ca n't take a moment to address the situation ?
it left a bad taste in my mouth .
in addititon , the happy hour menu is rather limited and the sushi is n't bad , but not memorable either .
i 'd much rather do happy hour at ra or some other more consistant establishment .

-1
had some friends visiting from nyc this past weekend and they were staying at the phoenician , so we headed over to catch up and let our kids play together .
unfortunately , i , and they , were extremely disappointed by the poor service at the resort .
firstly , the computers were down when they got in , so they wound up sitting in the lobby for nearly 4-hours waiting to be given a room .
then after we got there , my friend 's daughter got stung by a bee at the wading pool and there was absolutely no response from the staff .
there were at least 4 hotel employees standing by the nearby cabana and not a single one came over to ask why this 4â 1/2 year-old child was suddenly screaming hysterically and why her mother was rushing around .
her husband had to go ask for ice to soothe the sting and it was probably 10-minutes later that one of the employees came by and casually handed us a bunch of bee-sting compresses from the first aid kit .
i mean , how hard is it to walk by and ask if everything is ok when a child who has been playing just fine suddenly starts screaming like a banshee ?
also , every time my friends wanted to order food or drink at the pool it took forever to get the attention of a waiter and often the response was not that they would take the order , but rather that they would find the correct server - who several times did n't even show and once again we had to go into the flagging-down a server ritual .
all in all , the service experience was extremely poor .
my friends had just recently stayed at the ritz carlton palm beach and , in comparison , were quite disappointed with the phoenician .
as a phoenix resident , i was personally embarrassed by the service .
luckily , they enjoyed the town , but next time they 'll probably stay at the ritz or the four seasons .

-1
perhaps i expect too much out of a diner .
they put us in a room that was about 90 degrees .
the waitress seemed more fit to be a bartender at the rouge west than a waitress at a diner .
the food was ok , kind of bland and tasteless .
i much prefer my mothers restaurant for this type of food .
on the plus side a dude in a bear suit scared the living hell out of a small child , so the trip was n't a total loss .

-1
i contacted david for a paint job at a new home i purchased .
he was going to paint the family room , kitchen , hallway , and laundry room .
david and his crew showed up over an hour late , after texting me after the time he said he would be there to tell me he was going to be very late .
his partner said he would `` use as much paint as needed `` to make sure it looked good .
i provided paint and there was some left over , however , my laundry room looks terrible , there is paint on the baseboards , and it definitely needed another coat .
i have called david and he did not respond to my phone call or messages .
pretty disappointed in the overall job as there are areas that needed more paint but it seemed like they were in a rush to leave at the end since it was getting late .

-1
i was going to a wedding in peoria , az and picked this rental place for its close proximity to the hotel .
i also learned that rental places at airports are more expensive , so i was trying to avoid snags .
they did warn me on the phone that they close at noon on saturday .
i really only needed the car on friday .
when i got to the store , i looked for the drop box .
they did n't have one .
they also did not open until 9am .
i have used enterprise many times in many cities , and have even just left keys with hotels !
so this was inconvenient .
they said it was that they need to check each car as it comes in .
when i returned the car , i pointed out the wear and tear on the interior .
the passenger seat was stained .
the car had 30k miles on it .
high for a rental .
when i told tyler , the manager in training , my concerns , he came up with `` cars were damaged overnight when we had a drop box ad we had to hold the renters responsible `` .
i said , get cameras .
i was then driven the short drive back to my hotel in the car i returned sitting on the dirty passenger seat .
he wanted to get rid of me .
fair enough , i was n't the happiest customer to say the least .
but his driving was scary !
enterprise , please return the drop boxes and allow you customers to leave their car at their hotel whenever reasonable and possible .
i also think this was an isolated incident and should not reflect enterprise as a whole .
namaste

-1
i would like to give karsh 's 4 stars and here are the reasons why .
if you want kosher , they have it .
if you 'd like to have sugar free , they have a nice variety , provided you go in early in the day .
they actually have quite a nice variety-a little something for everybody-and they do take orders .
sound 's good does n't it .
what is not good is the schizophrenic nature of the service you get at this place .
i can deal with their prices which are higher than they should be .
i wo n't deal with holding my breath and wondering if the person helping me is going to be pleasant or borderline nasty .
it 's been that way for sometime and is n't getting any better .
the result is for the most part i tend to avoid the place .
scott 's generations , the deli a few doors down , is more appreciative of your business .
i 'll spend my money there .
their bagels are better and they have bialy 's , too .
if you are going to chance this place , i have one suggestion for you .
do n't go in near closing .
likely as not , you will be told you exactly how many minutes you have before they close .
they are blatant about doing this especially if you are n't ready to tell them exactly what you want at that moment .
i guess the fact they are emptying the cases in front of your eyes is not clue enough they are closing .
another reason not to go there is not their fault .
they are off of 7th street with the traffic lanes that change with the time of day .
i 'll face the craziness those lanes cause to go to the bashas and scott 's generation but not karsh 's .
it 's rather sad to have to write a review like this .

-1
was there several times for lunch but never really convinced .
today they saw me for the last time .
i wanted the jerk chicken sandwich with the special sauce : `` now stop snickering , it 's really good `` says on the menu .
but it was an awful mix of tastes ( salty-cajun-cinnamon-bluechease ) that collided in my mouth .
.
i could n't down it .
they offered to replace it and i ordered another chicken sandwich which came very late ( my buddy was done eating long ago ) and i had a hard time to find the chicken ( takes magnifier glasses to see it in the sandwich ) and so i left hungry . , grrrrh in general the place is way overpriced for the food quality they offer .
even the beer is expensive and i assume the place lives from the people that work close buy and do n't want to drive to far away .

-1
we went for a nice litter dinner .
i knew it was a bit more expensive than other pizza joints , but i dont mind paying for great food .
well it was much less than that .
we got a large ( 14 inch ) peperoni for the kids and wife to split .
we asked for a little extra sauce and it was almost like a white pizza without the flavor .
the pizza was $ 22 for a 14 inch 1 tasteless top pizza .
really ?
i ordered a pasta dish that tasted like like it was freshly microwaved !
it had very little taste .
even the sausage was bland .
it came with a chincey little breadstick .
it was like half the size of a normal bread stick .
just 1 .
the service was bad also .
they were not busy at all .
all of our cups were empty for at least 10 min before anyone asked if we need a refill .
it was probably 20 minutes between waitress visits .
the only reason they get 2 stars is because the desert was very good .
my wife was pissed that the food was bland that she said they couldnt make a brownie sunday taste like the other food .
she was right .
it was a nice big portion and the kids loved it .
pizza , pasta dish , 4 soda 's ( 2 kids ) and a desert were $ 45 before tip .
lets just say there are many other places to eat for less money and a much better meal .
for a gourmet pizza place in the west valley , this isnt even remotely close to grimaldi 's .

-1
we made two trips to bliss/rebar .
the first time .
.
we sat at a table for 20 minutes , i kid you not , and no one came by .
apparently the new hostess forgot to assign us a server .
we left and i wrote them an email .
the owner was nice enough to invite us back and offer complimentary drinks and appetizer .
i figured , why not ?
we get there and am pleased that our server is pleasant ( probably the best experience about this place ) .
we ordered a ruby grapefruit martini and an orange-cicle to start with .
the drinks were strong but i 'd never shell out $ 10 for something that small and plain .
appetizer : chicken lettuce wraps .
the lettuce wraps were covered in too much sauce and really looked like a pf changs rip-off .
did n't taste too great .
too runny and too salty .
the boy ordered beef nachos and i had the ` loaded ' macaroni and cheese .
the nachos are deep fried , but the cheese is too milky and does n't have any kick .
the beef was n't cooked in any spices , tasted like they just threw it on the pan .
so plain .
the macaroni and cheese ?
welp , i got it without bacon .
.
and it looked like it was out of an instant box with some store-bought powder bread crumbs on top .
way too milky and runny .
.
tasted bland .
mac and cheese needs to be rich , thick , cheesy .
this did n't make the cut .
i sent it back after a few bites and decided not to get anything else .
experience over .
we 're never coming back .
although the service was better the second time around , the food is overpriced and bland .
thanks , but no thanks .

-1
jeez , i did n't know this place was still alive until i moved back .
i think it 's safe to say that this shopping center was a failed experiment in bringing people back to downtown .
sure , alot of people are slowly trickling back to the center of the city , but not as a result of this .
the lifeblood of this place tends to be the suit types that swing in for happy hour at hooters or other bars that think that interior design is bolting an rusty route 66 sign to the wall .
if this place did n't have a movie theater , i 'd brand this place with one star .

-1
dos gringos is not my type of place .
i rarely drink or party or watch sports .
but i do love mexican food and more specifically red chile burros ( here in az ) .
by my own measure , i make awesome salsa .
hot and flavorful both red and green .
the salsa at dos gringos was bland and tasted like a can of diced tomatoes was hastily pureed with an onion and some salt .
it was nothing special and that 's sad because salsa is cheap to make .
the nachos we ordered tasted like taco bell 's nacho supreme just in a bigger portion .
even with black beans , the flavor was bland .
okay , the upside : the weather is really beautiful right now and sitting out on the patio was really nice .
i could n't have imagined a better way to kill an hour on sunday .
also , our waitress was moderately more attentive than most others .
the sign posted out front read ' $ 4 lunch specials ' but apparently this does n't apply on weekends .
why put out the sign then ?
she still gave us our lunch for $ 4 bucks which is nice .
i do n't think i 'll go back unless i 'm really , really bored .

-1
went with a friend on a sunday which was pretty dead .
we were really looking for some good mexican food after hearing so much about how good it is in arizona .
we started with the chips and guacamole .
i do n't know what happened , but there was no flavor at all .
i could tell the ingredients were fresh but it was as if they just took avacados and served them with chips .
next , had the poppers , which were good but nothing to great .
it was spicy and the sauce was good , but i expected more .
ordered the chicken fajitas and again was surprised at how bland and unseasoned everything was .
overall , was disappointed in the food .
not sure if they were just off their game since it was a sunday night .
i assume there are better mexican options in scottsdale .

-1
weak sauce !
i had the bubbles after eating here .
actually my family of four had the bubbles .
curry chicken was very weak .
if you like chinese food that is on par with panda express , then this is the place for you .
think taco bell of mexican food .

-1
i 'm just in the area for the day ... showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments .
i ate too much .
this brother 's is not as good as a similar place on peoria ... but it was decent .
i would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza .
my pepsi tasted fine .
the girl who took my order was happy & pleasant .
i got my soda topped off before i left and i got two sides of ranch at no charge ... the only thing i was out off by was that i 'm glad i did n't have to pay for the ranch because they were both half full which is why i needed two .
if i had paid for them , i would have said something .
i 'm full , happy and ready for a nap ... oh !
need to show houses ... i ordered the two slices of cheese and a pepsi and my total was $ 4.38 um i went to the bathroom before leaving , .
.
the door did n't lock and toilet sprayed water ( yes toilet water ) at me and did not flush properly ... hopefully they get that fixed !

-1
there 's this commercial .
order a medium or larger drink and get an egg and cheese english muffin for $ .99 .
seemed like a good deal to me , and i was hungry this morning .
besides , dunkin ' has been making great strides in quality and service , right ?
that 's what the marketing would have you believe anyway .
so i order from the drive thru and pay $ 3.15 for a medium iced coffee and the aforementioned egg and cheese english muffin .
service is swift .
i drive away , ready to dig into my sandwich on the parking lot that is the 101 .
that 's when things get ugly .
my sandwich is cold .
like , you can feel how cold it is through the paper bag .
i ca n't eat it , mainly because i 'm afraid it will sicken me in some way ... i do n't screw around with egg .
and yes , i 'm still hungry .
so , sorry dunkin ' , your marketing gal is a genius , but this store did not deliver .
shame on me for believing that silly marketing ploy .

-1
was surprised this was not horrible .
it 's right next to the blockbuster and jamba juice i 'm at fairly regularly and in a mad dash for dinner one night got take out there .
is it authentic ?
not really , its got a mashup of chinese-american items where most of the proteins are covered in batter and fried .
it has some thai dishes .
the owner is chinese from hong kong .
i 'm hoping that if i go back a few times and order in chinese , the dishes might come out a little less msg filled .
an order of ten crab rangoons , and two dinner combos came out to $ 20 bucks .
not bad for a last minute desparation dinner .
i 'd really like more vegetables with my entrees , but the to go container was packed full of food .
the fried rice is standard soy-sauce colored rice with bits of egg .
the sauces were not too sweet ( although shockingly red with food coloring ) .
let me know if anyone has any luck finding an okay chinese restaurant in s. scottsdale .
i 'm getting sick of totties and am not a fan of the tottie 's service/price .

-1
my husband calls this `` male onlys `` for the 10 to 1 ratio of guys to girls at this bar .
i call it the `` i am way too old to be here because i stopped using a fake id years ago `` bar .
it is a haven for asu students and graduates that ca n't give up the college life .
the five dollar big beers and classic movie clips are the two stars for this bar .

-1
updating .
management has changed yet again .
i do not have much dealing with management in this store anymore because of the frequent turnover and the fact that i just got tired of dealing with it .
but , some things have improved .
much of the `` regular `` store employees have been there since i started going there some 8 years ago and much of the attitude has greatly improved .
the self-checkouts are handled and managed much better now , but i grew weary of those long ago with the constant problems .
if there is a full service lane available or even a moderate wait , i will go there instead .
i still use self-checkout , but not as much as i used to .
i could go to another fry 's and i often-times i do , but this one is a mile away from my house .
it 's much smaller than most fry 's .
a store next to it went out of business some time ago , an opportunity for fry 's to expand the store , but they did n't .
the main problem i have with this store is the frequent-enough turnover of management .
customers are guinea pigs to be treated to whatever service the current management wants to dole out .
it is a training store for management to learn and then move on - learn , that is , at the expense of it 's customers .
updating : 9/1/2013 - they have changed management yet again ! !
whatta joke !

-1
how they make those meatless chocolate chip cookies will always amaze me ! ! !
well maybe i came in with high expectations and that led to disappointment ... but seriously if i want meatballs ... i should n't be a vegetarian ... so why would i want `` mock balls `` ... they were strange ... i could n't get the taste out of my mouth ... the gratin dip was this liquidy green goo to be eaten with corn chips ... disgusting ... crab puffs ... who needs pho-crab ... how about a pizza that has fake cheese on it ?
it was so doughy and odd ... kinda like something at a school cafeteria ... how is this so natural and green ... fake things that are supposed to be like the real thing ... how about just some great tasting food that does n't include animal products ?
believe me no animals were harmed in creating this meal ... unless someone brings home a doggy bag for rover ! ! !
ugh ... i 'm still feeling green from this meal !
this is a slap in the face to vegans ... vegan food should be tasty and fresh ... not contrived !
it 's time to shine the light on this `` emperor 's clothes `` !
i like the idea of a vegan restaurant ... but i prefer the idea of great tasting food !

-1
we have wanted to try this place for quite sometime but its usually so busy that we dont dare try to find a parking space .
today didnt look so bad unfortunately : - ) wish we had tried the daily dose instead .
oh well theres always next time .
these reviews are hilarious .
made the mistake of not reading them before hand .
the service sucked .
the waitress sucked .
she really pissed me off .
my husband had to keep reminding me the girl was young and what if that was your daughter cuz i wanted to punch her in the face .
it took forever just to be acknowledged , waited a lifetime for some water .
asked her what was good on menu this is our first visit .
too bad we took her advice .
my husband got the bird omelet which i tasted and yuck .
it was completely bland .
he had to pour hot sauce all over it for flavor .
they put the eggs right on top of the fresh cold fruit so that now you cant eat it or wouldnt want to eat it .
if they just read their own reviews they would stop doing that .
talk about dumb asses .
i got the huevos rancheros with green chili .
it comes in an open chipotle tortilla that is minus any taste .
its swimming in juices which is making the tasteless tortilla into glue .
comes with two eggs on top .
the flavors together were just not that good .
got a $ 4 glass of fresh squeezed orange juice that made my face scrunch up because of the bitterness .
waitress brought bill way too early obviously trying to get rid of us but that just pisses me off even further cuz thats her ticket to not having to do shit .
i waived that bitch down anyway .
i want water bitch .
the only reason they get 2 whole stars is because the green chili was good otherwise hate this place : - )

-1
a friend of mine recently invited us to join for his birthday dinner at fogo .
my initial thought was `` what am i going to be able to eat here ? ! ``
but was assured that their salad bar was `` banging `` .
so , alas we arrive and the woman and i hit up the bar while we waited for our peeps .
she got a really great dark beer and i tried to go outside of the box and ordered a melon martini .
it was terrible , but i did n't want to send it back cause it was kind of my own fault .
the bartender , however , noticed my full glass and asked if there was something else he could get for me .
thank you sir ! ! !
i got a glass of malbec instead , and it was great .
our friends arrived , and we were seated .
it was like a whirlwind of craziness after .
our server twirled on over and explained super fast how the place worked and what it was all about .
he went around asking what we all wanted to drink , and when he got to my lady , he called her sir ... annoying .
she clearly is a woman .
whatev , stuff happens sometimes when you 're high on meat fumes .
after he was done with our drink order , we all got up to grab some salad .
now , i know that this place is a meat house , but if you 're gon na charge me 23 bones for my salad bar , please , make it great !
i grabbed some lettuce and started walking around to see what else i wanted .
there were these huge asparagus piled high , so i grabbed a few .
then i grabbed some green beans , huge beet slices and broccoli , too .
i went to the dressings and was kind of disappointed .
there were ranch , caesar , and what looked and tasted like zesty italian from kraft .
boo .
everything looked really good , but nothing was seasoned at all .
i mean , i appreciate being given the option to season my own items , but plain bland everything ?
i want some flavor people !
once seated , meat on sticks came from every direction .
it 's kind of funny to watch .
two of my dining companions ordered limeades , and no joke , had to ask for refills from multiple people ( at least four times ! )
before someone came by with a pitcher .
the boyfriend of the birthday boy decided to propose that evening , and asked them to please bring the ring out on the dessert plate , and they did so very well .
i 'll give them a star for that .
it was cute and sweet , both literally and figuratively .
i just ordered an after dinner coffee for my dessert , and everyone seemed please with their treats .
ugh , then when it came time to pay , we decided that i would put $ 100 on my card and the rest was in cash .
when someone finally came by to pick up the bill , i explained this .
he looked very confused .
so , i repeated `` just 100 on the card and the rest cash . ``
simple enough , right ?
not so much .
it literally took about ten minutes for someone else to bring our monies back and when they did , the guy used all the cash and put the remainder of $ 61 on my card ( i 'm just glad is was n't more than what i asked him to put on ) ... but still , i serve bro !
it 's not hard to do !
i was completely underwhelmed by my experience here and do not plan on returning .
at least i wo n't suffer from any meat sweats .
next !

-1
tried 3 diff dishes .
.
all were below avg at best .
too expensive for bland food .

-1
just came back from a very disappointing experience .
waited 45 minutes on a wednesday night .
sat near the bar and ordered appetizers while we waited for dinner .
wine was nice and average price .
fried calamari was overcooked and rubbery .
sent it back .
replacement appetizer did n't arrive until 20 minutes later .
at that point , we did n't even want it .
sat down to dinner and ordered filet mignon and lobster tail .
meat was wrapped in rubbery/almost raw bacon .
bearnaise sauce was cold .
lobster tail was overcooked and dry .
mashed potatoes were the highlight unfortunately .
ordered cheesecake which was awful !
tasted like out of a box from a supermarket freezer ... had a fake gelatin like after taste .
left the restaurant upset having spent $ 225 for three people ... wow - food was just a few pegs above applebees - really !
the back room they put us in was barren , dark and depressing .
for this kind of money , we would have also expected tablecloths and candles or flowers .
wait staff was excellent by the way .
wo n't be back unless its for a quick kobe burger .
had one of those the last time and it was really nice and reasonably priced .
cathy l .

-1
ok , this is my first yelp review , so i hope i do this right .
i am new to phoenix ( 4 months ) and have had some of the most wonderful dining experiences .
as an east coast city girl i know great food and the valley of sun has great options .
i have visited az bread company for lunch more than 5 times , it 's right near my office and the salads are really great .
i 've thought it was a bit overpriced , but not grossly so .
this morning i stopped by for my first breakfast experience .
i asked for a bagel with egg and cheese and brown mustard ( sold other places for $ 3-3 .50 .
what i was told is that i would be charged for a breakfast sandwich with no meat .
i assumed this was some kind of deduction from the price of the full sandwich .
with a coffee my bill was $ 7.11 after tax .
when i asked why it was so expensive i was pretty much given a `` sorry . ``
on their menu a bagel is $ .99 , an egg is $ .95 and i ca n't imagine cheese can be more than $ 1 .
i should have been charged $ 3 not $ 5 .
i mentioned this to the cashier with no luck .
what i was handed was a bagel with american cheese ( yuck ) and an egg and honey mustard ( the wrong mustard ) .
i should have been asked what kind of cheese i wanted .
in this economy gouging a new customer and then handing them the wrong food just does n't fly .
sorry az , i wo n't be back .
kind of a shame ... loved those salads .

-1
really loved the dr. but the hygenist we saw ( both times with my older daughter-age 6 ) highly encouraged me to `` wait in the waiting room `` while she took her away for procedures because `` kids do better when parents are n't around `` .
i would n't allow it - but think some parents may not know that they can and should ask to be present during medical exams/procedures involving their children .
the hygenist 's here need a little training on `` family centered care `` and need to put their own conveniences to the side and not act as if parents are in the way .
cute , kid friendly environment - but the staff needs to match the decor .

-1
i would love to love this place , support my local economy and all that jazz but i just ca n't .
the staff is always extremely friendly and i love the beach shack in the middle of phoenix .
problem is , the food just is n't very good .
the only thing more bland than the carne asada is the chicken .
i 've had mexican food in minnesota and i 'm pretty sure it had more character than this local gem .
sorry two hippies , you have a solid concept going but your menu needs a serious overhaul .

-1
picture it ladies .
you have a date the next day and realize you 're in desperate need of an eyebrow wax .
unfortunately you have a meeting on the other end of the valley that goes way past spa closing time .
in a desperate rush you are searching yelp , trying to find places that have walk-ins available .
after two failed attempts , you are running out of time and losing hope .
then you see it .
fuchsia .
and it 's all pink .
you feel like you 've possibly discovered the holy effing grail of spas .
then it ends .
while the waxing was done well and the price was reasonable and about the same as what i pay at my regular joint , the staff made it uncomfortable .
there was really no place to sit and wait .
.
well there was , but it was hidden and i was n't informed of it , while my room was being prepared .
the wax started out fantastic with the typical awkward chat .
.
but then it got weird .
a huge sales pitch started telling me how i needed all these other services done and made me feel like i would regret it if i did n't .
it reminded me of the times i went to the dentist as a child and was told how horrible my teeth were even though they were perfect .
i walked out completely weirded out and in a foul mood .
sad face .

-1
to be as fair as possible , i 'm going to make it known that i did n't read any of the reviews on cherubini before posting this , and am avoiding letting my eyes wander too far to the right column , as i 'd hate to taint my opinion on this place .
i 've been meaning to write this review for awhile , and i 'd really like to share it with you .
i want you to go here .
i really do .
they deserve your business , and their coffee and food will surely bring you back .
it was enough to bring me back ; three times by this review .
their food is to die for .
their doughnuts are a flawless texture / flavor combination , and their paninis are certainly something worth writing home about .
the fruit is always fresh , and the overall product is worth the money it costs .
the facility is beautiful and it should be a role model for contemporary cafes everywhere who do not seek a niche crowd , but welcome anyone looking for a quaint place to hide out .
but i feel like i need to clear up a few things and rationalize my seemingly stingy allowance of just two stars , which is solely due to the quality of customer service .
to be summed up in one word , i would choose ... awkward .
( i 'll preface my explanation to this with a quick note : i am a server 's dream .
i do n't argue or complain .
i say please and thank you .
i empathize , and i am always pleasant .
i understand the trials and tribulations of the food industry , and i care .
i occasionally ask for recommendations , but i typically know what i like , and am not socially inane ; i 'm not overbearing , and i like to be a breath of fresh air for the person who i would love to tip . )
that being said , i find myself returning to cherubini incessantly , in hopes that i can find just one occasion without an uncomfortable exchange between the employees and myself .
a cafe or coffee shop , of all places , is where good conversation should flourish , and at cherubini , i feel like every dialogue between the baristas and myself is a struggle .
i have to wrestle with words and descriptions to explain what i 'd like ( ie : a medium soy vanilla latte transforms into a full-fledged battle royale over word-order and what i 've mistakenly said actually means ) .
cherubini : cut the customer crucifixion and relax : i want to enjoy my time in your store !
my experience here has been crippled by my inability to feel comfortable during my stay ( visit # 2 : screaming children climbing in and out of cherubini 's beautiful stone fountain in lobby , tactless mother yelling across store ) and cherubini should not have to suffer from what seems to be my horrible timing .
but alas , even while i hold every barista i speak to accountable for the quality of customer service i receive , the folks at cherubini appear to simply not care .
and until they do , my rating will skim that negative space between hating it and enjoying it .
bottom line : go here .
try it out .
as previously stated , cherubini is one of these local places that really deserves to stay open because of your business .
if you 're not looking for customer service , you 'll certainly love it .
try the chocolate raised with a cup of black coffee ( just make sure your barista does n't leave you an excessive two inches of room for cream ... unless you want it that way ) .

-1
went to the strand last night and was disappointed enough to write a review .
it was our second visit in the past six months and it will certainly be our last .
for starters , the temperature inside was too cool even though the outdoor temperature was only in the upper 40 's .
my meal was cold halfway into it and i am a pretty fast eater ( my wife reminds me ) .
the bread came out and the appetizer plates were still wet .
we opened our napkin rolls and the napkins were still damp as if they had been taken out of the dryer far too early .
my leg became chilled from the damp cloth laying on it partially due to the chilly temperature of the restaurant and partially due to the damp cloth napkin .
my wife was chilly enough to order a coffee prior to dinner .
upon telling the server that she was cold and needed a cup of coffee the response was only that they did not have coffee , only espresso .
my wife ordered a tea that became cold fairly quickly and as i glanced up at the large drink menu behind the bar i saw that they had cafe americano listed .
that would have been a good suggestion for a coffee substitute had our server been on her game .
the appetizer , risotto arancini , was so-so .
my wife 's meatballs and `` strands `` was served warm but she felt as though the meatballs were previously frozen and not homemade .
nothing to write home about .
my entree , chicken piccata , was lacking in the flavor department and as i previously mentioned was cold half way through trying to enjoy it .
apart from the restaurant being too cold there was nothing terrible about the experience it 's just that is was a mediocre meal with less that professional service .
the server that waited on the table next to us squatted down and rested his arms on one of the table 's chairs to take their order .
unfortunately we see this a lot in our current society but i want a professional , well informed yet non-intrusive server that adds to the quality of the dinning experience .
not another dinner buddy .
this was not `` a unique dining experience `` that they self proclaim .
just over priced for the sub-par dining experience .

-1
hi .
.
i am a south indian and this place is awful .
they serve too slow and food is bad .
price is ok but you can get better food at the same price .
my serious suggestion is not to try this place .
have a nice day .
thanks .

-1
as the public house cornerstone of the country 's dullest downtown , it does not surprise me that cooper ` stown is as inert as a swiss nationalist .
what is confounding is that the shock-rock nature of the bar 's namesake allowed such a gimmicky , flat concept to be executed .
while ac is something of a badass , this pub does not reflect the image of his avante-guard style .
in fact , its just pretty generic .
i could n't even recommend this as a meeting-for-a-beer-before-the-game spot , as the set-up is awkward when you do not have access to a table or stool ( and you likely wo n't ) , so while standing up in the bar , you often feel like you are in someone 's way -- either the patrons fighting for elbow room to gnaw their sliders or the pitifully eye-made wait staff expediting that woeful fare .
still , to its credit , cooper ` stown has been a downtown pioneer , and everyone should give the beautiful warehouse building a hearty brick-slap in appreciation of its solidarity as a phoenician-style mos eisley .

-1
i 've been here 3 times for a brazilian wax .
the first time , with allison , was my first experience getting a brazilian ( i 've been having `` regular `` bikini waxes for twenty plus years , so i know what they tend to feel like ) .
allison was quick & professional , if not terribly engaging .
she did go over a few places more than once & that worried me .
but , the results were great & lasted a long time , with no grow-out problems ( i 'd purchased their $ 20 small bottle of lotion that prevents in-grown hair ) .
second experience with another waxer ( allison had moved ) was mediocre ... hair grew out much quicker & i had some ingrown hair issues .
figuring it was just a `` technique `` difference , when i called for my third appointment , i carefully explained to the receptionist my concerns .
she said ... `` oh , it 's probably the ( 2nd ) tech ... i 'll put you with someone who does the waxes like allison did `` .
well ... third time is definitely not `` the charm `` .
she missed half the hair ( where i could n't see it ! )
and i 've had lots of ingrowns , despite using the rather expensive lotion that uw recommends .
very unhappy with this and i wo n't be back .
sad , because the place is adorable and the staff friendly .
.
in fact , i 'd recommended it to several friends ... before my lousy experiences .
to the owner : the `` free panty `` thing is clever & charming , but you 'd be better off putting some of your operating budget into better training for the techs , instead of a cute gimmick .

-1
food is ok but the service is the worst .
i am writing this review while still waiting to pay .
i hope they get my order right this time .

-1
tried this place for the first time , the environment is fun , bright and the ipod charging station and wi-fi are the only thing i would come back for .
i ordered the bbq chicken salad , it was all lettuce and literally a teaspoon ( not tablespoon ) of chicken pieces .
the toppings were incredibly small .
$ 8.00 for a bowl of lettuce is n't going to impress anyone .
i wanted to try the pesto chicken panini , but they only offer white bread , no other healthy or gluten free options .
i was excited to try this place but walked out very disappointed .
wo n't be back or recommend to anyone until they get real ! !

-1
much like sam a . ( 4/12/2012 ) we had an incredibly disappointing experience with the food .
our server was better and more attentive , hence 2 stars instead of 1 .
to start with we found the spanakopita to be incredibly salty , like they used a tbsp instead of a tsp .
my wife ordered the broiled chicken pita which i have had before and is good , but this time it was a disaster .
the chicken was cold and the pita was cold and stiff .
it got sent back and we got a new one which was better but still not as good as the chandler location that i have eaten at before .
i ordered a spicy chicken lavosh wrap .
now i love spicy food , but besides being spicy , this had absolutely no flavor .
it seemed as if the mix had been marinating for a few days killing off any flavors that the beautiful ingredients should have had .
again very disappointing .
not sure if it is because this is a new location or a large location for them , but i have experienced much better , and the food quality was so far off their standard it makes me hesitant about ever going back .
it is not complicated food so it should n't be that hard to get it right .

-1
ths food here is pretty good , prices are not bad .
however they really need to have fans on the ourdoor patio .
we had no choice but to sit outside this past trip and while it was cool in the shade of the tree in the parking lot where we waited , the outdoor patio covering is metal with no slots for heat to escape .
it was like an oven .
outdoor temp was probably 95 degrees , but under this `` shade `` patio it was more like 125 !
even the host commented on how hot it was under there !
for the prices and service you 're better off at la grande orange .

-1
i would have probably rated this place 3 stars or higher in the past , but the place still smells like smoke , years after the statewide no-smoking in restaurants ban .
lunch dishes tend to be very small .
one piece of fish on a fish and chips , etc . .
the wait staff is friendly and there is plenty of seating .

-1
great food !
but rude service and check your takeout order .
they usually mess it up .

-1
nice decor , so-so food .
probably the most bland pho i 've had in the valley .
nothing particularly negative about it - except of course bland pho is fairly negative .
the menu selection is also fairly limited compared to every other vietnamese place i visit ( da vang comes to mind , but who can compare with them ? )
.
i 'm going to go try a few other selections and am keeping my fingers crossed they warrant an upgrade to 3 stars .
but ca n't do it based on the pho alone .

-1
a lot of bands i listen to end up playing the marquee .
it 's not a horrible venue , but yeah , the parking sucks and so do the security .
as if i did n't pay enough for the tickets , now i have to pay $ 5 to park and then get hassled by security so they can sift through my purse and make me take my shoes off .
note to girls , do n't take a purse and if you do do n't bring in a pen as they will make you thow it away .
wearing slip on shoes is best so you do n't have to hassle with your laces .
sometimes , but not always security gets a little weird about where you can sit and lean .
i was once told i could n't sit on the floor with my back to the wall .
why ? !
so if i have a bad back and standing for a few hours is making my back worse i 'm not allowed to sit down .
ok .

-1
appetizers , overpriced , small portions .
entrees , good flavor ... service ... lacking .
the server who had our table was awkward ... she was nice enough , but did n't really understand service .
my friend asked for a cocktail twice , and on the first occasion , they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice ... and on the second occasion , he ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum .
she came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor ... he wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada , big deal , just make the drink , do n't make him feel bad .
we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating ... the food was tasty , however i wo n't be back due to the strange vibe i got .

-1
i do n't understand something about this place - and that is how unfriendly and unpersonable the owners and cashier staff are .
the staff are either miserable , not well treated , underpaid or all of the above .
stone faced is how i would describe the people who take your order .
they 'll take your money but that 's about it - if you expect a smile , you may want to place a token in their mouth and see what happens .
the truth of the matter is : i would rather drive 20 minutes to go to another deli , deal with friendly and courteous staff , feel appreciated then go to the most convenient deli , pay outrageous prices and be taken for granted .
in my book and especially in this recessionary period , it is the little details that win my business and the verdict for kashman 's is just about the most unfriendly , most unwelcoming breakfast joint i have yet to come across .
i do n't understand how they stay in business !

-1
i 've been here for breakfast a few times .
i have no idea why this place is so busy .
it 's way overpriced on every single meal and not any better than any other breakfast place .
i find the food boring and small .
the standard price here is $ 9.00 or higher .
there may be 3 items cheaper than that and they 're all small .
their `` cheap `` breakfast is $ 4 for 1 egg and hash browns .
i find that unacceptable .
i go to far too many places and i 've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast , especially for $ 4.00 .
you can go to country boys at 35 ave & cactus for their standard $ 3 special with 2 eggs , hash browns , toast , and meat and you get multiple breakfast options for $ 3.00 at country boys .
the cheapest other breakfast on this menu is $ 6.75 - $ 7.50 for french toast and meat .
otherwise , you 're paying $ 9 + for everything else .
i 've had the corned beef omelette , twice , boring , flavorless .
today i had 2 very small eggs , small portion of hash browns , and biscuits & gravy .
the biscuits were large and homemade .
gravy flavorless .
i just would n't recommend this restaurant .
pricey .
no flavor .
small portions .
i 'm only giving it 2 stars because they do serve giant pancakes .
get their pancake breakfast and split it between 2 people .
i feel my self aggravated after paying so much for a meal when i 'm leaving still hungry .
go to country boys .
if you do n't get their $ 3 breakfast deals , you can print off buy 1 get 1 free coupons off their website .
anything you order on the regular menu is buy 1 get 1 free .
if you 've got 10 people in your group , you can use 5 coupons and get 5 breakfasts free .
my favorite breakfast place , ollies omelette house .
51 ave & olive .
quality .
fair pricing .
great food .

-1
we went in and stood at the podium for several minutes while all the employees walked by us like we were invisible .
we finally asked someone if we could just grab a table .
then we sat there for over 10 min before someone handed us menus then the waiter came by for our order less than 30 seconds after we got the menus .
he checked on is once .
they had about one employee for every table so it was n't like they were that busy .
coffee was ok .
i like the havana latte at lgo much better though .
we both had the breakfast grilled cheese sandwich ( hash browns , bacon , eggs & fontina on grilled sourdough ) aka cholesterol killer .
it was decent but nothing special .
after we ate here this morning i was mentioning it to a friend of mine and she had eaten here before .
she said the coffee was good , the omlet was n't so great and her companion stated `` the server has as much personality as when i 'm sleeping . ``
.
we must have had the same server .
easy on the eyes but not much else .

-1
i was a loyal chompies customer up until today 's visit .
this is the second time in as many months that i received really poor service .
my family and i went for father 's day , expecting the place to be jammed but it was n't busy at all .
however , the service was slow , slow , slow ... we ordered two appetizers and got just one ( we still do n't know what happened to the other one ) , the food was `` meh `` - the philly cheesesteak was mostly roll and overcooked shredded beef .
it took over 30 minutes to get entrees - our server always `` disappeared `` into the kitchen .
we ordered desserts but did n't have forks to eat them with and could n't find the server to get any ( we had to flag down someone else , 10 minutes after our desserts came ) .
overall the service just seemed really sloppy and low class .
the food was ok but not worth the wait or the poor service .
even the dessert ( chompies always had awesome baked goods ) were a bit stale and tasteless .
it 's sad because chompies was never like this before .
hopefully they improve but i 'd suggest you think twice before paying for poor service .

-1
this review is not about trader joe 's the chain ( which is awesome ) but rather this particular store ( the one at arrowhead ) .
i 've lived in several states in various parts of the country and shopped at a number of trader joe 's stores at each location .
this store most definitely proves that not all tj `` s stores are the same .
it is easily the worst tj 's store of the franchise .
just about everything this store sells is within 1-2 days of its expiration date .
i bought food there only to find it was already molding when i took a closer look at it upon unpacking or molded 1-2 days after storing .
i have brought home moldy tortillas , moldy flatbread , guacamole that had gone bad , moldy cheeses ( not the mold that was supposed to be there ) , the bread obviously is made without preservatives , but if things are not put in the refrigerator the second they are brought home , they wo n't last more than a day .
it 's ironic because the store is always busy .
i am not sure why they ca n't maintain an inventory that is even close to edible .
the other thing that nearly drives me out of the store is the music .
i have a pretty varied taste in music and it takes quite a bit for something on the pa stereo system to make me take note and think about leaving before completing my shopping .
blaring rap music and 80s heavy metal really ensures that my shopping stay will be brief .
i have since found a much much nicer tjs ( the one on grand ave ) , so i do n't plan on many return visits to the arrowhead store .

-1
marg was good , sandwich was okay , service was alright but omg the kitchen is s. l. o. w. .
.
really now , more than 45 minites to wait .
shame .
after looking at our watches and determining the time my husband arrived and when the order actually had been taken it was closer to an hour .
one last thing that sticks out is the patio umbrella situation .
four tables , at least three umbrella stands , but only two umbrellas .
i had asked if we could get an umbrella for our table since we had been there more than an hour before our food arrived and it was noticeably hot .
being in uncomfortable conditions does n't make for happy campers .
and waiting an unreasonable amount of time for the food does n't help .
would have spoke highly of server had she jumped on bringing an umbrella over from a recently cleared table but that did n't happen , no , we got up and got that cement base holder and rolled it over and pulled the umbrella and got that set up .
and did any of the staff offer to lend a hand ? !
hmpf .
yeah , right .
fix your patio too cuz it sounds like a few of those boards are gon na break .
they 're definitely a hazard to walk on even if they do n't break .

-1
went this morning for breakfast the woman who was there looked at us like ... how did you get in here , not the most friendly reception ( she did not speak english so when i tried to order a side i got the blank stare ) after giving us the death stare she turned and walked away usually i would tend to walk out but i have had this place on my list to try for awhile.after we took a seat she brought us menus there are only 5/6 breakfast to choose from i had the scramble w/blk beans and plantains the plantains were o.k . but i have had much better much to greesy , wife had shredded beef w/scrammble she said it was good i thought the beef was dry , all and all it was a decent breakfast but not inexpensive for what you get .
will not go back for breakfast but will defenetly go try lunch or dinner

-1
what a soul-crushing experience is cracker barrel .
there is no more miserable experience than eating breakfast at this dump .
still , brak and i go here with bob the programmer for breakfast after a round of golf because it 's close to the course .
there really is n't any other reason to visit .
on our last visit , we had a horrible time getting the attention of our waiter .
our drink glasses were bone dry , and we could n't flag anyone down to fill them .
we did catch the attention of the 3 year old at the next table , which is the last thing i want -- i prefer my peace .
as is typical at cracker barrel , every meal was served on about three plates , so we quickly ran out of table space and had to navigate and consolidate in order to maneuver .
on our previous visit , our waitress stank .
not a working-so-hard-that-she 's - getting-a-little-sweaty stink , but a i-can ` t-believe-she-hasn ` t-been-fired stench .
every time she approached our table , we held our breath and talked about leaving .
seriously appalling .
( note that we did come back -- i do n't know why either . )
the food is mediocre at best .
everything is bland and white , though i discovered that a nice yogurt and fruit parfait .
i ca n't even imagine what anyone would order for lunch or dinner .
i do n't have much to say that 's good about cracker barrel , but i 'll try .
it has a big parking lot .
there are at least 20 paths from the restaurant to do front door , so if you can get past the hostess station , you can always navigate around the gummers and the kids .
it is also highly air conditioned , which feels divine after a round of golf when it 's 106 in the shade ... that 'll boil your brain a bit and make cracker barrel seem like a good idea .

-1
the food is good .
place was dead .
they even called us to ask us to move our reservation earlier so that they could close at 9 .
the business itself has issues .
we bought on travelocity a $ 140 meal `` deal `` for $ 69 .
when we got there , it ends up it is a limited menu , three courses with three choice each .
actually the waiter said this is a `` sampling menu `` .
when we added up the deal , even if we ordered the most expensive 3 options , it only came up to $ 64 .
then you take away that these were much smaller portions , it becomes clear that this certainly is not a deal .
then they added a 18 % tip .
so , food was good but business is deceptive .

-1
lo siento texano 's !
quieria te gusto mucho , pero you did n't treat me right .
you have too much competition in the taco shop circuit to get along by your interesting looks alone .
between a sloppy tostada with tons of fatty dark meat chicken , and an overcooked carne asada california burrito , i just was n't impressed .
this was one of those taco shops that i drove by and went ` oh my god ... i am going to love that place ! '
when i went inside i thought `` oh my god ... i am going to love this place . ``
when i got my food i thought `` oh my god , i am not a huge fan of this place . ``
final thought - it would have been three stars if the jukebox would have let me spend a dollar and play the mana cd that was on the last page of cds .
lo siento texano 's .

-1
ate there yesterday food was average sushi was ok .
waited a long time for crab leg .
over an hour they were tiny for a 16 dollars buffet good variety but all tasted mediocre lots of dirty plates .
told the girl at the fruit bar , and she came out with a towel to clean it right at the buffet table .
donno why she did not take it back to the washing machine .
i took a pic too great wall taste better and shan hai too

-1
no .
just , no .
we went on a slow day and had no idea what we were in for .
our server was nonexistent for the first 30 minutes , when she finally did show she took another 30 to get our beers .
did i mention the place was 1/4 full ?
ridiculous .
the coronas were 4 bucks which is crazy when you can walk over to dos and get them for $ 2.50 .
the tables around us were also complaining at the lack of attention .
the food here is bland at best .
just do n't do it .

-1
neighborhood place .
i said look guys .
i can make breakfast .
what can go wrong ?
this is called foreshadowing great little waitress .
lots of food .
very cold .
every time i go here i regret ordering food .
roll in for a drink at noon .
which i do .
nice bartenders .
sometimes not real attentive .
but in the two years i have lived here i have never left saying `` gosh , that was nice hot and delicious `` .
so i ate a little of the ample portion of potatoes turkey bacon hams and eggs .
i think it was a skillet .
boxed it up .
microwaved it at home and the dogs loved it .
beer is cold cocktails weak .
lots of tv 's and they are great about changing to your game of choice .
i can walk here .
so i continue to make the mistake to eat here .
go to drink .
not to eat anything substantial .
go to little samurai sams across the street and have a rice bowl then wander over for a very cold beer .
not cocktails unless you want a double .
sad .
i would go here all the time it is so close

-1
this place could be great , but needs a little improvement , especially on the weekends .
during the week , it 's a terrific spot to grab a late breakfast , coffee , and even get a some work done on wi-fi .
you can order at the counter and they are pretty quick with bringing out your drinks & food .
have ordered the granola , croque madam , oatmeal and a variety of espresso drinks , and all have been tasty .
weekends , however , are a different story .
they are usually understaffed with servers ( who are hard to pick out from patrons since there is no dress code to distinguish ) , and waiting 30 minutes just for a table to have a simple breakfast is not cool .
they do n't have counter service on the weekends so you are at the mercy of waiting to be seated , and then waiting longer for order taking & food .
been there a couple times for dinner , also very good , with the exception of getting old versions of the menu which have items they do n't make anymore .
loved their fresh halibut .
it does n't seem that there is ever a `` manager `` there on weekends who could make sure the place runs well .

-1
having spotted a $ 28 dior addict ( stiletto ... a word that sounds sexy , yet dangerous ... recall fonda 's single white female ) i really wanted days ago at sephora , i decided to check out two department store makeup counters to see if they were offering a `` gift w / purchase . ``
( turned out that the `` gift w / purchase `` promotion will not be offered till september . )
macy 's turned out to be my first and my last stop that day due to time constraints , the way i was treated , and the fact that the macy 's rep behind the dior counter quoted me a lower price for the lipsticks i wanted to purchase - i was going to buy at least two ( stiletto and envy ) , and i also started looking into the $ 30 rouge dior colors and the $ 34 serum rouge selections .
since i am not fond of returning tainted lipsticks , i proceeded to sample some of the testers using the disposable brushes they have for customers to use .
it was n't long before a woman permanently parked herself behind and to the right of me where i could see her .
even though i greeted her a nice hello and continued to sample colors , after awhile , i felt so uncomfortable , that i decided i 'd just stick to the two choices i initially made , since i can always come back if i ended up liking the products .
the original rep rang my purchases up , and the total was higher than i estimated it to be .
i asked her why , and she said that she 'd looked at another product 's tag when i had asked her earlier for the price .
since it was only a few dollars , i decided i 'd let it go , and left macy 's .
i returned to sephora a few days later to restock on clinique colors that i love .
i always buy three or more of these at a time to eventually replace the almost-new ones i have already , since the bases fall prey to arizona 's heat and break off .
( i do n't have the patience , nor the time , to save these broken pieces in pots and apply them on w / lipstick brushes .
i wish i did , for i would then have the extra cash to spend on my other hobbies of dining out and watching movies at camelview ! )
anyhoo , i ended up buying five colors , which amounted to around $ 77 , including tax ( three for me , and two to gift mom w / , because i like her ) .
see macy 's ?
if you did n't make me feel like i was a marked crook by sending your guard , who was ready to jump me at the slightest move , i 'd have spent so much more money splurging on my favorite makeup items at your counters , rather than at other stores .
i 'm not even pondering on how the rep mislead me by quoting the wrong price -- ok i will ... how could she do that when i specifically gave her the product 's line and color to look up ?
nevermind .
i 'm making it a point to boycott this particular location .
should i ever want to buy anything from a macy 's , i 'll either go to the one in chandler , or to another state even !
perhaps i 'll just spend my money at dillard 's and sephora .

-1
i had higher hopes of being true mexican pizza like i got growing up .
i will say it was very cheap ! !
i also love their marketing .

-1
not sure what all the raves are about .
i ordered the fish burrito - thin fried fish inside my burrito and just ok on the flavor .
as my husband & i were sitting at a table waiting for our order to be called - a worker was walking by every table around us sweeping the floor .
probably should wait to do this when there are n't people eating at tables - kinda gross .
my biggest issue is that i love carne asada fries so i ordered them here .
well as i posted in my pic - i got uncooked floppy fries covered with a thin puree of avocado with cotija cheese chunks mixed in , topped with about a 1/4 cup of carne asada and pico de gallo .
the floppy fries killed me .
it 's unforgivable .
they can fry a decent tortilla chip ( maybe their pre-bought ) so why not fry a crispy fry ?
i can not revisit this establishment sadly since i can not get the taste of uncooked fries and liquid guacamole out of my mouth .
sorry original burrito company .

-1
... if you 're stuck downtown , i guess , but otherwise i really ca n't think of a reason to go here as opposed to any of the other 50 + theaters with free ( ample ) parking , more theaters , and vastly more comfortable seating options .

-1
this is a hard review for me to write .
i absolutely love their juice combinations .
kale liver cleanse , the orange ginger -- amazing .
but the service is sub par .
i went twice in one day ( addicted ) and the same girl behind the counter was super rude to my friend and i both times , and they had us wait so an employee could take a call .
also - i know this place has a ton of fans , a lot of people i know , but i have n't found a dish that i like .
i tried a salad and it was drowning in dressing , and the scrambled eggs were crusty .
the second time i tried to eat there i had the steak sandwich , i ordered it without certain ingredients that came on it anyway , and the entire sandwich was lettuce .
it may just not be my style for food , but for someone who loves to eat , it has been repeatedly disappointing .

-1
i took a trip from mill ave in tempe to downtown phoenix to watch an event .
pros : cheap tickets smooth ride cons : 1 ) does n't cover the whole metro area 2 ) anyone can just hop on here and get a free ride without checking ticket .
3 ) people getting harassed by homeless drunks .
( see # 2 ) i 've taken many heavy-rail / light-rail trips in new york via metro north and in the san francisco bay area ( bart ) .
this one kind of sucks .

-1
embassy suites is my favorite hotel chain , i will go out of my way to stay at their hotels .
i have stayed at the hotel many times .
it 's gone down hill since i stayed last year .
as a hilton diamond member i always ask for upgrades if possible but understand when the hotel is full .
the problem this time was the late check in .
they state on their website and it is hilton 's usual check in time of 3 : pm .
people standing around every where until 5 : pm or later to check in and get into their rooms .
i showed up at 4 : pm and stood around until 5:10 pm until i received my room .
i was told we were full last night , `` hey it 's great the hotel was full and being patronized `` but why should the guest have to be punished because of an under staffed house keeping team .
i was very obvious the whole hotel is understaffed .
the plates and food from whom ever stayed in my room the night before where right next to my door the entire stay even with a noon check out .
do you not have anyone taking care of this , also outside ash trays over flowing , dirty lobby , serious lack of outside furniture for guest .
it 's pretty clear the employee 's run this place not the management team .
i 'm standing in line for that famous embassy suites omelet , two cooks filling orders and bam 8:30 hits one cook packs up and leaves , leaving what appeared to be the jr cook in charge for a twenty minute wait and a grease soaked omelet .
after staying at nearly 50 different embassy 's and every embassy in phoenix this one is pretty much the worst .
in it 's defense the pool is amazing but lacking the use of outside bar .
the rooms are clean but do n't expect to see granite .
the neighborhood is seedy , i actually heard a police shoot out with multiple gun shots across the street in november 2011 .
this could really be a great hotel again but needs a management team who can deliver .

-1
i am sorry to write this disappointing review as we went to cafe monarch with eager anticipation and high expectations .
after all , it was the only restaurant in the phoenix area that i found that had a perfect five stars .
our meal started with a large bowl of cold melon soup with a jalapeã±o salsa and toast with pesto and prosciutto .
it was tasty enough but not particularly interesting or innovative .
for the main course there were three choices .
three of our group were enticed by the pork loin in a sauce over polenta .
the meat was overcooked and the sauce was more like a heavy gravy where the flavors had not developed .
there was a strange spice that overpowered everything and it simply was just mediocre .
i had ordered the shrimp cakes which were quite nice and certainly interesting but they unfortunately were served on a bed of partially cooked , unadorned spinach which was bland and contributed nothing to the dish .
the coup de grace of the hapless meal was the dessert .
the waiter informed us we would be having a chocolate cake with house made vanilla ice-cream , strawberries and chocolate sauce .
pretty mundane for a five star restaurant we thought , but were hopeful it would be great .
the waiter returned to the table apologizing that the cake was gone and deposited a dessert plate consisting of a small a dollop of vanilla ice cream , a couple of cut strawberries , a sluice of chocolate sauce and some kind of cinnamon twists that were dry and uninviting .
trust me it was abysmal .
none of us ate anything but the mouthful of ice cream .
then after we had paid , the waiter came carrying four takeaway containers and announced jauntily that there was some chocolate cake left after all and we could take it home !
very strange and actually kind of alarming .
our table disagreed whether to give the meal two or three stars .
the third star was suggested because the setting was lovely and with the wine we had brought along and good company we still had a great time despite the poor quality of the food .
also , the other reviews frequently sited how personable the chef/host was and how he added so much character to the experience .
we did not see him until we were preparing to go and he briefly stopped by our table .
when we inquired about the spicing in the sauce he was not able to tell us what was in it and was clearly in a hurry to get away .
it was very bizarre .
bottom line , in no way was this a five star experience .
a total disappointment for a much anticipated meal .
later , two different sets of friends shared similar poor experiences and said they did not review cafe monarch as they thought with such high ratings their meal must have been an anomaly .
i felt it was important to set the record straight .

-1
went here with some friends for some happy hour drinks and food .
ordered the market kale salad with chicken and it had a little extra surprise in it .
as i was on my 3rd bite i ran across a huge red hair in my salad .
needless to say i sent it back .
avoid the food !

-1
perhaps this store has a wider selection than the one closer to my home .
but , since i do most of my shopping @ tj ' s and the public market , this matters not to me .
i ventured to the osborn st. store because the neighborhood safeway was out of guinness stout .
i thought it smelled funny .
and the cashier 's oddly aggressive efficiency was unnerving .
i was considering the purchase of a gossip magazine , but felt like he 'd yell at me if i broke his stride .

-1
my husband and i have gone to the phoenix locations for years , but every time we go to the tempe location it 's hit or miss .
today we ordered two burritos and two carne asada tacos on flour .
the girl ringing us up seemed distracted with her phone .
when she repeated our order she left off the tacos so we repeated ourselves .
when the food was brought out she had the burritos mixed up and we had to bite into them to discover the switch .
when our tacos came out they were on corn not flour .
all of the tortillas were dry which we 've experience at this location before .
i had to go inside to try and get the tacos switched out for flour .
the cashier said she did n't hear us say flour and that she would get another out to us .
more than five minutes later the taco came out when we were done eating .
would n't have been a big deal except that there were only two other tables in the restaurant and they already had their food .
i do n't think one taco should take more than 5 minutes to make .
we 'll go back because we typically like the food , but this was a bad experience .

-1
the original twangy tart that made my heart go buck wild ... ... ... yeah , that was the original location also ... .
.
this new one , not so much as a pitter patter .
they were having a grand opening special , all orders 50 % off so that was cool .
it 's very small and you serve yourself now , too bad the fruit was n't looking very fresh .
the twangy tart was anything but .
seriously it just tasted like plain milk , no twang .
the creamy blueberry , not so creamy but very tarty , almost in a pixie stix kinda away , actually that 's exactly what it tasted like .
sadly i do n't think i 'd come here again given the other options i have for frozen yogurt .
sorry ice tango .

-1
24 hours is a joke at this location and the service is just as bad .
they should change their name to `` we are out `` .
it really does not matter that we got a late night donut craving and headed about 25 miles out of our way late at night to fill that craving ... what matters is getting our hearts set on certain flavors and more than 1/2 of the time we are barked at `` we are out `` .
really ?
24 hours and you are out of everything ?
not even as much as an `` i am sorry , but we are out `` no just `` we are out `` .
maybe keep the lobby open 24 hours so that when you are out of everything customers can actually see that you are out and not waste their time hearing `` no `` that 's a bad word in customer service , yes sometimes it is not possible to always say yes , but no should not be the primary word in a business priding itself to be 24 hours .
can you imagine going to wendys late at night and ordering a burger and being told `` we have no more meat in stock `` ... well then what is the point of being 24 hours ?
i guess just to pay some pissed off cashier to do nothing , but get an attitude with her customers because they are sick of being told no .
onto the donuts , they were very good and flaky !
i think my fave one was the chocolate with sprinkles .
the raspberry one was ok at best ... the filling was what i did not care for at all , but the actual donut was good !
my husband liked the glazed the best .
we both went there with our hearts set on a certain flavor and of course both left without those since this 24 hour location decided that stocking up was not a crucial part of being a good 24 hour location .
i guess it is good that what we did get we , for the most part , liked enough to say we would go back ... .
but maybe to another location if we were in the area .

-1
groupon - why do n't restaurants get that this is their chance to build a following ?
to get repeat business ?
we went for sunday brunch with our 10 & 8 yr olds .
no it 's not a kids joint but our kids have eaten in some of the finest and divey joints around the country .
the first thing i notice is the floor is still dirty from what could only be the night before since we were the first ones there .
then my water had floaties , coffee cup came with a bit of green stuff .
the waitress with dirty looking hair really could n't care less .
i ordered the eggs with their name on it .
if you put your name on it it better be good right ?
i could have made it better at home .
it was soooooo salty and yet so boring .
it came with potatoes that had to have been mass produced and frozen .
blah .
my kid ordered the flat bread with short ribs ( a dream for him ) we asked them to leave off the fried leeks , sure !
but added fresh green leeks all over .
he is a kid he did n't want leeks !
fried or fresh .
i noticed everyone else was drinking maybe that 's what will keep this place going because i ca n't recommend the food or the cleanliness .

-1
i think this place is on its last legs .
i went there for a mom 's night out and we were so disappointed .
i asked for one of my favorite champagnes ( the taittinger ) and they did not have it .
ok , then he offered me another one which was good , i had it before , i did n't care the glass was $ 16 .
when we asked for a food menu , our server told us they did n't have one since they were on a `` limited summer menu `` , really ? ? ?
well , we had to ask what it consisted of .
it was a little bit of a joke .
bruschetta , fries and potato skins , really ?
the other moms decided they were going to go to true foods for dinner , but i did n't want to stay out too late since i had bootcamp at 5:30 am .
i ordered the bruschetta , it was a little sad .
i had a taste of each a couple of my girlfriends had a piece to taste , but we left 1/2 of it there .
at least i had a 20 % off with my check in , so with tax and tip for one glass and the bruscheta i ended up paying $ 34 .
i would have not minded if it was good and there was some ambiance .
there was only one other table with guests .
too bad , because it is such a beautiful space .

-1
i came here with a large group with about 20 people so we had two tables .
the 2nd table ordered their dinner first and seemed to get all of their dishes within 10 to 15 minutes of ordering .
however , the table i was at ordered about 5 to 10 minutes after our other table , but it took like 30 minutes for our food to come out .
the server taking our order was distracted the whole time while taking our order .
each table ordered the spring rolls , beef chow fun , house special fried rice , crispy fried 1/2 chicken , and fish filet special sauce .
our table also ordered the spicy green beans .
the other table also ordered the bbq beef .
in general all the food was pretty good probably a 5 but the portion sizes leave a lot to be desired .
i as well as some other in my party had been here before noticed that the portion sizes were noticeably smaller .
in addition the lady waiting our table messed up our spring roll order for fried egg rolls and blamed it in us with an attitude ( maybe if she was n't soo distracted ) , though she corrected the problem .
our other table ordered a second order of fish filet with special sauce after they had eaten theirs and asked how long it would take for the second order .
the server said 5-7 minutes -- it took almost 30 minutes ! !
maybe it 's just me , but most of my experiences at chinese/vietnamese/asian restaurants within the past few years just seem to be bad .
maybe my below average expectations at these types of restaurants have to be so low that everything will be good .
though i do n't think i should have to lower my expectations at asian restaurants because i 've also been to american and mexican restaurants with mostly good experiences .

-1
if you are looking for a suburban-like , strip mall , sushi restaurant with new kids on the block playing on the radio , sapporo is the place for you .
unfortunately , it is not the place for me .

-1
this is a lake .
it has water in it .
it 's not very clean water .
the lake police will yell at you if you let your dog swim in the water .
that sucks .
i think it 's semi-retarded to review a lake .

-1
so i went back here again , i ca n't say i like the place any better , some food is dirt cheap but some other foods are twice as expensive to make up for it , the cashiers are too old to be doing a job that should be done fast and efficiently , the checkout lines as well as the deli are still rather long , being in here to buy something in-particular with the `` low-price `` in mind just to find out they do n't carry it , was rather disappointing .
i will go back , as absolutely needed but this will definitely not be my store of choice .

-1
i do n't understand the hype !
the bread was ok , but they use over processed smithfield ham !
i can buy that at the grocery store .
their mayo tasted funny , too !
never going back !

-1
full trash bins , over charged for free drink with sandwich purchase , unfriendly man working today .
this is not what i am used to for a qt .

-1
two stars for the duck pond .
that 's it .
margs taste like sugar water , food overpriced and actually tasteless .
i feel bad because i used to love this place and i know people that work there .
but the food sucked last two times and the service was so so .
got a super bad vibe from my server because we just ordered apps ( that sucked ) one was so bad we returned it .
anyways , two dry tamales and three margs ( house ! ! ! ! )
were 34.00 .
still tipped $ 8 .
sorry i did n't spend $ 75 - but i wo n't spend even $ 30 again there .
bad food , rude service .
nice duck pond .
that 's all ya got .

-1
i ca n't believe i am updating my review for bliss/rebar with a negative experience .
the server/bartender ( which i think was the problem , bartenders have so much to do that waiting on 16 or so people can get tricky ) was initially very responsive to our table of 7 , he got drink orders , food orders and then double checked with us on the food order .
however as his section filled up , his service declined .
he could have handled it better , but i think this one largely weighs as a management problem .
this was the day of the phoenix aids walk , we beat the rush at bliss , but they got busy quick !
why was the bartender also serving 16 or so people ?
a server , or the manager should have taken over the section .
specific issues : i got the bliss scramble , which i could swear i had before and it was great , this time it was essentially a denny 's chorizo omelet at twice the price .
the ` toast ' was something that elwood would have enjoyed ( re : dry , white , bread ) , the scramble was a flattened conglomeration of cheese , chorizo and egg ( the menu said veggies too , but i could n't find them ) on top of hash browns that were nothing special .
my girlfriend got the eggs benedict , i quote : `` the worst eggs benedict i have ever had ! ``
it was supposed to be served on pretzel bread .
the bread it was served on looked like it would be perfect for bruschetta .
one of our friends got the french toast , which is also ` sliced pretzel bread ' according to the menu .
however , that was obviously pretzel bread , i had some , it was delicious .
i did n't even feel inclined to try my girlfriend 's poor little bruschetta breads sitting under their hood of egg and hollandaise .
when matt s , the bartender/server , came by with another round of food , we asked him why the meal was not as described , he said it was , that was the pretzel bread .
even though we had an example of pretzel bread sitting on the table .
a helpful guy who 'd only been there a week , went to check with the kitchen for us and came back to let us know that pretzel bread and pretzel buns were different .
we thanked him for that info , as another friend had a pretzel bun sitting on her plate and yes it was different from the pretzel bread that was made into french toast , and it was quite different from the sad little slices that were looking for light under their egg roof .
the amount of egg on the benedict was startlingly small as well , especially for a place that i usually feel has over-sized portions , everyone 's portions ( including my homely omelet ) were superior to the benedict .
which means that yes , the bread was even smaller than the small serving of eggs .
matt was also wrong about two eggs that he brought us , he stood there at the table with them asking who ordered them , we said no one and he put them down and left .
my scramble came well after everyone else had started eating , perhaps a reason it was so blah ?
i added one of the mystery eggs to my scramble to make it at least somewhat interesting .
never , not once did matt ask us if we needed ketchup , sriracha or anything like that .
the few times he swooped by , it seemed he was trying to not make eye contact .
( probably because of the non-pretzel bread ) .
we received a bill with errors and a few unhappy looks .
then we headed out to continue our day wondering if we should get some more , and better food at squash blossom next time ... i am sorely disappointed in bliss ' brunch this day , and saddened by this , i used to be able to recommend this place without reservations as an excellent brunch and dinner venue ( i have never been for lunch ) .
now , if asked where to go ... i 'd probably have to say the welcome diner , squash blossom , or denny 's if you want a chorizo omelet , dry toast , and hash browns .

-1
went to the good egg on camelback at 1:30 pm on a friday which might have been a mistake as my waitress lindsay was not pleasant in the least .
it was like i was inconveniencing her , even though i arrived an hour before their 2:30 closing .
i said , hi , how are you and got not response , she took my order with a sour face , dropped the food later without really a word and i did n't see here until i was done , which sucks since it would have been nice to have syrup with my pancakes .
good food , poor service .
te good egg is usually much better than that .
but today it should have been called suck eggs .

-1
goodyear ballpark is a nice place to catch a spring training game .
our favorite seats are in the right field pavillion .
you can enjoy hamburgers , hot dogs , chips , shredded chicken barbeque , cookies and unlimited non-alcoholic drinks all for $ 30 .
this ballpark is good for like once a year visit for spring training .
its too far but it is very fan friendly .
plenty of activities for the little ones .
you can still catch all the action while roaming around the ballpark .
again , nice place to catch a game but nothing special unless acourse you love the reds and indians .
my recommendation is make the trek out there buy a lawn seat and then sit anywhere you want .
never any big crowds .
the night we went there was 4,000 plus .
earlier in the week they only had a little over 2,000 .

-1
three of us went for dinner .
we ordered the spring rolls that come 2 at a time .
so i asked if they could give us 3 spring rolls instead - just toss on another and charge us for it .
`` oh no .
the cooks wo n't do that .
you have to get two orders `` .
so we get two orders .
we ordered several other items and finally when we were done , we had one spring roll on the table .
when i asked for it to be boxed the server asked if i really wanted it .
heck yeah - you made me buy an extra one - feel free to box one spring roll .
the service was pretty much like that the whole night .
i 'd suggest take-out .
they ask you what kind of spice rating you want - medium , hot , etc . .
i 'm not sure why , the medium was hotter than the hot which does n't say much .
there 's no thai spicy at this place .

-1
odd food experience with this place .
i tend to avoid chains in general and follow the yelp reviews but was out with my parents ( who are in the senior citizen category of life , and they wanted to go because you got a free blooming onion when you ordered an entree ( or maybe two , i do n't know ) , and my mother had a coupon for $ 4 off when you order two entrees .
so , we went , and not a fun eating experience , and here is why .
first , the blooming onion , and i realize it was free , was half cooked .
about half of it was not edible .
i have n't had one before but my mother noted that they were usually much better .
i was like ` it 's free , who cares ? ``
- but it was indicative of other events in the dining experience .
second , parents wanted to split an entree and salad and were specific on the salad ( no croutons , extra cucumber ) , ended up getting a split salad with croutons and without the cucumber addition - the waiter came over and even noted that they seemed to have gotten the wrong salad ( who knows , maybe someone else split a salad ) ?
then the entrees we ordered came out later than at least one other table , even though they had come in at least 10 to 15 minutes later .
i had a steak salad and my parents split a cheeseburger so not sure why the orders ended up , well , out of order .
finally , even though my parents had noted they were doing the blooming onion and the coupon , when the waiter ( brian ) brought the bill , he said the manager would not allow my parents to do both the free blooming onion and the coupon for $ 4 off .
now , i understand the idea but my parents had been quite open in their intentions before ordering .
i ended up speaking to the manager ( lorenzo ) , who initially said he could not put both in the system and i had to point out that my parents had openly noted they were doing both and that would have been the time to explain how things work , not when the meal was over .
okay , i do n't want to paint a broad brush on outback , i 've eaten at other locations in the past and have been more than fine with the experience , and they look like , as others have pointed out , that they do make some great drinks .
in addition , my steak salad was quite good .
i would happily have it again .
hey , i 'd even go back and eat at the bar .
i 'm just saying that this specific experience was not a good one .
who knows , i may find myself at the bar , having one of those interesting cocktails and end with a much better review .

-1
bj 's is an alright place , taste-wise .
the food is good , the drinks are good ( i 've only ever had a few of their cocktails but my boys assure me the beers are pretty decent ) .
it 's a sports-bar type of place , with a lot of tv 's everywhere , including a giant six-way screen over the bar .
the decor has a warm feel to it , lots of mood lighting and dark wood everywhere .
but by far the biggest draw-back is the wait time and staff .
this bj 's seems to either be tragically under-staffed , or suffering some kind of server quality issues .
you 'll wait half an hour at least unless you show up at just the right time .
your drinks will take another fifteen minutes to get there ; yes , even if they 're just fountain drinks .
if you order beers or cocktails it will take just as long if not longer .
the one time we ordered an appetizer , the waitress completely forgot to bring it out , and tried to smooth over that by saying , `` oh , i kept looking over at you guys just sitting here and i thought someone else had already brought it out and you ate it already ! ``
that was the weirdest excuse i 've ever heard from a server .
so you not only thought another server picked up your slack without telling you , but you saw us sitting there for fifteen minutes with empty drinks ?
( this is where i would concur with another reviewer ... i did notice that near the restrooms , a group of the same servers were always standing and talking and laughing . )
she also acted upset and confused when we asked her to remove it from the bill .
why would we want our appetizer after we 've already finished the entrees ?
our server was very sweet , but she seemed very ill-suited to the job .
all in all , if you 're used to nyc-like wait times for everything , then this should n't bother you .
usually i am very patient for my food as long as everything else is going well and the drinks are flowing .
but when you 're sitting at a table with an empty glass full of melting ice and you 're starting to think you were forgotten , then my opinion of the place starts going down .
i 've been to this location five times and my experiences have been exactly the same .

-1
while in scottsdale with some family , we all decided that the trip would be for naught if we did n't try some local mexican food .
while i was thrilled at the prospect of some mexican in a region known for it 's amazing authentic options , i was a bit dissapointed with the spotted donkey cantina .
first off , the spotted donkey cantina is a nice place , with a calming atmosphere and servers that are both well-dressed and well-versed .
additionally , the options are unique ( although not what i would call `` authentic `` ) and i would be surprised if anyone found they were unable to find a dish they were excited to order .
however , when my food finally arrived ( chili as an appetizer and enchiladas for the main course ) , i was a bit disappointed to find that my dishes were a bit underwhelming .
both the pork chili and the enchiladas were almost entirely devoid of meat , instead containing mostly fillers like chopped tomatoes , cheese and beans .
as i 'd paid nearly $ 20 in total for both , this was extremely disappointing .
head over to the spotted donkey cantina if you 're looking for a good atmosphere for a business dinner or a date , but keep away if you 're looking for either authentic mexican cuisine or a bang for your buck .

-1
chicago style hot dig restaurant ran by asians .
how authentic .
rather have driven the extra couple miles to lukes at 16th st and camelback .
portions where small , much more bread then meet .

-1
slow drive thru !

-1
this is a great `` scene `` but the food was not that great ... i had the filet and it was not very tender and didnt have great flavor ... but the wings were great ... i think the apps are better than the dinner menu !
the patio rocks ! !

-1
the wait staff was very friendly , but our reservation for eight was taken in error for the back patio which can only accommodate 6 persons .
regardless , they did get us setup in the front patio and comped the chips and guac .
everyone said their food was delicious , but my short rib and my wife 's chicken was very dry , good flavor , but dry .
they also had a service issue where 4 of the 8 people were served , and the other 4 were served also 10 minutes after .
i may go back in the future , but for the money , i would n't bring a large group there .

-1
meh , slow .
no service to speak of way too much $ $ for the so so food .
i walk in the front door , no one greets us .
we didnt know where to sit .
it was chaotic .
the pastries are good , but i wont be back .

-1
my co-worker called in an order at 1:30 pm , well after lunch rush and was told by the lady that answered the phone that `` she needed to order right now or forget it `` .
ummmm , seriously ? ?
she 's lucky it was n't me that called it in .
she would have gotten a piece of my mind and not received the order .
luckily for them , she is a lot nicer than me .
1 star is for my co-workers carne asada burrito , she says it is `` the bomb `` .
1/2 star is for my rice that is fairly tasty .
1/2 star is for the delivery being fairly quick .
i got just a ground beef/bean burrito with lettuce/sour cream/cheese .
pretty much tasted like taco bell 's burrito supreme .
nothing to write home about ... at all .
overall completely irritated i wasted good money on this place .
get someone else to answer your phone if you want repeat business ! ! ! !

-1
uhg .
i have not gone to chili 's in a few years .
the service is poor , food is so-so , and priced a bit high for what you 're getting .
and recently i tried them again .
.
they are consistently disappointing .
waited 15 minutes after sitting for drinks .
waited 40 minutes to order .
received food 1hr 15min after sitting .
my burger was good but the onion rings were cold and mushy .
will not be back .
for the record , i like fridays , red robin , and applebees .

-1
i only tried to eat here once was awful.my chicken was so dry i nearly chocked ... i hear beer is cheap ... guess this place is only drinkable

-1
not impressed at all .
the goat cheese fondue was pretty good but the steak with chimi churri and fries was barely an ok .
the service was good and the decor is really nice but for the prices , you could do way better .
they 're doing a `` latin america food tour `` and it was peru 's turn .
i did n't have the peruvian menu but my friend who had it was pleased .
i guess i would n't go back .

-1
i 've been here about 4-5 times for the lunch buffet over several years , always hoping for a better experience .
the price is right for the lunch buffet but the quality of the pizza is shabby .
as another reviewer stated well ; salty .
if you order a regular pizza it is not nearly as bad tasting as the lunch buffet .
the restaurant is well worn out , cramped seating , and normally only two staff checking customers out , seating , refilling drinks etc . .
seems very under staffed .
i do not know why i continue to have faith in this place ; however it is time for a change of location and never here again ! !

-1
thoroughly not impressed .
a friend of mind told me about their new location in tempe and dropped a brochure at my desk .
.
the photos are amazing , and i can attest that the cupcakes in person were just as pretty .
the pretty ambiance was ruined by the fly hovering within the cupcake display case landing on the cupcakes .
the woman behind the counter was disinterested in answering questions and even ignored my inquiries about what gluten free flavors they had for the day .
i was disappointing to see they house the gluten free in with the traditional , not the best idea for avoiding cross contamination , but decided they must practice safe standards as there cupcakes are quite well put together , so i ignored the oversight .
they had one gluten free option , a vanilla cake with a mountain of frosting topped with white pastilles .
i purchased four intending to bring them home .
when i ate one upon getting to work , the cake was very dry and greasy , just as another yelp review stated .
the frosting is overly sweet and ridiculously overdone , causing the cupcake to topple over .
the coworker that went with me purchased the salted caramel ( non-gluten free ) , and found hers to be just as dry , overly frosted , and equally disappointing .
i am leaving the remaining three cupcakes in the work break room , not even worth bringing home , what a waste of $ 15 .
bottom line : invest your time and money into heading over to sprinkles in scottsdale .
better cupcakes better service , and fly free displays .
they may have only one gluten free option , but it is far superior .

-1
archies is not a jewish deli .
anyone who thinks it is has never been to a real jewish deli ... period .
i have been to archies a handful of times .
i can honestly say it has gone severely down hill .
the food was ummmm.not good .
service was so so at best .
archies sucks and that is down from ugggh .
the matzoh ball soup is a crime to matzoh ball soup .
the pastrami and corned beef was really bland ... and tasteless .
it would be the laughing stock of `` delis `` for about 4 days until it closed in a jewish neighborhood .
do not kid yourself ...

-1
went during out to macayos at about 230pm .
noticed floors ( with ugly casino carpet ) were very dirty .
tables were not bussed for over 45 minutes ... some remaining dirty before and after we left .
two parties that came in after us were seated next to dirty tables .
we were given the lunch menu , even though it did n't apply on weekends .
the restaurant is run down , shabby , and the upholstery and chairs need to be replaced .
my meal was relatively flavorless .
the margaritas that were `` on sale `` were sugary and weak .
the drink menu presented to us ( which we had to ask twice for ) was sticky over all pages .
our table had dried food and cheese clinging to it and silverware was very flimsy and dirty .
wooden chairs were wobbly , like they could give way any moment .
it 's an insult to mexicans to call this a `` mexican `` restaurant .
this macayo 's location is filthy ( bathrooms as well ) , dirty , dark , and outdated .
hopefully tourists do n't go here as it would be a bad representation of what phoenix has to offer in regard to mexican/southwest food .
there is better mexican food to be had/eaten in phoenix .
it 's sad to see this landmark on central in decline .

-1
it was our last day in phoenix and we were looking for someplace near asu to get breakfast .
this was fairly close so we stopped.the staff was friendly but the food at this restaurant was very strange .
we ordered ( what we thought were ) egg plates but were apparently some type of tofu scramble .
the food was fairly tasty , but overpriced for something that did n't even have meat in it .
my daughter ordered a coffee that cost $ 5.25 ( ! )
which was so bad it was undrinkable .
we will not be back .

-1
i 'll eat here for lunch if i need sustenance .
i 'm generally not a big fan of deli shops , but when you need food - you need food !
there 's really nothing fancy about their sandwiches - either that or i ordered the wrong meal ( ck parm sandwich ) .
does boar 's head own this joint ... talk about loyalty to the brand .
granted boar 's head does make some yummy deli meats , but man where 's your own identity ! ?
aside from the picture frames of old new york and some sports memorabilia ; there 's nothing new york about this place .
the price like all deli joints around - i feel is over priced .
again , i come for lunch not for fine dining .
service , well they were pretty quick i might add , but i hope it does n't take much time to make a sandwich anyways ... - enjoy !

-1
i worked for great clips and it was the worst experience ever .
corporate expects you to do a 15 minute haircut .
that is do-able .
i can do a pretty good cut in 15 minutes .
of course that doesnt include any blow dry or style after .
the problem for me was that the store managers expect you to do 8 minute cuts .
there were so many stylist that did 8 min ( or less ) cuts but they had a ton of re-do 's .
i never had re-do 's but i refused to rush a haircut .
i got alot of crap for not rushing .
i hated the job .
if you are the type that is in a huge rush this may be a good place for you .
just dont expect a perfected cut .

-1
the sandwich had too much mustard on it ... place was empty and service was just okay .
.
no more kids eat free on wednesdays which was why i went there

-1
great place to watch sports .
beer is always good , but the menu needs a little help .
depending on what you order , but the nachos are embarrassing !
who uses cheese sauce on nachos ... it makes sense at a baseball park , but come on blue 32 ... step it up !
the air handling system is horrible too .
bring a scarf and parka , for if you sit at the high tables , you could freeze to death .

-1
i 've never been to this ` club ' , but went to enjoy the annual brazilian day , sept 8 , 2012 .
me & mine were excited about enjoying this rare event full of fun , music , entertainment and food .
after paying for $ 5 parking in this super dark area , we walk into the club .
the ` bouncer ' or entry guy was less than welcoming .
people that went ahead and purchased tickets in advance were n't appreciated or honored , they were sent to another side door , only after already standing in line .
why was n't it organized with proper signage before ? !
once you do walk in , you 're not welcomed , but left to walk in this empty room with no organization whatsoever !
we walk outside to the music playing .
there 's this pathetic lil ' nissian booth who 's asking people to sign up for a raffle ... not for a car , but for one stupid $ 25 gift card .
the guy representing actually seemed embarrassed .
then you go stand in line to get tickets for the food .
then you stand in a seperate line for the horrible tasting poor excuse of ` brazilian fried food ' .
the food was : fried croquette that was unidenifiable , brite ?
, and empanada that you could n't taste the inside .
bland , sad , `` why the hell did i wait for this in the line `` food ?
the only saving grace to this was the entertainment : especially the samba queen .
impressive dance and live music .
well organized entertainment .
poorly organized site : food lines , ticket lines and drinks ( only two bartenders ) .

-1
i was just told they do n't show ufc .
are you kidding me ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
very disappointing - and shortsighted if you ask me ...

-1
this store is very small , so the selection is quite limited .
you are lucky if they will give you a few pennies for your books .
the wait was also very long to sell even though i got there right when they opened .
bookmans is far superior to this place on all accounts - trade value which is much higher , larger selection and quick turnaround on sales !

-1
i was really looking forward to getting pizza from here as i 've had it before and it was good .
so after looking at the menu i decided on a pie with two toppings sun-dried tomato 's and hatch green chili 's .
i ordered around 730pm and figured about a 30-40 minute wait .
at 840pm still had no pizza so i called and asked what the issue was .
just then the driver called and asked for directions to my house .
i got the pie close to 9pm and the pepsi was not really cold and the pie was far from hot .
so based on this experience a two star review because the pizza was good but for bad delivery and high cost for the poor service .

-1
this may be the last time i go indigo .
do n't get me wrong , for scottsdale the price is right , and i never have a problem getting a last minute room .
but it seems really rundown here and a few things left me with a sour taste during my one night stay .
first up , there was a harsh smell of sewage in my room , could n't detect where it was coming from ... you 'd think the bathroom but it got more faint the closer to the bathroom i moved .
also the shower tile needed to replaced a year or two ago , cracked , chipped , dingy .
the food at the bar is pretty meh and it 's not cheap .
but justin works hard and he 's up for some conversation if that 's you 're thing .
i think i 'd rather spend more and hit up somewhere else in the hood like the ho or firesky .

-1
what can i say about blue martini ?
this place has become the new barcelona in my opinion .
cougar centrale !
it is definitely an older female demographic .
now my opinion has been formed by just one jaunt into this place , but i 'm sure it 's the same on any given night .
there will be the older drunk guys dancing with some woman they would n't want to be seen with on any other night .
drink prices were n't outlandish which you would sort of expect .
there are four bars in this joint .
so getting a drink should be easy right ?
negatory .
it was like waiting for hailey 's comet to order something .
plus you have to deal with the db guys muscling their way in trying to jump the line .
overall , if you are desperate for a place to go in citynorth , this is probably the `` classiest `` joint there .
not sure i will be going back ever .

-1
great boba drinks !
i 've tried the thai tea , mango , and watermelon .
very good ( very sweet if you like that , i do ) .
the boba is excellent .
i lived in hawaii for many years so i know my boba : ) where they lose 3 stars for me ... customer service is severely lacking ( bad attitude from the lady taking our order at the counter ) and the drinks are overpriced .
plus , it 's too warm in there .
come on , it 's 110 degrees outside ... stop being cheap and turn on the ac !
also , you must spend a minimum of $ 10 in order to use a debit card .
i hate when businesses do this because i never carry cash .
it 's so annoying .
next time i 'm getting the drinks to go .

-1
frustrated and disappointed !
we order from here on occasion for delivery to our office .
its so hit and miss if you actually get someone on the phone , if the place is open or what kind of service you 're gon na get .
if you do n't have the staff to deliver then take it off your menu and site .
when we actually got food , it was not all that hot , and the fries were soggy from being wrapped up with the hot dog ... whatever ... too many other reliable places to order from .

-1
i do n't understand how so many people have had great experiences with the owner .
he gets grumpy when we use a card instead of cash and it 's not like we 're placing a piddly order -- we 're buying more than enough to justify it .
i prefer to get the food to go ( i love the tzatziki ) but recently decided to eat in and realized i wo n't ever do that again .
i had ordered greek fries but received regular fries instead .
when i mentioned this to the waitress , who was really nice , she told the owner who then complained about me in the nearby kitchen .
i like to think that cashiers , waiters , and customer service people in general appreciate my patience and kindness but this guy makes me feel like it 's such a hassle for him to even bother with me .
i had another bad experience ordering lunch today and i 'm done with this place ... i just do n't get it .
: (

-1
pluses : - dave & buster 's - bevmo !
- finally a barnes & noble near my home minuses - horrible traffic flow in the parking lot - often ridiculous crowds , drawn by ? ? ?
there 's nothing all that unique within this shopping center .
this place is awfully disappointing , just a complete clusterfuck when you want to attempt a 10 minute errand , and i do n't imagine the parking lot will be any better once the sam 's club opens .

-1
usually a big fan , however tonight the carne asada burro did not deliver ; the culprit - poorly chopped pico de gallo .
seriously pieces of onion larger than the biggest chunk of carne .
no joke 1/4 inch cuts of onion , whole slices of jalapeno , uncut cilantro leaves .
: (

-1
i went here expecting greatness .
i left disappointed .
i was the only patron and the fries had so much salt on them that i could not eat them .
the burger was huge but nothing special .
after i got my food i asked for extra thousand island dressing and the lady rudely said `` 50 cents ! ``
just not a great experience .
i would never go back .

-1
i was excited to hear bianco opened a new restaurant at town and country .
it was monday and i did n't bring my lunch to work so i thought i 'd treat myself and check it out right away !
sort of disappointed .
i was craving really good homemade pasta .
i got the potato gnocchi and i thought was going to be a bolognese sauce but it was more of a chopped/shredded pork sauce ( i would n't really call it sauce ) with heavy citrus and parsley flavor ( maybe i misread the menu ) .
anyways , it was n't what i was hoping for - pretty heavy for a hot day in may !
i ordered the bread/olive oil too .
and just water .
with a tip it came to $ 20 .
just a little more than i 'd like to pay - even when i 'm treating myself - but i 'm willing to do it if it 's good and i 'm craving it !
do n't think i 'll be coming back anytime soon .
and i 'll definitely either wait until it is cooler and the heavy entrees are more appropriate or i 'll order a salad !
also the service could be a little better .
it was n't very crowded so i got a table right away but it did take awhile to place my order .
i asked my waitress what were the best pastas and was hoping she would have explained them in some more detail .
she just said the gnocchi was her favorite and i went with that .
next time i 'll be asking more questions for sure !
on a positive note , i love the location , decor and atmosphere .
just wonder if it 's a little too pricey/specialized for that location , considering what else is in that complex .
the neighboring restaurants are n't really on the same level , attracting the same people .
but , i wish them luck and hope to find something to rave about next time i venture to try it again !

-1
meh .
sports bar .
worse , a sports bar chain .
the outdoor patio was more attracitve , even if was part of the mall 's covered car park .
i do n't tolerate the smell of stale beer .
that 's what greeted me at the inside podium .
there 's bar food on the menu , of course .
fried next to more fried stuff .
come here after work and throw down some beers .
that would be fun .

-1
sitting at my desk in my office , i could see a steady flow of coworkers returning from their lunch breaks with fatburger soda cups .
this was enough to make me crave a big , fat , juicy , heart clogging , carb-filled burger and fries .
so one day i decided to venture out and have my own fatburger experience .
i selected their king burger combo meal because i always order more than i should .
the meal consisted of a 1/2 pound burger , fries and a drink .
i got the burger with all the fixins ' and selected the fat fries .
the total for the meal was $ 9.19 .
arriving before the lunch rush , there was almost no line .
the order taker was friendly and did n't try to `` upsize me `` or sell me anything other than what i wanted .
i waited a bit longer than i wanted for my meal , but i guess that is because they cook everything when it 's ordered .
my only complaint is that there were no suitable containers in which to take out ketchup .
they had those little paper cup things but there was no top to keep the contents from getting all over my car .
there were also none of those ketchup packets to be found so i left their establishment ketcupless .
back in my office i found that the burger and fries actually look like what is on their menu which is a surprise .
the size of the meal was very good and filled me up quite nicely and then some , so i guess the food and drink was a good value for my money .
my only issue was the actual taste of the food .
i found it very bland and average at best .
they either need to better season their meat/bun/something or start using some `` secret sauce `` to flavor up their burgers .
i had the same issue with the fries .
thankfully , i was able to pile on salt and steal some leftover ketcup packets from the community fridge .

-1
really ?
not very coupon friendly .
moved to cvs .

-1
when i brought my item to the register it did not ring up at 30 % off .
i told the sales clerk it had a sign that said it was on sale .
we went to the rack and it did have a sign that said 30 % off and it was facing the rack with 10 + of the article i took on it .
she said it was a mistake and there was nothing she could do about it .
this is not the first time i have had this happen at stein mart and the sales clerks are never nice about it .
items frequently ring up wrong and it is frustrating .
i wo n't be going back to this location .

-1
just so-so for a coffee place .
there 's a nice atmosphere and plenty of space if you wanted to study or chat with friends .
the biggest problem though are the drinks .
when a large chain like starbucks or the independently owned coffee place that took up residence in your previous location has you beat on pricing , there had better be some mind blowing quality to back it up .
sadly , i was disappointed in the results .
for two tall ( 12oz ) iced drinks we spent $ 10 , and a dollar of which was just for the ice !
seriously , there 's no reason to charge an extra $ 0.50 just to ice my drink down and so far this is the only place that charges extra for a cold drink .
as for the pricing , i could walk out of most other coffee places with a venti ( 20oz ) or more for that price .
still though , i was hopeful in the quality of the coffee .
there 's a unique combination of flavored mochas that you can order like the milky way mocha , the almond joy mocha , and black forest mocha just to name a few .
the flavors sound great in thought but in practice there was n't much to write home about .
i got the milky way mocha since the combination of white chocolate , dark chocolate , and caramel sounded like a good mix .
would have been better of asking for an espresso in a glass of milk because that 's mostly what i got .
none of the other flavors were present except for coffee laced milk .
now i know that 's what most of these mocha drinks are but at least there 's a hint of the flavor that was ordered .
not a bit of it in this one .
i 'm not sure how their black coffee is so for the manic coffee only drinkers , i ca n't speak to the quality of their brew .
but i can say that $ 5 for 12oz of milk is way too much .
i may try gold bar again sometime , but wo n't be for a while

-1
not impressed ... the inventory is old and outdated .
most of it looks cheap ... not a plus for anyone trying to sell their pieces .
i also do not like how they make you put your purse in a locker ... i get that not everyone is as trustworthy as i am , but it turns me off .

-1
i work a little north of here and have been a few times for lunch .
personally , i would say this is worth a skip if it comes up as an option .
the prices at big daddy 's are aweful .
i tried the brontosaurus bone once ( most expensive item i remember seeing ) and it was basically just one large rib .
the taste was n't bad , but not work the $ 20 + i had to pay for it .
the food is ok , but nowhere near the premium you have to pay .
on top of that , they commit a barbeque atrocity : a single bbq sauce .
with so many tastes for bbq out there , every barbeque place knows that you need a couple of options , even if you have an award winning sauce .
on the redeeming side , the mac and cheese was really good ...

-1
i feel the need to explain my 2-star rating , because i come here with regularity .
every so often i just jones for an emerald chicken quesadilla , smothered in their salsa .
the service is hit & miss .
there is one particular employee who is awful , the rest are okay - very friendly .
but communication is not their strong suit .
for example , one day i tried to order a rice bowl with a quesadilla .
they did not tell me that i ca n't have a quesadilla with a rice bowl , so i ended up with emerald chicken over rice - no quesadilla .
no warning , or i 'd have changed my order .
they also refused to fix my existing order , they told me i 'd have to put in a new order for a quesadilla - no refund on the rice bowl i did n't want .
just today , i put in a to-go order and came home to find they put something ... not emerald chicken , i do n't know what it is - in my quesadilla .
in their defense , they were busy , and i 'm sure it 's hard to tell what 's in a quesadilla .
just disappointing when literally , that is the only reason i go there .
many people seem to love their fried rice - i do n't think it 's anything special .
likewise with the beans - they are good , not spectacular .
i love the jade red chicken and the diablo chicken .
the pork tends to be too fatty for my tastes .
the cookies are okay .
the salsa is something special ( do n't miss it - they put it in a big container by the fountain drink dispenser ) , i love it and if they sold it in jars i 'd probably buy it .
the good news is that i did find the emerald chicken recipe online http : //www.foodieslikeusblog.com/recipes/guy-fieri-dishes-on-tattoos-foodies-and-changing-lives/ ( allll the way at the bottom ) and i 've made it - it really does replicate it well !
the bad news is that 80 % of the time i 'm too lazy to make it myself ... so back to chino bandido i go .
ps - every so often ... they run out of chicken .
really , it 's the weirdest thing to me .
how does a restaurant run out of chicken ?
but it 's happened 3 times to me here .
since i go there for the chicken dishes , i just leave when that happens .
pps - i really hope the chino staff does n't see my review and muck with my food next time i go ... i need a yelp alias .

-1
we had just played a show down the road at phix for the 1st annual grand avenue festival .
this is a festival organized by the businesses on grand avenue .
the paisley violin is one of those businesses .
that said , we came in and struggled to find a seat for the six of us .
several 2 or 3 people groups at 6 people tables .
so we all squeeze onto one round table meant for 4 at the most .
strike one - wait staff should shepherd small groups to small tables .
our waitress finds us after a 5 minute wait and takes our beer order .
many of us order the same beer .
one person orders a very common mixed drink comprised of cola and whiskey .
the waitress has no clue what it is - replying with `` what 's that ? ``
.
funny , but a bit of a clue about how our epic 2.5 hour dinner will go .
a larger table freed up , so we took it .
i guess wait staff hate cleaning tables that have people on them , cause she left a big pile of crumbs laying for us to snack on .
the next round of drinks , they were out of our new favorite beer because they must have a small fridge , so some of us walk outside to look at the beer list , since the waitress does n't know them .
those who walked outside got their drinks ordered .
10-15min later , a new waitress asks us if she can get us something .
yes !
the music was nice , and the musicians were very courteous and concerned with the volume - our band could take notes on that .
i ordered the gyro .
i 've had about 20 different gyro 's in my life .
this was more like a salad burying a couple very thin slices of meat .
i 'm not a meat maniac , but they sure did skimp for some reason .
this new concept of saladwich was good , but not really what i ordered .
also got the seafood chipotle soup which was interesting and tasty .
they must have been out of beer , because they did n't come by for any more drink orders .
hopefully the owners of this place will learn to stock up on wait staff and beer for special events .
another review said that the waitress had been on for 12 hours .
she was somewhat incompetent , but i fault the owner/manager for lack of preparedness .

-1
yes ... i went to popeye 's for dinner tonight .
i had a craving for popcorn shrimp and it was the closest thing to satisfy my hunger .
is it just me or are their portions shrinking ?
my popcorn shrimp was good and finger-lickin ' greasy like i expected , but i could have eaten 3 times the amount !
i guess that explains why they do n't have a kid 's menu and my boyfriend 's son could n't get a damn toy !
they have obviously melded the two menus together and now i get to pay $ 6.95 for a combo that is kid-sized .

-1
they changed the menu since i was here last .
the phad thai was not as good as i remember .
my mom ordered the eggplant with chicken , it was okay , she said she would not order it again .
my husband ordered the beef green curry extra `` thai hot `` .
it was very hot , however they skimped on the amount of beef in the dish .
it should be called a vegetable green curry with a beef garnish .
there were only two servers for the whole dining area , they were overwhelmed due to a large group of 15 people , the service was slower than usual .
the place is cheap and clean .
i 'd recommend the satay chicken for an appetizer .
overall it 's an okay place ... it 's the thai food restaurant in sun city .
i 'd miss the old line thai , maybe they got a new cook ?

-1
been to this mcd 's a few times since it 's in my neighborhood .
it 's new and clean so i like that but the food is prepared rather inconsistently .
sometimes , cold sometimes perfect , sometimes overcooked .
just this morning , i ordered two egg mcmuffins and on both of them the muffin was burnt .
i took a picture , it was really bad .
makes me wonder who is doing any quality control over there .
it 's so unpredictable , i wo n't go there anymore .
: (

-1
in the past few months , maybe since september 2012 , this place has gone downhill .
the quality of dishes served on the lunch buffet is not the same as it once was .
because i always make it a point to eat here during lunch this is a huge issue .
the difference has been noticed by several people that i dine here with who now refuse to eat here anymore .
the first time i noticed it i thought maybe they were just having an off day .
i came in for lunch 3 more times over the past few months with other people because we were in the area but it was unmistakable , the food here is not nearly as good as it used to be .
i noticed that there is one gentleman that always worked here that is no longer here and i suspect this has something to do with the change .
i truly hope the food gets better , but i wo n't be back in to find out any time soon with so many other options nearby .

-1
2 stars - i 've experienced better , many times .
anyone who reads my reviews may come to the conclusion that i eat out just so i can write bad reviews .
i assure you this is not the case .
i always want to be wowed when i go to a restaurant .
nothing is more of a let down than mediocrity during the sacred dining hour .
in a nutshell , it 's a neat little place and our service was very good .
nothing was horrible .
appetizer was quite tasty , but the pita was flimsy and had no taste to it .
entree was ok , but the little bubble gum size , chewy chicken is disgraceful .
not appetizing at all , pushed it all to the side .
arabic ( or turkish ) coffee was good , but done too quickly .
it 's supposed to slowly rise to the top 3 times before being served .
i know , you 're busy and it 's a pain in the ass , but that 's how it 's done , and tastes much better when cooked properly .
also should have had more cardamom and sugar , but that 's probably just my personal taste .

-1
lots of glitz and glam , little to back it up .
food was meh ... really expensive too .
margs were good but i can get the same for cheaper .
my friend got sick from the food she ate ... not impressed ... never went back .
nuff said

-1
what ? ? ?
35 bones for lunch for 2 ? ? ?
wtf ?
if it was quality ` cue , i might give them props , but - the briscuit had the consistency of warm rubber ( no render here ) and the pulled pork had very little smoke and a tad on the dry side .
the one redeeming part of tne meal was the mac n cheese - which was a `` 11 `` !
but not good enough to elevate its total status ...

-1
decided to give psc a shot by buying a groupon and my opinion of it can be summed up with a `` meh `` .
i have n't had a lot of cheesesteaks in my life , and even fewer in phoenix but i would expect it to be with some moist steak slices , lots of provolone cheese and onions and green peppers .
a nice hardy meal in sum ... not here .
to make matters worse i thought i 'd try to the groupon sooner than later ( i was kind of craving a cheesesteak ) and made my way there on a saturday .
somehow , and i felt worse for the 2-3 staff members , the ac was out .
it was like a sauna in there .
i will discount that fact but it did n't give me a favorable impression .
bottom line is i would probably not go because the cheesesteak i had was just average .
should have tried the wiz wit but that did n't sound too appetizing .
probably a great place , as it seems , to grab a bite after clubbing though .

-1
staff was not very friendly .
they need to change the name as it is not just a gyro place , they serve hot dogs and hamburgers and the fries were terrible .
nothing fancy about them like the other gyros places i have been too .
once you got your food and if there was no one else the staff all disappeared .
will not be returning .
the food was just okay nothing that makes you go wow .

-1
meh .
it could have been a lot better .
way too many sale associates for the amount of employees doing custom fittings .
many store associates just walking around instead of helping other consumers in the store .

-1
we 've been going to fajitas since they opened , the food is good .
as long as you set at the bar the service is always pretty good , in the restaurant most of the time the service is good .
the tile at the bar is the same tile when they opened in 1986 , and its starting to look pretty gross .
tile missing , grout is dirty its starting to look pretty shabby even though a employee thinks it looks great and original .
no tv 's this is the biggest downfall to us , next to the shabby dirty grout and missing tiles around the whole bar , both ends .
the gm feels that tv 's take away from the looks and feel of the restaurant , but its not just a restaurant they do have a bar .
and the bar is not all that busy anymore , absolutely no advertising stating they have monday-friday happy hour other than inside at the bar , nothing outside .
i 'm sorry but at this point every restaurant/bar we 've been to including denny 's and country boys has tv 's .
even the ritz carlton in maui has 4 - 42 `` lcd 's in the main bar/lounge including every bar and lounge on the property ( 4 ) everyone of them had tv 's , this is the only restaurant/bar we have been to that does not have any tv 's , and we go out every evening 7 days a week to a different restaurant/bar , everyone of them has several tv 's .
we was asked a while back where have we been , we have n't been in for a while ?
our response was where the tv 's are which was the truth .

-1
based on one slightly unfair visit due to an unruly 3yr old demanding ice cream .
i ordered ` two of those on the picture out the front ' , meaning the scrumptious looking specimens on the boards before you enter .
unfortunately , the cashier did n't quite know what i meant - my own fault for not being specific i guess ... .
but then what was served-up were two plops of ` frozen ' custard ( strawberry and chocolate ) - there were supposed to be m & m 's in both , but we ended up with double in the chocolate - with that much in the pot , it was inedible ( nearly broke a tooth ) , whilst the strawberry version was a tasteless mess .
i did n't have time to have a famous burger , and the frozen custard was not really what i was expecting ... decor was nice for a chain , sport on the tv was a plus .
maybe next time i 'll have more time to sample other stuff , and will change the scoring appropriately .

-1
down we go as i tried the turkey .
ya know those jenno o turkey breasts you always see in the store ?
- well it appears dickey 's bought a bunch of them and put them in the smoker and then charged us $ 5.50 for a large sandwich .
the turkey is not good breast meat , it tastes more of gelatin you find in the jenni o world .
bbq sauces all all watery now , saw some forms of fly hovering near the dirty meat cutting area as well .
the pickles are good though and you can stock up on fake plastic silverware on the to-go orders .
i will only visit a dickey 's in the south from now on - that chain food just seems to always taste better in bbq country .

-1
they should n't be proud to call themselves asian cuisine ... really .
the food 's a far cry from anything remotely asian and i include panda express and fast food chinese chains into this equation .
i should 've known better by the food displays , but i did n't think what i was ordering was on display .
i ordered the garlic chicken w/white rice .
grilled slices of white meat chicken on top of some rice w/a bland , gross ` teriyaki ' sauce on top .
the meat had no flavor , the teriyaki tasted like nothing at all .
.
it was a bowl of different textured tasteless solids for $ 8 .
resembling flame broiler but nowhere near the taste of it .
the decor in the restaurant was really nice and attractive , i give them an extra star for that .
.
but to be honest , if they had that much money to burn on decor , they could 've used it to provide better quality food .
.

-1
great spot .
bad service and cold food even after asking if they could please reheat 3 of the 4 meals that were served to our party of 4 .
as we were walking out i thought the management would appreciate discussing my concern but the management apparently was n't concerned enough to visit with me .
when you pay for quality service and food you should get it .

-1
this place did not amaze me , i grew up eating mexican food on mission street in san francisco so that may be where my bias comes from .
i got a carnitas burrito , large drink and a carne asada quesadila and it came out to around $ 15 .
the quality of the meat was ok but the `` guacamole `` was a light green soup .
this was a major turn off because the fat in real avocados blends with the saltiness of the meat to create a nice balance in most mexican dishes .
i would not recommend this place to anyone , while not terrible it is certainly not amazing .

-1
i had a handtossed pepperoni pizza which was great but the bone less chicken was pathetic 8 dry tiny pieces in a big ass box 15 $ for both now thats rediculous u do n't think i will get any chicken again !

-1
it 's just so ... big .
and most of what 's in here is not even food !
and all i wanted was some apples and eggs .
i had to walk a mile to get back to the eggs .
and no free range selection ?
the apples were all stacked beautifully , but maybe that 's why they were all like $ 1.49 / lb .
i know this is one of the most popular grocery stores , but i also see why most people eat so poorly if this is what 's put in front of them .
the store was clean and neat though .

-1
it was rather slow for a friday and i thought i would order the turkey and cranberry sandwich with a drink .
the only thing good from my purchase was the cookie and the drink .
for not having such a long line that they normally have they should have been able to put a little more love into making my sandwich .
the girl went overboard with the cranberry spread and when i took the toothpick from my sandwich it broke so i am not sure if i ate some wood chips ... lol , on top of that i had cranberry all over the place i was better off just getting a cranberry sandwich cause there was hardly any turkey .
for a place that charges 7 dollars a sandwich they should make it look like it is worth 7 dollars .
if i want a messy sandwich i will go and get myself a 5 dollar footlong .

-1
so this is 2 star reviewed for the second time in a row .
we had a former arizonan in town for the week and she really wanted to go to the old town tortilla factory so we headed there after a hike up piestewa .
i ca n't figure out why my first experience here was so good , but so bad since then .
tonight , our service was well below mediocre .
we had to wait , and wait , and wait for everything ... menu 's , the tortilla 's , our food , our drinks , our water , the check , etc . .
my wife 's salad had cold , overcooked shrimp .
our other dinner guest ate only half his carne dish .
he even commented that while the margarita 's were good , if they put any alcohol in them .
i love the patio here .
i think it 's so charming .
but 2 times in a row of sub par service and lackluster food pretty much does it for me .

-1
pros : free wifi , lot 's of outlets and seating cons : pretentious , does n't seem to be community friendly , not very welcoming my experience began when the owner gave me a funny look for wanting flavor in my coffee .
i later overheard him telling a customer that a flavor masks the true taste of coffee .
seemed a little pretentious to me .
the shop , while very large with lot 's of seating , is n't very warm and inviting - both in terms of service and decor .
i felt like i had overstayed my welcome after working in the shop for a few hours ( after buying food and coffee of course ) .
the shop owner also was also kind of putting down mac owners right in front of me , as i was working on my mac .
i asked if they had a place where community groups could put up posters about events , and was pretty instantly shot down .
i can understand not wanting to advertise all over your shop for other businesses , but to me it kind of goes against the grain of a local coffee shops to not support the community - i 've seen more local flourish at a starbucks .
my advice - this is a fine place to get some coffee and get some work done .
but personally , i would definitely look for another coffee shop before coming back here .

-1
sometimes you get the uncomfortable feeling in not being welcome there in some parts of the staff is a little bit rude , i i guess you could make the best of it if it was the only place to go , but its not .

-1
not for picky eaters !
im one , ill admit .
everybody seems to love this place but i cant figure out why .
we went with another couple who raved about it .
i wasnt impressed with the menu -- it was certainly interesting and different , but nothing amazing .
it was okay , but i probably wont go back unless a group is going and i dont have a choice .
i dont what all the fuss is about .

-1
perhaps a 2.75 , i felt the food was in imaginative , the menu was small , and the service was slow .
i love all mexican food , but this just felt like it fell short

-1
we all had the same size sub but the one i had was teeny tiny .
ingredients were sparse and the staff was stressed and got mad at another patron in front of me .
not my fave place .

-1
we placed a take out order for 2 chicken parmigiana dinners and a greek salad .
the chicken parmigiana barely contained any chicken which was sliced .
it looked more like we ordered pasta with marinara where they accidentally dropped a couple pieces of chicken in it .
it was totally not worth the money .
the chicken had a wang to it and we suspected it was the breading .
sure if you want a big bowl of penne pasta with marinara and mozzarella cheese then definitely order this dish .
do n't expect to have any chicken with your chicken parm dinner .
the greek salad was some lettuce out of a bag .
they added a few olives , cucumbers and gorgonzola cheese with dressing on the side .
all and all we should have picked up a couple swanson dinners with a bag of lettuce at walmart and we would have had the same dinner or better .

-1
this is a dive located in a strip mall .
there were two of us , so we decided to split the `` healthy eater `` ( two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes ) .
it came with injera .
we ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes .
injera was good , nothing special .
the chicken was very dry .
the waiter said they were out of three popular items ( lamb shank , a chicken dish and a beef dish ) .
we received the cabbage , but our mushrooms did not arrive .
instead , we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so .
i asked if he could bring us the mushrooms .
instead , he brought the check which was discounted .
i think there was a language miscommunication .
oh well .
food was ok .
i probably wo n't eat here again , unfortunately .

-1
given previous reviews posted on yelp for this place , i was very disappointed with the actual service .
i went there for pedicure with my friend .
it took less than 15 minutes for both of us to get the pedicure done , with less than 30 sec for the foot scrub .
toe nail was cut uneven .
i understand that this is not very upscale place , but the acetone odor was very bad , and i got a headache during the 20 minutes that we spent there .
sorry , but this place is not worth coming there .

-1
t-mobile lost a loyal customer of 5 + years .
they refused to work with me while i was struggling during the recession .
i told them this is how you treat a loyal customer ?
they said ( my situation ) was based on policy .
i told them to cancel my account and four lines and they would never see their eft fees at least in my life time .
no wonder t-mobile is struggling they do n't know how to keep loyal customers happy and customers .
t-mobile , meh .
i 've experienced better .

-1
i feel like i 'm in the minority , but i was n't really wowed by this place .
a small group of coworkers wanted mexican for dinner , this was near our office so here we went .
you have to valet your car which is kind of annoying , but the guys were nice and the inside where the restaurant is pretty impressive decor wise , so i was in a good mood .
once our group trickled in , we ordered some drinks and i used my check-in deal to get free chips & guac for the table .
i had the pineapple margarita which was delicious , but a little on the small side , the rest of the tables got different types of margaritas and all seemed to enjoy them .
the waiter came out and explained that it 's a tapas style restaurant ( probably would n't have picked this place had i known that , $ 8-14 / plate is pretty steep imho ) and so we all decided on what we would order .
if i remember correctly , we had the tacos de mahi mahi - did n't try these , but heard they were good .
tacos de camarones - did n't try , no complaints tacos de pollo - i enjoyed these , though i wish the tortillas were a little bigger for all of the things they cram onto them tamale - i really liked this .
has a bit of a kick to it pollo ahumado a la yucateco - alright .
i 'm not a fan of sweet poultry i guess , but everyone else liked it .
chips & salsa - very good about halfway through i ordered a michelada .
due to my ignorance and the misleading description on the menu ( modelo especial , lime , spices , salt ) , i did n't know i was ordering the grossest drink in the world .
my fault , and i just drank the rest of the modelo out of the bottle , but i was surprised no one asked me about it .
there was also a fly in it , but as i was with coworkers i did n't want to cause a scene over it ( my fault , lesson learned ) .
another slightly annoying thing is that the glass windows on the side of the building slide open ( which is actually pretty cool ) , but the one or two times they did this to get out to the patio they let flies in , which were buzzing around our table nonstop .
the servers saw us batting them away but no one offered a slight `` sorry about that `` .
all in all , 5 dishes and 7 drinks ran us about $ 150 .
if these were main dishes , i 'd be indifferent , but for the value of what you pay for vs. what you get , i ca n't recommend distrito .

-1
was there last wed 3ish liked the valet parking but when we got to the hostess she said she will text us when table is ready , `` around 20 minutes `` so i grabbed a beer at the bar , took a long time to get their attention .
ordered a martini for my wife and the bartender made it terribly !
i played a game of ping - pong ... cool !
then did n't get the text our table was ready , ( my fault ) 5 minutes late on getting to the hostess .
she said we now have to wait 20 more minutes for a table .
she argued with me for a minute or 2 until wifey got pissed then we left .
i would love to have tried the food there but bad service ruined it for us !
they have a great patio area though !

-1
had dinner here while staying at the jw marriott .
service was very friendly , but a bit slow .
food was decent , but portions were small .
decor is very nice , but i think there must be better options in the phoenix metro area or even near the hotel .
do n't think i would have dinner here again .

-1
same as flo 's , really overpriced and either over-picked or i hit it at the totally wrong time which was saturday afternoon .
it was nice and clean i 'll say that for it , but just did n't have much to get excited about except the high prices and that was n't exactly what i was looking for in a thrift shop -- even if they spell it shoppe ... so ... well , classy do n'tcha think ?
by the way , over 30 years junking and thrifting makes me somewhat of a pro i 'd say .

-1
einstein bros. , i want to love you ... i really do ... you are making it soooo damn hard .
i have to interject here that , like the review before me , this applies to one location only ( mostly ) .
you 're convenient , really close to home and the coffee is really good .
the bagels are good .
.
they really are .
so why do you have to cheap out on the amount of ingredients in the sandwiches ?
are you not making enough profit ? ? ?
come on , now ... i kinda stopped coming here a while ago because at $ 5.49 for a nova lox and bagel i kind of want to at least have the bagel moistened with cream cheese and have a couple more chips of lox on there with the 3 or 4 capers that garnish it .
ok , i might be over exaggerating a bit , but really , they go rather thin at this location .
so i stopped coming here and would go to desert ridge to get my occasional fix .
fast forward to present .
got a bunch of coupons in the newspaper and decided to give it a second chance , so have come here 3 times in the past week .
here are my experiences ( note that experience # 1 is going to be corporate , across the board and has nothing to do with quantity and everything to do with design and marketing ) : 1 .
came in with coupon for new bagel poppers and coffee to enjoy on business road trip to sedona .
poppers are featured in a cup with a lid leading one to believe they are an easy to eat finger food .
don `` t be fooled !
the cream cheese poppers have a coating on them so slick that when you grab one between two fingers in explodes from your hand and projectiles into your windshield where it sticks and slowly slides off .
ok , not really , but seriously , i could n't get them out of the cup , they kept slipping out of my fingers .
i bought their self named car cup to only find out that it did n't fit in my cup holder and the first gentle turn i made out of the mall had the cup in my lap and me dancing in a seat of hot coffee .
add to that the aggravation that the guy taking the order was n't sure how to ring it up because i got the car cup and ... # 2 this actually went ok .
second coupon and things went smoothly , coffee good , bagel fresh and while cream cheese was a little thinner than what i like was adequate .
# 3 now today ... ohhhh , today .
i was ravenous ... ate too lightly for dinner last night and did n't make it out of the house for breakfast until almost 10am .
so , today 's coupon is buy one bagel , get one free .
never thought about how much that schmear of cream cheese was until i had to actually look at the menu ... $ 1.50 , ok , times two bagels , 3 bucks , well , ok .
asked to have my two bagels toasted with cream cheese .
first they come to me and inform me that they were out of one of my bagels .
ok .
then , when my order is called up the guy doing so makes fun of my name ( my nickname is ` cia , most think it very pretty , but it kind of loses its charm when the guy behind the counter yells out `` cia !
-lsb- snicker -rsb- c-i-a ! )
.
went to pick up the bagels and the cream cheese was scraped on sooo thin it was almost none existent .
complained ... got a dirty look from the guy that spelled my name and the guy that took my order `` informed `` me that if i wanted it thicker i needed to ask for `` heavy `` when i placed my order ... yeah , dude , uhhhm , i just wanted to actually be able to see the cream cheese on the bagel before i ate it .
and the punchline ?
get back to my table and it turns out one of the bagels was n't even toasted .
einstein 's ... is it so hard to get it right ?
one out of three experiences in a week 's time acceptable is , well , kind of unacceptable .

-1
i expected better .
when i first heard of sen 's concept ... asian fusion tapas ... i was really excited .
it turned out to be nothing more than mediocre mixed asian dishes in tiny portions .
the soup gyoza is equivalent to something i can buy at lee lee 's .
the ginger mint duck salad was not very memorable .
they flavors did n't come together and i did n't like the way they cooked the duck .
there were a few dishes i thought were pretty good .
go for the lemongrass clams and the volcano flamed is fun to eat ( cooked on hot stone ) .
conclusion - do n't come if you expect great food .
not worth the high price they are charging .
come for the hip ambiance , live dj , and specialty sake cocktails with friends .

-1
rollerz is one of those restaurants that i know is a chain , but i 've never seen another one except in tempe .
the idea behind it is to take american-style sandwiches and serve them as tortilla wraps , cold or grilled .
in addition , they have healthier alternatives to most fast-food places with soups , salads , and smoothies .
i do n't know how truly healthy all these offerings are as the smoothies taste pretty thick to me , and my grilled santa fe roller was covered in cheese .
it was n't bad , but as one might expect , the food here does taste manufactured as opposed to cooked .
it 's fairly bland , heavy on the cheese and sauce .
forgetting about the food , the smoothies may not be as healthy as jamba juice 's , but they do taste good on a hot summer 's day shopping on mill .
this small location only has a few seats , but it never appears to be crowded .
i guess that may be why i 've come in a couple times to find no one behind the counter .
after waiting a while , i would just leave .

-1
technically speaking , this restaurant has everything a good restaurant in north scottsdale should have : nice decor and ambiance , intriguing menu with lots to try , live music , and a good location .
after reading some stellar four and five star reviews on yelp , we were pretty excited to try it out for dinner , however we found ourselves leaving sorely disappointed with both the food and the service .
mistake # 1 : not a big crowd on a friday night .
granted we did arrive a little later than the normal dinner crowd ( 8ish ) , but there were very few people eating here which was a little disconcerting .
mistake # 2 : had to wait over half an hour just to order , even though the place was empty .
our waiter apparently decided to go on a smoke break ( and we 're not talking cigarettes here people ) right when we sat down .
this left me no option but to go to the front and ask the girls why we were n't being served .
they apologized profusely and got our waiter out to our table in a few minutes .
mistake # 3 : the food was not that great .
we ordered two small pizzas , two appetizers ( baby back ribs and stuffed bell pepper ) and pork tenderloin cooked to medium .
the pizza 's both were cold and tasted like cardboard and the pork tenderloin was a little on the tough side , definitely not cooked medium .
the appetizers were okay , but for all the food that we got , we both left ready to snack when we got home since we did n't finish our less than spectacular meal .
i will say that the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was pleasant , but those are about the only redeeming qualities i can find in this restaurant .
we will surely not go back to javino 's for the simple fact that there are an abundance of restaurants in scottsdale alone that offer the whole package in the dining experience without compromising the service or the quality of food .
nice try though ... 2.5 / 5 .

-1
the gf and i have heard so many good things about binkley 's over the years from people that we know that have dined there and from reading reviews online .
we finally decided that we had to try it to see how it stacked up against kai , which is our favorite restaurant in the phx area .
i made reservations for friday night of memorial day weekend a little over a week in advance .
since binkley 's is about 35 miles from the neighborhood that we both live in , we decided to make a weekend of it and stay at the boulders .
the week leading up to the meal , we were both so excited that we both joked that we were getting very little work done due to the anticipation of the amazing meal we were going to have on friday night .
friday finally came and we arrived right on time for our 7p reservation .
we were promptly greeted by the hostess and promptly seated at the absolute worst table in the house .
it was in the bar area , right next to the front door .
the most insulting part of it was the hostess tried to tell us what an amazing table it was because the vases of flowers that separated our table from the front door were so pretty .
in the grand scheme of things , not a big deal if you wow us with the food .
after all , we knew from many reviews that atmosphere is not the strong selling point of the restaurant .
after we were seated , we waited for a good 15 minutes before being greeted by a server .
this is one of my pet peeves in a fine dining establishment .
i like to be greeted promptly by the server and offered a cocktail so i can enjoy a drink while reviewing the menu .
once we were finally greeted we ordered cocktails and enjoyed them when they were finally served .
being that this was our first binkley 's experience , we both decided that we would go `` whole hog `` and order the 6 course tasting menu with the $ 50/ea wine pairing .
as has been mentioned in may other reviews online , a meal at binkley 's consists of a long parade of amuses .
sadly , in a meal of more misses than hits , the amuses provided more of the hits .
the big hit of the night was the summer truffle grits that the gf ordered as her hot appetizer .
both of us agreed that these were amazing .
unfortunately , most everything else was relatively forgettable ( her halibut fish course was absolutely boring ) .
my quail meat course was quite good , but not something that i would drive 35 miles to experience again .
throughout the night , the service and the pacing was uneven .
sometimes there was a very lengthy time between courses while other courses were brought to quickly .
while our main server was perfectly friendly , she lacked fine dining polish and disappeared for long periods of time ( especially when it was time for the check ! )
several times over the course of the evening .
as for the wine pairings , those were also hits and misses .
the pourings themselves were quite anemic and with long times between courses , there were several times that i had finished my pour before the course even arrived .
for a total of $ 100 between the two of us , i felt the wine was a weak spot in the evening .
the most entertaining part of the meal was the gordon ramsay-esque , f-bomb laced tirade that chef binkley went on at some point during the meal .
apparently his kitchen staff was n't doing things his way and he was letting them know .
quite comical , although a little uncomfortable to other diners around as we could clearly hear every word that he screamed at his staff .
when all was said and done , we spent a little over $ 400 with tip for dinner .
while it certainly was n't the worst meal of either of our lives , we both agreed that it did n't even come near cracking the top 20 .
we were both glad that we dined at binkley 's to have the firsthand experience , but we both left feeling that it was overrated .
perhaps they were having an off night , maybe it has slipped over the years , or maybe it 's just a victim of being over-hyped .
whatever the case , i do n't think we will be dining at binkley 's in the future .

-1
i guess we had been `` built-up `` too much for this new restaurant on greenfield in mesa .
there was tons of teenage help , but the service was slow for as many staff as they had .
my son wanted something else after he tried the pot roast sandwich , but when he ordered , it was wrong twice .
i had to go up and find a `` manager `` who looked to be at least one year older than the rest to try and straighten it out .
it took some time to get it right , but finally they wrapped their heads around it .
a large amount of grab-ass was going on between the girls and boys and the young man handling our food kept throwing it in the window and then retrieving it again , just to give it a harder toss to see if he could get the lid of the contained to pop open ? ? ?
if you do n't expect much , you probably wo n't be disappointed .
very standard fast food and service .
the sides on my 2 pc cod dinner were cold and not appealing at all .
we did n't get ice cream , but hear that it is good .
maybe next time .

-1
grand lux cafe comes off as pretentious .
it does n't have the food or service to back it up .
my omelet was a disaster .
egg beaters ! ! ! !
come on ! ! !
my guest ordered the breakfast sandwich .
our waiter did not write the order down and it came out wrong .
pretty atmosphere .
nice high ceilings .
guess what ?
i am not going back .
even for the atmosphere .

-1
oh the new lows we have reached .
i thought the grand slam would have atleast rewarded us after we waited 15 min .
to get the attention of the waitress .
looks like she could have had better days .
i think she covered 15 tables at once , poor old woman looks like she should be retiring and getting rid of that nasty sunburn , not serving bacon and eggs .
the glasses of water we got ( which had a funny taste ) , looked like they had boogers on it .
i am amazed we did n't dash out the door that instant .
i guess you can call us brave .
the ` grandslam ' is n't so ` grand ' .
atleast , not like it used to be .
now i know why they only charged a couple bucks for it , because if you combined it together , it 'd be the size of my palm .
mmmm , nothing like soggy hashbrowns , sausages that screamed mystery meat , and chairs with rips and holes for decor .
urgh .
.
i 'm acting feeling itchy from thinking about it .
.

-1
i loved their ham sandwich and their pepper chips rock .
but then i found out the ham sandwich with a thick cut of ham was only a limited time sandwich so its no longer available .
what a bummer .
i was going to start making this my regular lunch time pickup place .
maybe they 'll decide to make limited sandwiches more permanent .

-1
i wanted to take my boyfriend to a teppanyaki restaurant since he had never been to one before .
this being the closest to us we decided to go here sunday for our anniversary .
it was ok .
the chef we had was n't very entertaining , he did n't do the egg trick , and his onion volcano was lacking any resemblance to a volcano .
maybe i was just expecting too much .
having been to a couple teppanyaki places before and loved the whole experience .
the food was good but i 'd definitely recommend another place for the future .

-1
i 've been to ultra star a number of times and have been underwhelmed each visit .
the one plus to this theater is that it 's within walking distance of my house .
it 's not my favorite theater but we 've kept going back from time to time simply due to its location -- not because we like it .
for a newer theater , it 's kind of dumpy .
the lobby is too small and crammed with stuff for functionality .
the carpet looks old and trampled and kind of old-school versus the competitor theaters .
bathrooms are just kind of bleh and most of the time , not terribly clean .
if you go to the first show of the day , expect that the theater will not open until 15 minutes before said showing starts .
sure , it 's $ 5.50 for the first show , but the staff is so freaking slow , you 've missed all the previews and often times , at least the first 5 minutes of the movie too !
concessions are ridiculously overpriced .
this chain is a california-based chain and they charge california prices for their concessions .
they offer no frequent movie-goer discounts or bonuses at all .
and again , the staff is so freaking slow for really no good reason .
at least the popcorn is fresh tasting .
ultra star is also pretty darn stingy with what it will donate to local non profits as well which for me is a downer .
all in all , i do n't see this place open in another 5 years .
the theater is never packed and again , with california prices but located in surprise bordering el mirage ... i just do n't see it surviving much longer .
and when i have the choice , i drive to the competitors 90 % of the time .

-1
not impressed with the service or the food .
too many choices in town that are less expensive

-1
to be honest , every time i come here i end up unsatisfied .
their prices are extremely high , and although their nail techs are qualified , they never seem to do what i ask them to do .
whenever i get my nails done i always do gel mani and gel pedi together .
at most places i go , i get charged $ 60 for both .
here i get charged $ 80 .
the water for the feet soaks is below room temp - so , pretty much cold .
my nailbeds always have cuticles remaining as i leave , and ( in the case of the last time i was here ) the polish did n't even go down to where my nail actually starts .
i have pictures ( taken less than 24hrs from when i was in the salon ) posted .
extremely dissatisfied .
the only reason i come here is for convenience of location .
otherwise , my recommendation would be to stay away if you want to get a good manicure and not pay an arm and a leg for it .

-1
dissapointing .
i made the trip out to pacific seafood buffet for crablegs on the recommendation of some other yelpers and was really let down .
the seafood selection was mostly fried or drenched in butter - even things i had never seen cooked that way at all like the crawfish .
one type of crab was deep fried ( which does not do justice to crab - just turns the meat into sawdust ! )
when the steamed snow crab legs finally came out , they doled out just a few which the other patrons descended on and exhausted immediately .
the boiled crab legs were not fresh - the crab meat was mushy and the shells would not break in half easily because they had been steamed for too long .
the upside : some decent surprises in the dim sum and korean barbecue section - good dumplings and spare ribs .
the frog legs and pineapple sticky rice were also tasty .
skip the sushi bar though .
this place is ok as an asian buffet but disappoints for seafood .
if you do n't live close skip the long drive .

-1
was not impressed with the food or beverages .
to start with i had two draft beers , both were flat and had no lacing in the the glass ( dirty glassware ) .
it was sunday so i went with the chicken and waffles which was highly suggested by the server .
wheat waffles does not make any since to me , if someone orders waffles they are not concerned about eating healthy for that day , the waffles were flabby and not crisp and the chicken was made to be more of an art piece .
every kitchen has it bad days the at least they are not defacing good quality craft beer with dirty beer lines and glasses .

-1
while the pizza was very good , the service and appetizers left something to be desired .
the bruschetta we ordered was quite the surprise when it showed up doused in balsamic vinegar ... not a big deal to some , but we dislike balsamic and when the menu actually lists all of the ingredients for the bruschetta and balsamic vinegar was not included one would think that balsamic would not be on it .
our waiter was clearly overwhelmed ( he let us know on several occasions that it was a bad day and he had a bad table on the other side of the restaurant ) and we went almost the whole meal without a refill to our drinks .
also , tonight we ordered garlic knots for carryout and the bottoms on all six were significantly burnt and the tops were more than browned .
they were dry with out the yummy buttery garlic salt knots typically come with .
hopefully mama gina 's will grow into its own as it matures in its time here at the westgate .

-1
husband and i stopped by for lunch one day on a whim .
we were hungry , saw it driving by and popped in .
we were greeted ad soon as we walked in .
never been here before .
first impression , clean , attractive spacious .
plenty of tvs .
set up seems to be comparable to other `` sports bars/eateries . ``
sat in a booth -- comfortable , waitress was polite .
ordered wings and fries , couple of sodas .
it was all ok .
wings were nice and big , decent taste , but not necessarily `` better `` then what we 've had elsewhere .
took awhile to get our orders although it did n't seem overly busy ( we went to late lunch around 1400 , had to flag waitress down for refills . )
food was mediocre , overpriced .
service was mediocre ( slow service , minimal followup ) not impressed , it `` filled the hole . ``
it was n't terrible , but eas n't memorable either .
might try again if in the area to keep it real ... might have been an `` off `` day .
as of now , with so many other good eateries out there , not enough to make us `` crave `` it to come back ...

-1
z pizza you are nothing special .
rubbery salty crust .
your whole pizza is merely so so and your slices border on abysmal .
staff did n't seem to care if i was there or not .
the owner was there and that was more important than my late lunch order .
ok you 're organic .
guess what ?
i do n't care .
when i want pizza i do n't want to feel like i am making a healthy compromise .
i only want something tasty and unhealthy .
that 's why i 'm eating pizza instead of a salad .
ok you have gluten free options .
the only thing sadder than that is a fat kid with no money staring at a bakery counter .
i do n't buy your hype .
your food is so so at best .
i will continue to order elsewhere .

-1
i used to love honey bears , but in the past 24 months , for some reason , they 've lost their soul .
and that 's bad because this was the only reliable selection of bbq in arizona .
whatever they changed , and i 'm not sure it 's quantifiable , but it needs to change back .
whenever i 'd fly into the phx airport around dinnertime , i 'd bring home some honeybear 's for me and the wife .
the last few times , it 's just been kind of `` meh `` .
i 'm not quite sure what it is , but i need to find a new guilty pleasure , smothered in bbq sauce .

-1
ordered the chicken katsu and it was not fresh .
they had basically taken katsu that had been fried and cut up and re-fried it and yes , it was nasty and nothing like what chicken katsu is when it is done fresh .
i wish they would just put `` re-fried `` chicken katsu on the board and i would have known not to order it .
in addition , i thought it would come with some sort of veggie , even sliced cabbage but it was katsu and rice .
i will say the katsu sauce is excellent but not good enough to try the katsu again .
i will try the yakisoba if i go back again , and may raise the review but not cool to what they did with the chicken katsu so i 'm a little disappointed in the establishment .
bottom line , if you want to order the chicken katsu , ask them if it will be fresh made , not katsu that is sliced and the re-fried .

-1
ok , so i 've only been there when i 'm hammered .
so sue me .
when i have gone to joe 's , it is very late night as the various clubs near shoeman/scottsdale begin to wind down , and this place has a huge line out the door every time .
the pizza , which is sold by the huge slice , is simply acceptable - not special , not delectable , not even excellent ... just acceptable .
for me , pizza starts with a great cheese , and the cheese here just seems so ... .bashas-like and ordinary , without that quality mouthfeel you get from cheese at places like street of new york .
of course , when you 're binging after six drinks , `` acceptable `` has a funny way of becoming `` i must have it right now . ``
so i 'm sure i 'll go there in the future , but my expectations will be well calibrated -- this is drinking food , placed smack dab in a location that caters directly to people that have been drinking .
buzzed or not , that long line can sure be annoying ...

-1
what do you want when they throw food out for the masses .
had a lot of everything and when we were leaving , we saw a rainbow in the distance along with angels singing .
wait a minute , that 's my stomach making that noise .
i 'll go back and strap the feedbag on the next time i come to town .

-1
review disclaimer : i have not tried their pizza .
allrighty then ... i 've eaten at la piazza al forno twice now and had a pasta dish both times .
the first time was clams over linguine in a spicy red sauce , the second the chicken pesto lasagna .
big meh .
i 've worked in the glendale area for about 10 years and have seen this location reincarnated a few times , with lpaf as it 's most recent scion .
i 'll have to say it 's probably the best thing that has ever filled said space , but i do n't think it merits the praise it 's been given by the locals , by other yelpers and certainly not that of guy fieri of ddd .
( the restaurant advertises the fact that guy visited them .
with a big vinyl banner outside ... and on their menus .
i totally agree ... this place does not qualify as a diner , a drive in or a dive .
i mean come on , did you see the episiode ?
it looked like guy was faking his food lust for the cameras .
you ca n't fake that !
food is like porn to senior bleach bucket .
seriously . )
anyway , both pasta dishes i had were average .
nothing to write home to mom about .
there service was good at the restaurant and the owner was nice to me .
i just wish the food was better .
again , i have not tried the pizza , so perhaps my two star rating is a bit hasty .
the lasagna feels like a fire roasted brick in my tummy .
i will stick with uncle louie pizza up north .

-1
by far , the worst greek food that i have ever had .
granted my experiences are based mostly in chicago ( as well as greece , nyc , etc . ) but still !
i ordered spicy hummus as an appetizer .
it was neither spicy nor that great of hummus .
it was the second course that made me realize that i was in for a bad meal .
my greek salad was an iceberg lettuce with some feta cheese on top .
it did not taste like a greek salad to me .
my entree , shrimp with vegetable skewers tasted really bland .
i did enjoy sitting al fresco facing the fountain .
it was the best part of the experience .

-1
greek night with friends on the westside .
i had the lamb sowlaki which was ok , i 've had better .
the portions were a good size however not that tasty .
speaking of tasty , the water tasted funny too .
the fried zucchini that we had tasted like it came from the freezer .
and the baklava was probably the worst i have had in arizona .
really soggy and the cinnamon was overwhelming .
staff nice yet did n't seem to care to be there and working .

-1
so this restaurant has received awesome reviews by many .
some even said `` you have to try it before you die `` .
i planned by gf 's bday party here and the pricing was outrageous .
this place is not meant for large parties , anything over 6 people .
first you have to pay for a fee to reserve either the private dining room or the outside patio ; i believe it was between $ 1500 and $ 2000 .
they have a preset menu which you can pick from but it does not compare to getting smaller plates with a smaller party .
you can try more and get food for what you pay for .
my gripe about this place is that the filet was way over cooked .
my entire party of 20 people said the steak was tougher than a polar bear 's toe nail .
also , some of the extra appetizers were very jelloy .
i think this place is worth a try if you 're around the scottsdale area ; however , the hype is way over rated and there are plenty of other restaurants that scottsdale is known for .

-1
i 'm giving it two stars for the customer service , the staff was super friendly .
there 's a fast food mexican restaurant ( with drive thru ) i can get better & cheaper fish tacos from .
the taco was dry and i did n't care for the red sauce on it ( i guess it was salsa ? )
i 'm surprised by all the positive reviews .

-1
this place is a total dump , the dealers are all unfriendly , and it 's laid out like shit .
even the chips are creepy , they have pictures of random people on them .
for this caliber of a casino , they should have some $ 5 blackjack tables on the weekends , but of course they do n't .
they do n't even have back round music playing , not that i like any of the back round music that casinos play , but it makes it kind of awkward without .
do n't waste your time driving all the way out here , it 's definitely not worth it , the 2 stars are because i won $ 100 in 15 minutes on blackjack .

-1
this park is an eye sore inside and out .
i know it 's difficult to have an outdoor park in the middle of an arizona summer , but at least give the fans a beautiful indoor ball park .
you also need to sit in good seats to enjoy the game .
i 've had the luxury of sitting in good seats here , but the whole set up is very confusing .
the games they play between innings are very dumb -- except for the bighead race ( i always root for the big unit because he looks funny ) .
anyway , chase field looks ugly when they decide to open the roof and tilt the sponsorship tiles .
now it looks even worse .
the worst part about this ball park -- the lack of atm machines throughout the ball park , and the people who consciously cut in front of you at the concession booths .
what tools !
it reminds me of why i would bother bringing my own food and cash to at & t park when i lived in sf .
the escalators here are a joke because people do n't know how to walk around here !
people almost got themselves killed on those when i went to the park .
i still really like how well air-conditioned this park is .

-1
i was very unhappy here .
i walked in and was told it was 35 dollars for a mani/pedi ... good deal , i thought ! !
it ended up costing 55 , and the heel of my foot actually hurts a good deal days later ( i am guessing the woman took off some skin with the callous remover treatment .
the pedicure itself was actually a little bit painful , not a relaxing day at the salon .
i will defintely not be back for a visit at this salon ...

-1
no flavor .
paper thin sausage on pizza .
no sauce .
just not worth the 7.50 for lunch .
suggestion .
use more seasoning , sauce etc . .

-1
i have been here a couple times now .
i ca n't say that i have seen problems with service either time i was here .
the atmosphere in here is nice enough .
the workers were all smiles , and moved very quickly to get the orders out .
it was busy , but i was still able to find a seat and eat my lunch .
the problem that i had was with the food itself .
it was n't bad , it was just ... bland ?
i ordered the gyro plate , and it wasnt as good as i had hoped .
i have been to other mediterranean restaurants , and the food seemed to have more flavor to it .
the pita was fine - but the gyro meat was not very seasoned , and the rice was rather plain .
maybe i will go back in a few weeks and give it another shot , just to see if things were off when i went these last few times .
it would be good to have tasty gyros near where i work .

-1
i ca n't believe i paid $ 229 for a room at this place .
the neighborhood is extremely sketchy .
there was a crowd of guys gathered in the parking lot next door - and i do n't think it was a shriner 's convention .
really skeezy diner was located next door .
it is an old hotel - at one point in its history undoubtedly a motel .
the room was in surprisingly good condition considering the age of the property , and for the most part appeared clean .
on the other hand my expectations were so low when i walked in the lobby , that i was just glad there was n't a chalk outline on the floor of my room .
the bathroom was tiny , and the sink was located in the bedroom portion of the `` suite . ``
for an airport-related hotel , it was n't located all that close to the actual airport - maybe 10 minutes away .
i only stayed here since everything downtown was booked up .
somebody needs to build a few hotels in phoenix , because when the nice ones are booked up , there are n't too many good choices left .

-1
tonight was our first time there .
bad night to go ... they were having some sort of eating contest that dominated the whole restaurant .
our dinner was good but we could n't hear one another talk over the loud emcee who swore left and right not caring whether there were families and children present .
service was fair .
not sure we 'll go back .
i 'm sad cause we live close by and would love to have a bbq joint to brag about .

-1
my wife and i usually have a nice time here , but last night was a mess .
so much so i wanted to contact the owner but could n't even find a way to contact anyone on their web site .
we would probably go back because of the food , but definitely not the service .
it started off with a long wait when there were empty tables , i get it no reservation .
then we are seated for over 10 minutes to get water , another 10 to get our drinks .
we order , the server was knowledgable , however after a long wait our food arrived , they had forgotten our appetizer .
we were given a free desert , so i will call that even .
when we got the bill it was correct , however , when we got the credit card receipt it was for someone else 's table ( 3 times our bill ) .
that was quickly corrected and when i went to the greeter for some reassurance that the $ 173 card was not going to appear on our cc statement , she attempted to direct us to the bartender , which at that point i just wanted to leave and not deal with another person .
anyone of these `` incidents `` alone is not a big deal but in concert along with a server that kept referring to me as `` brother `` and a greeter that calls my wife and i `` guys `` ( i am not stuffy , however , unearned familiarity along with poor service is a bad combination ) made for an overall poor experience on a rare night out without the kids .

-1
very disappointing meal .
the meal started off fine , enjoying the beet salad but it was all downhill from there .
my ribeye , which i ordered medium rare came out medium well and had to be sent back .
alter waiting 5-8 minutes while everyone else at the table ate their dinner , the second steak , although prepared properly , was tough and full of grizzle and fat .
the steaks at costco are better .
i ordered a cup of tea , which is served in individual sized pots , and after waiting a few minues for the tea to steep i poured the tea into my cup only to realize that it was just hot water .
the tea leaves which sit in a strainer at the top of the pot was not submerged into the water .
i had to ask for another pot .
management never apologized for these errors , did not offer to comp a desert , nothing .
the prices are high , $ 15 for a glass of wine , $ 29 for entry , sevice spotty and food mixed .
there are only four entries on the menu so you would think they would be able to get them right .

-1
after hitting some other places and experiencing wag n ' wash more i have to lower my rating .
there are two main issues that annoy me .
the staff pay is apparently commission , or at least sales , based .
which means that they will not leave you alone to just look around and make a decision about products !
this would be less annoying if they were trained better i have received conflicting information from two different staff members about the same product ... that raises a flag .
one of them is wrong but they are really trying to sell stuff to you !
furthermore , their dog wash area is nice and well kept .
however the dog baths require you to get your dog into them .
which is tricky if you have a big dog , especially after the wash when the floor is wet and you have to get the dog out .
after my first experience , when my dog slipped , i asked a staff member if their was a better way that might keep my dog from hitting his legs when he slipped ... they just nonchalantly said that it was what happened all the time .
even better , the drying area is separate from the washing area and requires you to take your wet dog into another room , lift them onto another platform and then use the driers on them .
why not just dry them in the tub ?
i 'd suggest going to smelly dog up the street , their tubs lift up for you and you dry the dog right there , also their staff is happier and friendlier !

-1
hmmm .
if you just want cookies then do n't come here !
15 minute wait just to be told that we needed to go to the register so the clerk could run back & forth to where we had been standing to get the cookies .
good thing we did n't order salads or a sandwich .

-1
i thought this place was just ok as far as mongolian grills go .
it was fine but i have certainly been to better .
this is the first one i have been to where you have to pay more if you want to make up more than one bowl of stir fry .
the difference between a single bowl versus unlimited was $ 2.00 so whats the point of that ?
then they have an ice cream machine near the soda dispensers but there is a big sign that says if you want ice cream , go back to the register and pay another dollar .
why not just charge one price for all ?
anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available .
the sauces were ok but there was only one guy cooking so it took some time to get yours made up even with few people there .
the place was not as clean as i would have liked but whatever .
it was n't awful but i 'd not make a point to go here again .

-1
papaya thai raves their restaurant as `` the best curry in the valley ! ``
the curry was pretty good , but my main dish was the thai omelet .
the dish was okay , but it tasted like a chicken omelet with a bunch of soy sauce .
i did n't taste any distinguishable thai spices .
the service was kind of slow as it took forever for our drinks to be brought out .
i am not sure if it is because of the lack of staff or what , but drinks should n't take 10-15 minutes to come up .
at the very least , the server could have brought us some water .
i have experienced much better , meh !

-1
the tables in the bar area are super small , so do n't plan on getting much food .
it wo n't fit .
the tacos were pretty good , except the veggie one .
they are going out of business , so they do n't have all of the liquors listed on the menu .
slow service .
ambience is somewhere between modern and college with color changing bar lights .

-1
this place has very tasty food and a good little atmosphere , as well as stocked with good beer.however i think it is a little over priced for a hot dog and beer joint .
also it is lacking in proper seating .
could be a lot more enjoyable with more atmosphere .
if you do n't mind paying a little extra and finding your own place to eat , then by all means enjoy these delicious hot dogs and ( overpriced ) drinks .

-1
if it was n't for the cute shopping cart of fries , they 'd get a one star .
went in an hour after they opened today so it was n't busy at all .
all the servers and host were standing around looking bored out of their mind .
my server was nowhere to be found so i waved down a server that was standing right next to me with nothing to do , he shook his head at me and replied `` i 'm not your server , `` and went back to staring at the damn ceiling before asking if he could help me with anything .
i could n't read his name tag but i think his name was ali or ali-something .
finally my server showed up after a few minutes and took my order .
if it was n't for my friend wanting to try this `` popular `` place , i would had walked out of there .
overall , service was below a one star .
as for the food , i got the delux burger since it was their popular item with an order of sweet potato fries .
i ordered the burger medium well and it came out way over cooked .
it was extremely bland , i had to add a lot of salt and pepper just to finish half of the burger .
oh , the bacon was nowhere to be found in my burger .
over $ 10 for this dinky tasteless burger ?
i rather go to in-n-out .
the fries was okay since the sauce was good .
my friend got the chicken panini sandwich , which she said was nothing special .
with that price , you could 've gotten much better for less elsewhere .
overall , we 're never coming back .

-1
i wanted breakfast that did n't require a long wait or making it myself .
i was probably off best by just sucking it up and making breakfast at home because lantana grille was pretty disappointing .
we arrived and thought the place was actually closed because there was not a single car in the parking lot and when we walked in , there was no hostess .
but we saw some people sitting so i asked if we just seat ourselves and they replied with `` sure ! ``
-- i guess that is what i would say too if someone asked me mid breakfast at lantana grille what to do upon walking in .
there was a large party in the back , they mentioned that they were in town for a wedding so i am guessing they must have walked over from the pointe hotel .
( this explained no cars in the lot ) .
it is set up like a breakfast buffet , you pay $ 15 or $ 16/person and eat whatever in the buffet .
the choices are limited and not that good .
the best part was the made to order omlets and that is it .
even the sauasage and bacon seemed to taste off .
how does that happen ?
so the buffet had scrambled eggs ( do n't eat those-ick ) , sausage , bacon , french toast , syrup , cereal , fruit .
oh and the omlets -- best bet are the omlets .
service was slow , only one gal running around for the whole place and even though not busy when we got there , there was still a huge group in the back , a small group up front and us .
then another large group came in as we were finishing up .
i just wanted to get out of there .

-1
i think this restaurant could be really good except for the service .
when a hotel knows they are fully booked , it is a safe bet that your restaurants will be busy as well .
with that being said , would n't it make sense to make sure your staff is fully staffed as well ?
the food was average , not bad but not amazing either .
i wanted to try their breakfast buffet but after the poor service we received for dinner i figured it was n't worth our time to try it a second time .

-1
who ever is the owner of this franchise does n't realize or care that this place is very very smokey all the time ! ! !
vents do n't work , fix it ! ! !
is this a health hazard ?
that 's my question .
employees breath this all the time , every day , for many hrs at a time .
just saying .

-1
the first time i went , they were horribly understaffed .
no spoons , dirty tables all over the place , took at least 10 + minutes for the order , the experience was a mess .
if i had n't come back , it 'd be a one-star easy .
gave it another shot as it was the only place open at the time .
tried the miso ramen this time , but if it was n't for the miso floating in the soup , i 'd think it was normal shoyu broth .
they did try to be creative with different veggies , but the baby spinach is not a great idea as it broke down quickly in the hot broth , which was still hot after a while , so a plus there .
maybe i 've been spoiled by other ramen shops on the west coast , but i find this place forgettable .
well , the only thing i wo n't forget is not wanting to come back .

-1
we went on a saturday morning and it was 45 min wait , and i 'm not quite sure why .
i 'm starting to think breakfast joints are the way to go in the restaurant biz cuz they 're always packed .
the food here was good but nothing to die for like matt 's .
the omelets and french toast were good ( but french toast came out cold ) , the hashbrowns were excellent , the tater tots were typical , and the homefries were average .
i was a fan of the ice coffee with mint in it but i would n't recommend it to people who usually drink super sweet coffee beverages .
i 'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 3 because the wait was unpleasant and the servers were rude , and the hostess was a prima donna .

-1
after a late flight in , my wife and i wanted to get a quick bite and a drink before going home .
we had 3 choices .
chili 's was crowded , applebee 's was packed , so we went to fridays that was not crowded at all .
i now know why .
food took over 30 minutes , for 2 appetizers , tv 's were playing the local news with no sound or cc ( might as well had muted c-span on ) , and all anyone working there wanted to do was closing clean up , even though they had 2â 1/2 more hours to go till closing .
food was ok , service was sub-par .
needless to say we will not be going there again , unless there are no other options .
still would probably just go home hungry .

-1
this event is pretty chaotic if you 're a newbie at this .
even veterans of this were a bit confused .
i guess they switched to tickets instead of using cards for the '13 season .
would probably have used a punch card instead cuz keeping track of these tickets was a pain .
the option for 5 tickets ( $ 5 ) , was the sky vodka area ... which you basically saved a dollar per drink , which was $ 6 dollars compared if you ordered it outside .
it was also a younger crowd but only an area blocked off with nothing special inside .
the beer choices are horrible ( no imports ) , and were each $ 6 .
the food , for the most part disgusting and expensive .
dickey 's bbq was very good though the line was very long do to it being the best and they were very slow and confused .
they could have put more pulled pork on the sandwich , you do n't get what you paid for but it was good .
dos gringos and salty 's was just disgusting , served cold .
salty 's burrito was already pre made and i had no idea where it came from , must have just been sitting in a bin .
the bathroom situation was insane , especially for the women .
it would be hard pressed for me to do this again but i 'd definitely do the beer garden next time or just wait for beerfest in flagstaff which is awesome .
you really just need to game plan what your going to do before you get there or atleast once you get there , or you 'll spend a crap load of money and ca n't figure out where and what to do .
there 's also a place inside which i think was called the tiki lounge , with a theater that had really good drinks on special which seemed like the best place to go and if you wanted a break .

-1
2pm lunch on friday afternoon .
food was tasteless .
completely tasteless .
we added about half the salt shaker .
the lobster seafood crepe was greasy , creamy and tasteless .
.
with yellow carrots on the side that were tasteless .
also had a wrap that was nothing to write home about .
maybe the chef had gone home , but we were pretty disappointed .

-1
my first experience with `` el y ella `` i will admit went well .
i walked in 30 minutes before the salons closing and the women available was more than happy to help me .
she took her time and my haircut looked amazing !
i decided to take a friend who had hair down to her waist .
she was also wanting to donate her hair and get a new look .
i was excited because my first experience was excellent .
i made an appointment for 5 pm on a friday for my friend .
we walk into the salon and we were a little early .
my stylist told us she would be with us in a few minutes .
the problem is that when i walked in my heart sank .
the stylist i wanted was doing somebodies color .
it did n't look like she was too far into it either .
it was also about 4:45 .
ok , no big , i assumed she would be able to juggle both clients .
20 minutes later the girl looking bored behind the counter ( miss greeter ray o ' sunshine ) tells my friend to go to a groudy looking sink in the back of the dark salon .
i did n't know you can wash someones hair well in 2 minutes .
she allows us to hang in the back of the salon and both stylists ( only two were working that night ) are still going strong on their clients .
20 minutes later `` miss thang `` moves us from the back of the salon to a chair .
10 minutes later the stylist ( who by the way keeps calling me the wrong name and wo n't stop gossiping about other clients and their lives ) starts in on my friends hair who is a nervous wreck at this point .
she cuts it just below her ears .
fine .
she starts in on styling .
ok , we 're finally going somewhere .
she stops .
crap .
she tells us she needs to work on her clients coloring `` real quick `` .
20 minutes later she is back to my friend .
to top it off , i do n't know what the deal was but there were flies all over the salon .
then from out of nowhere the stylists son starts going off the handle .
here we go ! ! !
no idea where he came from but he started throwing a tantrum like i 've never seen thrown before .
i mean this kid was grabbing things and throwing them !
the stylist left my friend to go and tend to her spawn .
totally fine .
evil happens .
45 minutes later , the other stylist had to finally take over .
my friends hair is completely dry and i am both upset and embarrassed that i had recommended we go to `` el y ella `` .
my friend was being totally cool about it and all i wanted to do was make like goop and slither under a door and go far far away .
meanwhile the stylists kid is still going in a back room where she eventually had to drag him away to .
i mean , you can hear thumping and bumping on the wall .
i do n't know about you but after 45 minutes my mama would have thumped and bumped on my behind .
actually , there would have been no 45 minutes ! ! !
the stylist finished up my friend and all we wanted to do was just go .
the stylist finally comes out from the back of the salons dungeon apologizes `` sorry melissa `` .
obviously , no tip was left , i did n't care to fight to get half off on a haircut or whatever .
we left 2 hours later .
mind you , the haircut came out looking lovely .
but first you may have to almost get a toy car chucked at your head for it .

-1
did not live up to what others have said about the place .
5 guys across the street is much better , smashbuger continues to the best burger in town !

-1
yuck !
i have not been cooking lately - busy with work and home ... i went there for homestyle food and it was not good .
also , like the previous reviewer , the server did not know anything about homestyle food .

-1
atmosphere can be warmer if the wait staff smile .
decor is modern and pleasant .
food is good and portions presented well and adequate .
my waitress was warm and friendly at the start , then as two and four tops started to fill up she obviously concentrated on those tables rather than me , a single .
it took 21 minutes to finally get my check and another waitress had to get it and took care of the transaction .
i tipped her cash for that , left nothing for my initial waitress and informed the manager of what had transpired .
his reply -- `` she 's out looking for a husband and quick tips `` .
rather than disappoint anyone , i decided to not return to this establishment .

-1
i 'm fairly certain i 've had a good dining experience here , though i 'd be hard pressed to come up with exactly when that was .
i was here the other night , and it was pretty bad .
unfortunately , this result is more the rule than the exception for me .
i swear this place is like the tara reid of restaurants .
the place is pretty nice ... comfy chairs , loungy sofa style seating , lovely patio , clean and open dining area ( with hideous gaudy bedazzled dog statues placed strategically so you can sit anywhere and see a faux diamond encrusted canine anus while you eat ) , and a nice long modern ( for 10 years ago ) bar .
the exterior walls are mostly glass so if you 're at all self conscious , you might feel like you 're on display .
this was a mid-week night and it was pretty dead .
there were literally more waitstaff than tables seated , yet the table next to us had one of their orders completely forgotten .
then the same waiter kept asking what we wanted to drink and while we were ordering , he would walk away for 10 minutes .
the service did n't get much better from there .
when we finally got to order and then eventually get our food , it was mediocre ... definitely not worth the lofty prices .
in fact , the burgers used to be considered quite good here - the burger has n't changed much , but i guess maybe the bar has been raised since they designed theirs .
this place just needs to revamp a little bit i think .
they also need some new staff .
like tara reid , this joint is an old diseased coked up used up whore that hangs out with the under/upper crust of society , ca n't act or even perform basic functions half the time , pretty much everyone has been inside at some point , half the people come to watch the train wreck while the other half comes to be on the train , and on the right nights is fun to party with .

-1
i had high hopes for this place , and did not get what i was hoping for .
service was very slow , they were out of what i ordered , and the prices were very high .
food was just ok , nothing to rave about .
very odd place .

-1
i had high hopes for this place .
a mercado & panaderia located on a street with more signs in spanish then english .
but ... it was sub-par .
i ordered a bean tostada , rice & beans , and a beef taco .
the rice and beans were just ok but were worlds better then the rest of the meal .
there was zero flavor to anything on my plate .
a real disappointment .
i could n't even finish my meal , it was n't worth the calories .
i did get a churro from the panaderia and that was excellent .
maybe i did n't order the right things ... but ... if a mexican restaurant ca n't even make a flavorful taco then i do n't know if it 's worth returning to .

-1
if you 're looking for a healthy meal with tons of gluten free or lactose free options - nourish is your place .
i was dining with my friend michelle who had come off of a massive pig-out stooper and was looking for a lighter , healthier dining experience .
i ordered the eggplant parmesan and it was good although maybe because i am pregnant i could n't really get into it as much as michelle was .
she had the protein burger and enjoyed it as well .
i will say the atmosphere is n't anything special and because of it 's size it can be a bit noisy inside .
it is tough to access the restaurant because it is located in the optima in scottsdale so parking is in the underground garage .
the service is great and the friendly staff help make it a pleasant experience it just was n't a place that i was head over heals for ...

-1
honestly , i come here when i 'm en route to qc olive mill .
i come to pick up some unique local gifts for out of town friends/family , but each time i come i 'm a little disappointed in their lack of friendliness or helpfulness .
i 'm never greeted when i come into the store ( even though it 's always dead ) , and when i ask questions about the different products i get a half-assed answer .
i still stop by each time i go to qcom to get a couple of local preserves or salsas for my gift baskets , but i 'm certainly not coming with the hopes of being greeted with a smile , and i do n't bother asking questions anymore ...

-1
after a friend raving about this place for 6 months i had to go .
i 'd say my turkey sanwich was pretty average .
i 'd never go again simply for the fact they do n't have sweetener for their unsweetened iced tea .
boo .

-1
not the fault of this location , i preface my review by stating we have the world 's worst mail carrier .
i 'm pretty certain i deliver more mail than he does .
we 've found mail on the ground more than once , and if we 're lucky it 's our own .
we have a box with a top you rotate which apparently requires shoving everything in at once to ensure the mail is bent , torn , or destroyed .
anytime he takes a rubber band off of a bundle , it 's generously tossed in our driveway to save us a trip to staples i 'm sure .
and if that 's not bad enough , he 's probably the rudest guy you 'll ever meet .
so anytime i go into a post office , i 'm reminded how much i despise this guy .
enter post office on mcdowell .
there are a few good people there , but in general i think they require a prior history in used car sales .
before i can get a word out of my mouth ... would you like overnight service ?
no thanks , just priority mail .
what about insurance and delivery confirmation ?
no thanks , just priority mail .
what about stamps , labels , shipping supplies or a prescription for xanax ?
no , just mail the damn package please .
would you like cash back ?
no ! ! ! !
but now i need a xanax .

-1
i 've never been to this applebee 's before , and i think it 's one of the sadder locations .
it was super busy when we got here tonight , and we were seated in a booth near the back .
i went with the triple sampler which came with two sliders , spinach dip and buffalo wings .
the spinach dip was almost electric green a really bright color .
the rest of the food was fine , but the whole meal was weird .
for starters , i had to ask repeatedly to get my sprite with dinner .
the server kept forgetting to bring it , and i was wondering when it was going to come out .
also , my water kept running out and i started getting irritated since i was super thirsty today .
it 's not that i need the server to stand at my table with a vat of water , but i literally would have to flag someone down to come over after it had been empty for some time .
we also found a bug on the table during dinner , and i have no idea where that came from .
service was good , but it was not the greatest experience i 've had .
not my favorite applebee 's at all .

-1
i guess alice does n't live here anymore .
expecting some of excitement and flair of his music , we arrived at alice cooperstown right after noon .
granted , a popular time .
while an empty 4 top stared us in the face , we were told we would have to wait 5 minutes for a table .
we looked thorough the moderately-overpriced merchandise while waiting the longest 5 minutes in history .
school is not out .
lesson one : allow plenty of time to get seated at alice 's .
finally seated , our server orbited by , only barely interested in our presence .
having seen the big-unit pimped on tv , we had agreed to try it .
the `` big-unit `` is 22 `` of all-beef hot dog on a bun .
for some reason i thought it would be special .
stupid me .
we asked for cheese on top and for half of the dog to have chili as my wife does n't like chili .
so that means the whole dog would have cheese , and half of the dog would have both cheese and chili .
complicated ?
read on .
ok , so now we 've been at alice 's for 50 minutes ( fifty ) and have not been served .
lesson two : service at alice 's is s-l-o-w .
no matter how loud they pump up the music , the servers and kitchen can not keep the beat .
i had n't intended on keeping track , but at 45 minutes i started to notice that i was getting pretty hungry .
at 55 minutes our server suddenly looks in our direction , probably from the pain of 3 pairs of eyes following her every move and rushes to the kitchen .
the `` big unit `` is supposed to be the signature dish at alice 's .
when a `` big unit `` is served a bell is rung and all the servers stand up and mutter ( in unison ) `` big unit `` .
ob la te , ob la ta , life goes on .
not much of a production , but that 's ok .
i did n't really want the hoopla i thought might come with it .
lesson three : the `` big unit `` is no big deal .
the bu arrives naked on one side and cheese and chili on the other .
sheesh lesson four : wait staff either can not take orders or do not check orders .
but , by this time our parking meter was going to run out , so eating was our first priority .
lesson 5 , bring quarters for the meters or park in the public garage .
we politely asked for mayo , pickle relish and onions as the waitress drifted by from time to time .
the mayo came first ... 5 minutes later the pickle relish was dropped off on a buzz by , and the onions ... well , we never saw them .
lesson six : oh hell , you get the idea .
our dining partner ordered a fried chicken sandwich .
her only comment was that it would have better if it had not been fried and was otherwise bland .
i think this is really a place to go for a beer at the bar .
or , if you are with a group large enough to attract the interest of the wait staff and and your group is interested in drinking mass quantities of beer , thus disabling the usual gag reflex that might prevent you from eating everything put in front of you .
or maybe you want to embarrass a weight challenged friend and make them order a `` big deal `` ( oh sorry , `` big unit `` ) and watch them stuff 22 `` of all-beef boiled doggie into their face .
ha ha ha .
what fun .
really .
ok , so the bottom line .
go once 'cause you ca n't believe all the other bad reviews and you 're sure alice would never be a part of this .
then , write a review apologizing to all the previous reviewers who tried to warn you .
oh oh , i almost forgot .
the wait staff wear eye makup .
just like alice .
well , sorta like alice .
alright , not at all at all like alice .
like i said , alice does n't live here anymore .
and we told you so .
schools out .

-1
almost no chicken in my kung pow chicken .
i wish i could attach a photo to show the whole serving plate is still full after eating all of the chicken .
special fried rice is good but , again , tiny shrimp & meat pieces .
would be good if they stopped trying to save money/increase profits by skimping on meat in their dishes .

-1
i came here for the book club yesterday , and i ca n't say that i will be back any time soon .
the afternoon started off well , but ended in a general distaste for this place .
when i first got there , there was hardly anyone at the resturant , and it seemed like we got loads of attention from our server .
she was always coming over to us to bug us to order something .
i honestly was n't that hungry , but i felt like i should order something , since the waitress kept coming over .
i ordered the american hot dog plate , and got fries and my coke to go with it .
eventually every one else ordered , but one girls sliders order completely got ignored and never delivered .
when she mentioned something to the server , she seemed as surprised as we were .
it seems like after i food got delivered , that 's when things went downhill .
for starters , the place got packed with people watching the usa/canada hockey game , but i feel like maybe we got forgotten .
so much so , that i had to ask a manager to get our bill for us .
i also told him that we have n't seen or heard from our server in almost an hour .
then , when the bill did finally come , we had to send it back to get split so we could all play our share .
i know its a sports bar , but it really lacked in service .
i think our table really felt ignored after while , with no drink refills , and having to flag down servers to even get our bill .
i do n't plan on returning , as i was neither impressed with the food nor the service .

-1
i only go here out of convenience and it 's better than going to another fast food chain ... ie ( burger king or jack in the crack ) i usually order the secret menu stuff like , animal style fries and lemon up .
sometimes the fries leave a bad taste in my mouth afterwards .
sometimes they also give me stomaches ... : -\ fulfilling , but not craving ?

-1
meh ... its really cool looking for just drinks and a good time ... i did n't like the food very much at all .
i had the street tacos and just was n't too happy with the quality of the food ... i do n't know if it sat too long , or if thats just how it always is ?
but the fish pieces were really good !
the service could be a little better , but overall its ok .

-1
great concept , poor delivery .
this place is very confusing .
we went on a wednesday around 7:00 p.m. .
when we entered , we were n't sure if i needed to wait to be seated or find our own table .
there are very few tables , most seat 8 to 10 people and are very large picnic style .
there is no wait staff .
we eventually found our way to the bar , the bartender told us he could take our order , but it would be better to go to the `` girl `` standing by the trailer .
we ordered at the bar .
it took about 30 minutes to get our food , as advertised .
they call your name over a loud speaker to pick up your food at the trailer .
there are no signs where to pick up .
the cook finally yelled to us to go to the back of the trailer .
we had the mac and cheese muffins , chicken pot pie in the jar and maple ribs .
the mac and cheese muffins were very bland .
the chicken pot pie was just okay .
the ribs were covered in sauce which seemed to hide the real favor of the rib .
this place is trying to be a trendy , hipster place , but got lost along the way .
the boxing ring and clothing store are great concepts to help entertain .
staff up , put in seating for smaller parties and revisit the menu .

-1
bought a groupon for this place and should have read reviews before i wasted my time and money .
saturday night and not very many people dinning in , that should have been sign ! ! !
overall nice looking restaurant , cool revolving sushi conveyor but service was weak and the sushi looked like it was sitting on that conveyor for a long time .
i did order from the menu to have atleast something fresh .
it took awhile to finally place my order and seemed forever to get it .
with just a hand full of people it should have been fairly quick to receive our food .
the staff seemed busy playing with their cell phones than taking care of the customers .
i will not be back .

-1
well , they have good flights and connections from time to time .
their fleet is very archaic though , probably most of their planes are older than me ( and i am not very young ) .
and if you are in trouble and you need some flexibility from them -- forget it .
representatives are very rude and very hostile .

-1
i asked for a remodeled room .
it was decent , but definitely not modern .
the room had a slight mildewy smell , the kind you 'd expect from a swamp cooler ( remember those ? )
.
speaking of a swamp cooler , the ac was the worst part .
it is one of those older kinds connected to the wall underneath the window as you walk in the door .
hopefully you are a hard sleeper because it turns on and off every couple of minutes .
i 'm not kidding .
i wanted to rip ours off the wall !
they will charge for everything you use in the room , so be watchful of the price tags .
good news though , you can buy a 2oz bottle of sunscreen for $ 20 .
* rolling of the eyes * the tv is decades old !
no flat screen and nothing over 25 `` .
at least 3 channels were dedicated to footage of their own hotel .
great location in scottsdale , good price from priceline ( $ 70 ) , but far from a resort .
it is comparable to a motel 6 ( i 'm guessing , since i have n't stayed in one in forever . )
priceline really needs to change the rating system ; it is not a 4 star hotel .

-1
there are way too many post office/ups store/fed ex/mail places out there to even bother with this one anymore .
it 's super convenient to my house , but i will just go somewhere else .
i have been twice .
both times different people have helped me .
the first time , the gentleman was just plain rude .
the second time , the lady ( his daughter ? )
was just plain rude and he was standing there talking to her the whole time .
they do n't bother to help you with shipping between usps and ups , something other stores will gladly do so that you can get packages to your destination on time .
they do n't bother to help you tape up a package , rather , buy $ 5 tape that you can use once .
they do n't bother to even say thanks on the way out .
do n't bother with this family-owned business .
too bad , too , because i genuinely like mom-and-pop operations .

-1
this review is for the tpc champions course .
overall , a huge disappointment .
first impression is weak due to an unimpressive club house especially for a tpc course and for the price they demand .
we had lunch there and the food itself was pretty good but in an uninteresting setting .
been in as nice or nicer club houses at many municipal courses .
we had a noonish tee time and they were running behind 15 minutes at that point .
next , the marshall informed us that the back ( black ) tee boxes were not in play for the day .
as a low handicap golfer , that was a disappointment .
so , our bad start continues .
the course itself is nothing special and the front 9 especially are lined with office buildings , parking lots , construction areas , etc . .
again , weak for a tpc course and their prices .
course condition was even worse .
several sand traps had almost no sand in the bottom and you could see the mesh lining materials .
passed a fairway trap where there was a decent sized tree root growing through the trap .
wow .
the greens were filled with ball marks and bad repairs .
most of the tee box areas were filled with sand/seed mix repairs .
it was a windy day and the 10th green was completely un-puttable .
it was filled with leaves , twigs and seedlings out of some near by trees .
again , pathetic for a tpc course .
several greens on the back 9 were in similar , but not as bad , shape .
our round took over 4 hr , 35 minutes and we never saw a marshall/ranger on the course .
i would give the course itself just 1 star , but give this review 2 stars as most everyone that worked in the club house , pro shop , drink carts and bag drop were very friendly .
it almost seems like they make this course look bad to make the stadium course look that much better .
lots of better golf courses than this in the area .
you can pass on the champions course .

-1
great breakfast area and managers happy hour .
big down fall rooms are dated , ac is noisy , fridge and bathroom fan is noisy .
carpets in rooms and common area are dirty as well .
gym is small and outdated .
hotel needs a refresh to get to hilton and the areas standards .

-1
so i have eaten in here , as well as gotten delivery .
when we dine in , the passion bread is a nice complimentary touch , pizza is pretty good , and wings are yummy too .
however , something bad happens between the restaurant and delivery .
my boyfriend and i hypothesize it has something to do with the fact that they bake their wings , but upon arrival ( earlier than predicted even ! )
the wings/boneless wings are mushy and vinegary ... bummer .
we ordered delivery out of necessity since it was a sunday night football kind of day ( drinking ) , and we were a little disappointed .
oh well ... make up your mind for yourself .

-1
understaffed ! !
there was nothing fast about my experience .
i straight-up got the wrong order .
when i brought it to the cashier 's attention , she had the correct food prepared .
when i asked if i could keep the wrong order ( to give to my dog ) , so it does n't go in the trash , she said no ... apparently , the manager `` keeps `` the food to count it as waste .
i hope they do n't try and reserve it to some unsuspecting soul ... cos i had already taken a bite out of the burger ! !
on a separate note , the quality of carl 's jr. food has gone way downhill in the last few years ! ! !
see the picture of what was advertised to what i actually received in my order ... it 's pretty sad ! !

-1
overrated , food was just ok , service was spotty .
we had a large party ( which increased in size by the time we reached the restaurant on a sunday night ) but the staff was friendly and rearranged things to accommodate our larger group .
with table shuffling and ordering tea ( interesting variety of teas are served ) , it was more than an hour before our order was taken .
the food was uninspired and the serving size was average for a chinese restaurant .
the restaurant managed to mess up several orders ; one problem was solved quite nicely but another was not .
as we were leaving , a bordering-on-rowdy crowd was blocking part of the restaurant and entrance/exit and was drinking and smoking in front .
to their credit , the staff warned us about the problem , but it was n't pleasant and it seemed like the staff had no control over the crowd .
this review is based on one visit while we were vacationing in scottsdale .

-1
conceptually , i think this place is great .
beautiful design , clean , efficient system .
i am very disappointed with their work , though .
my gel manicure was $ 35 and looked rough from the moment i walked out the door .
see photo from 8/2 of light pink polish .

-1
i do n't like this place , but since it 's the only place in the neighborhood to go for a bagel , i end up here too often .
the cinnamon-raisin bagel might have a total of 3 raisins in the entire bagel .
this has happened to me sooo many times , that i have stopped ordering it .
i feel like i 'm just eating a cinnamon bagel .
you have to ask them to double toast your bagel .
if not , you will find that you have a luke-warm bagel with butter on it .
ick .
i like my bagel browned just a little bit .
but i 'm sure i will continue to come here until something better opens up nearby .

-1
i like wendy 's and i think their food is generally better than the bunch , but this location is baaaad .
do n't get me wrong , the employees are friendly and try to be helpful , but there are two large problems with this location ; the employees lack training and 50 % of my orders come out wrong .
wendy 's mails coupons to my home , and often this location hands out coupons with orders , but every time i went to use a coupon at this location , they have no idea how to enter it .
they almost always say their do n't have the button on their cash register for it , but i have to believe its poor training , or a complete lack of any training .
second , at least 50 % of the time , the order i get is wrong .
at the drivethru i 'm almost always missing at least one item which i do n't discover until i get home .
in the store , items are wrong as well .
again , lack of any training seems to be the problem , and a high employee turnover at this location also seems like a problem .

-1
0100 arrival for 150 gal of jet a and a quick turn .
scruffy , unshaven cas , dressed in ratty hooded sweatshirt did not project a professional image .
when asked , there was no change available for a $ 20.00 bill for vending machine .
not the level of service expected from a high end fbo .
we 'll make another facility choice next time .

-1
sheraton has done wonders with photoshop , do n't let the pictures fool you , on-line this place looked great .
upon arrival in the dirty parking lot , ripped aunnings , sounds of high school hotel parties , and the smells mold and cheap weed ... not what i had in mind for my stay at the sheraton .
other parts of phoenix you could probably find a nicer motel 6 .
on the upside the beds were comfortable and the black out curtains were nice .
i would avoid if possible & if you 're visiting phoenix probably find a better part of town .

-1
my friend mario loves this place he goes and buys a lot of stuff all the time .
some times i think my friend mario is nuts .
; - { ) i really dislike this store .
i guess the location is to make one feel like they are going to a discount basement .
you know like filene 's in boston .
i just feel like i am going down to a toilet .
it is too crowded with crap i would never spend even the least amount of money on .
the men 's area is to me a joke .
too many folks i would not want to rub up against in too small of an isle .
i do not know buy i always get the feeling furtive looks are being shared between the customers .
just too creepy for me .
i hate mess and this place is messy .
i will take a nice clean well thought out store any day , with good merchandise that is .
damn the prices .
.
i suppose this place serves a purpose , but not for me .

-1
i decided to stop by at this place with a friend of mine several months back - all we can remember was that service was acceptable , food tries way too hard , and is very expensive for such small quantities - and we 've both done extensive traveling and had amazing pizza , this is not it !
if your really craving a pizza from a wood-burning oven , i guess this might be your place if all other options are closed !
i do give them points for having a nice wine list .

-1
it 's olive garden , you should expect it to be the same as always .
however , i always get the eggplant parmesan , and this time it was really bad .
i told the waiter and to my surprise the manager came over and was genuinely interested in why i did n't like it this time since i always order it .
she comped my meal since i did n't eat it .
however , i left full since i did enjoy an appetizer , salad and breadsticks !

-1
my wife and another couple decided to go to postinos at 7:00 .
we were advised that it was going to be an hour wait .
no problem we will hang out in the front couch and have a few glasses of wine while we wait .
about 10 minutes later the hostess shows up and tells us we ca n't be sitting there , we say ok ... she moves us to a dining table by the bar , and proceeds to state we can sit here for dinner .
after sitting for 30 seconds at the table we started getting soaked by the misters .
one of us went back to the hostess to be moved to a different table .
she stated it would take a few minutes .
so we hung out at rear patio area , another 30 minutes went by with no call .
we went up front to the hostess and our name was dropped from the list .
then they gave us another table up front and it too was soaked with water from the misters .
now an hour and 20 minutes have gone by with no seating in sight .
very disappointed at postinos the wait staff with the drinks and water were great , but we will never go there again .
we walked across the street to liberty market and had our meal there within 20 minutes .
it was excellent too .

-1
i finally got a chance to try cheba hut after hearing rave reviews about it from several friends .
i think my expectations were too high .
it was good , but it was n't great .
the toasted subs are comparable to those that you would get at quiznos but with some more interesting and innovative options .
it was almost $ 20 for two 8 `` subs , one fountain drink , and one dessert .
the food is basically fast food , and those are not fast food prices .
i might go back again , but probably not soon .

-1
one star for : the company ( meaning , my friends , not the elusive firm in the firm with tom `` scientology `` cruise ) one star for : the cool fish in the fishtank lauren and i enjoyed .
if i could flush six down the toilet , i would .
i mean , i understand why kristin s. loves this place-it is so over the top and cheap for being so `` chi-chi `` , you just have to laugh and take it for what it is-a poseur .
well , the laughs end for a lot of reasons : 1 ) mr. k , what the hell was wrong with the wait staff ?
and stevey was right-it was the worst billing experience i have had ever in my paying for a tab life .
no exaggeration .
it plummeted a shitty experience to the sewage system .
and they kept charging us for a fat tire they did n't even have in stock !
2 ) you def .
needed to have ingested coke to `` enjoy `` the music .
3 ) the crowd was so sad .
4 ) i do n't have much more to add to this review .
i have given up hope on humanity ... but not on my tempe 12 girl calendar ! ! ! !

-1
i live and work within a couple of blocks of the living room , and had really high hopes .
overall , the food and wine selections are perfectly palatable .
nothing is going to knock your socks off , but you are n't going to be disappointed either .
personally , i think the food is better than the main ingredient .
my biggest criticism , and the reason i have n't been there more than a couple of times , is the dj .
it is so loud in there .
even when there are only a handful of people in the place , the music is blasting , making it impossible to have a conversation without screaming at the person across the table .
i really wanted this to be a laid back place where i could pop in for a glass of wine and an appetizer after work , but the incredibly loud music just makes me want to flee .
i 've given it three tries now , and i think it 's been louder each time .
if they would lose the dj or at least turn the music down so you could converse , this would be a great neighborhood gathering spot .

-1
the inside of the motel is nice enough for business travelers .
the reason why i am giving two starts is because this is not a safe area for a woman to walk around .
i stayed here without a car and felt uncomfortable walking to restaurants .
i even had someone pull over asking me for a ride .
not safe .

-1
we went here once because our usual sunday place was crowded .
my tacos were okay , but they completely screwed up my boyfriends order .
their margaritas were pretty substandard which was disappointing .
needless to say , we will not be returning .

-1
when i get an urge for sloppy/fast mexican food it is unstoppable .
have you ever heard those del taco commercials when they are talking about ` the beast ' ?
well , my beast could beat up that beast 's dad .
one day when my beast reared it ugly head during a conference call with florida , i knew what had to be done .
i was actually on my way to my regular beast quenching local , filibertos ( on indian school and 2xth st ) when i stumbled upon a shack that looked strikingly similar to the familiar yellow sign of fili b 's .
los betos ? ! ? !
i decided to venture forth and give it a shot .
it is a shack of a place ( are n't they all ? )
but it had a drive-thru and thats all i cared about .
the first thing i noticed was that they had mr. pibb on tap !
i like to order dr. pepper at places that have mr. pibb just to see what they say ( sometimes they try to pawn it off without telling me its not dr. pepper ) .
this older man was honest and relayed to me it was n't dr. p , but mr. p. .
i was content .
i ordered the typical gringo plate with the carne asada burrito with beans and rice .
when i got back to the office , everyone was jealous ( my favorite part ) .
the burrito was so excellent , that i pronounced it excellente , and i did n't get sick off of the beans !
sweetness !
that was my first experience .
i had such a great experience , i decided to go back the next week .
the mistake i made was getting too bold and not sticking to the typical burrito order i loved the first time .
i ordered the super nachos .
the chips were rubber and dripping with oil .
if these chips were n't refried over 10 times , i would be very surprised .
the taste of the oil was disgusting .
as if they had n't changed it for a week .
the toppings were just that .
toppings .
they did n't go passed the first layer of nylon tortilla chips and they were n't very tasty .
although they were more tasty than the chips ( but then , so is a pencil ) ... i ended up throwing the entire thing away and my beast was traumatized .
my advice would be to hit up filiberto 's instead , or at least stay away from the fryers in this joint .

-1
walking through downtown phoenix , my friend and i walked upon what appeared to be an `` og `` of phoenix buildings .
from a distance the building alone looked circa 1940 's and proudly displayed `` hanny 's `` .
i learned the building was originally a department store .
valley residents flocked to the building for the newest and greatest of the days fashion .
the era of hanny 's department store lasted over 30 years .
as i walked closer , large windows displayed the restaurants open floor plan and bar centrally located inside .
the windows were much like a department store displaying and advertising everything inside .
as i walked into the restaurant the sound of catchy beats could be hearing prominently inside .
the restaurant decor is very inviting as you enter .
a primarily grey or chrome color dominates the inside with mirrors strategically placed around the walls .
its too bad the reputation as a premiere department store did n't follow as a restaurant .
as the decor felt welcoming the service and attentiveness lacked in substance , speed and quality .
my friend and i walked in a admired the set up , then realized where is the host ?
i saw a booth commonly associated with what a host or hostess would stand behind and welcome you , but that post had been deserted .
i saw no `` please wait to be seated `` or `` seat yourself `` signs displayed .
i 'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place .
we were greeted by , well i do n't know if i 'd say greeted .
rather we were hurried to a dirty table by the employee .
realizing the table was dirty the man apologized and disappeared .
my friend and i stood between several tables with people at them looking at us looking at them .
with the combination of people talking , music playing i was n't sure if we were suppose to follow the employee or if he was coming back ... having all the patrons eyes staring at me i chose to move and follow the waiter , all be it 30 yards behind his speed walk .
as we meandered through people eating and drinking the waiter walked back , cleaned off another table and sat us with menu 's .
i literally looked at my watch to keep track of the time .
i peered over the menu which on one side displayed food and on the other displayed drinks .
i wanted a drink unique to the restaurant .
i chose the `` moscow mule `` .
a concoction of vodka , ginger beer and sliced cucumbers sounded new and refreshing .
after sitting for about 10 minutes our waitress asked us for our drink selection .
no introduction , no greeting , just what do you want ?
the menu is limited but had my favorites , pizza , salads and sandwiches .
after plenty of time to look at the menu several times i decided on the americano pizza .
a simple combo of italian sausage , grilled mushrooms , onions , three cheese blend and tomato sauce .
after a couple bathroom trips our food arrived prior to the drinks we had ordered twenty minutes earlier .
the pizza had a light thin crust with toppings evenly distributed .
the pizza was good and appropriately priced at $ 13.00 .
i do prefer chunks of sausage rather then ground up sausage , but it did the trick for me .
my drink that took 20 minutes to make was placed in a small old miners style tin cup .
not sure how the cup fit the atmosphere or how it made the drink better , but i feel it was overpriced for the amount of liquid i received .
in all i think hanny 's attracts the out of towner 's staying in a hotel in the area or first time visitors like me .
based on the sub-par service i received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business i wo n't be going back .

-1
this place is right around the corner from gangplank , where i work .
a few of us will go there for a quick and cheap bite to eat every now and again , but i usually regret it .
the food is extremely salty , beyond being `` over seasoned `` .
the employees are n't especially friendly , although there is definitely a family owned atmosphere .
i get the impression that this is the kind of place that people in the area have been going to for a while and after so many years they are able to explain away its flaws .
from other reviews and talking to co-workers it sounds like they 've got good breakfast burrito options , but i 've never been for breakfast so i ca n't comment .
the one redeeming dish is the shredded beef taco combo , however it 's not too consistent so you have to get lucky .

-1
went here for breakfast since it was recommended .
service was very good since it was a busy morning .
i thought it was odd they service pickles with your drinks but hey i love pickles so i ate some !
i ended up order french toast but the new york style .
it was really fried so get ready for something greasy .
i think it was n't what i expected so i did not enjoy it as much as i enjoyed my boyfriends bagel egg sandwich .
will try again another day .

-1
eating at places like this one confirms my suspicion that i 'm spoiled living in san francisco .
near where i live there is a place called phat philly that uses american kobe beef and flies in amoroso rolls for authenticity .
most of the other places in sf use amoroso rolls as well .
the bread they use at philadelphia sandwich company comes nowhere close -- chewy , heavy and generally not good .
the beef was whack .
again , way too chewy and not much flavor .
there was no hot sauce to be found but i did n't ask for any .
the fries were pretty bad and i threw most of them away .
i feel a little guilty slamming this place so hard because the staffers were friendly but i call 'em like i see 'em .

-1
i had only been living in scottsdale for a week or so and i wanted to find a decent mexican restaurant and tacos jalisco looked like a cute little restaurant , and i decided to give it a try .
the customer service is horrible ; the cashier is less than professional , slow , zoned out , uninterested , and she does n't even look at you .
the salsa bar is a bit of a horror-taste wise and not to mention that the area does n't look very clean .
i give it two stars because i enjoyed their rice and i have to admit that their breakfast burrito had juicy savory meat .

-1
party of four , we ordered 4 burgers , all varying levels of medium .
order came back all well done .
for what it 's worth , management redid the burgers and gave us half off the check .
this review does not reflect condition of dessert menu .

-1
expensive .
ordered lamb medium rare , and got it rare/blue was still good , center was cold .
filet was ordered rare but arrived medium/well , waiter was curt and disagreed that my steaming hot brown and light pink meat was actually rare , um no .
the meat was dried out and there was no blood in sight .
they fixed it but no apologies .
pork tenderloin was dried out .
veggies were fantastic .
could be more friendly , especially when you drop $ 140 on two people .

-1
ok .
we had an hour before our movie and decided to go here and eat .
i thought food tasted ok .
just ok .
negatives : - portion size made this a no deal !
i paid $ 2.50 for `` double meat `` on top of the $ 7 for a small ham and bacon , good thing i did , because there was barely any meat on it and certainly not enough to make this a $ 10 sub ... add another $ 2 for a bag of chips and soda .
- wife said she could n't taste any meat at all and should have just bought the veggie sandwich .
.
- she also said it was bland and she would n't go back .
plusses : - it about the cheapest meal at westgate without `` dining `` on movie theater food .
( which is unhealthy and expensive . )
- you choose your toppings and they were very fresh .
- you order by using a sharpie to fill out a brown paper bag , when is delivered with your sandwich in it ... kind of a neat gimmick , especially if you are there with kids or adults with adhd : ) - bread was good crisp on outside but did n't break your jaw chewing .
- there was absolutely no sign of justin bieber in this restaurant .

-1
not impressed , had spicy beef noodle and it was as flavorful as a can of beef noodle soup ( generic ) and as spicy .
the spring rolls were rubbery , just was disappointed but it was clean , nice place service was ok but somewhat complicated due to language but thats easily overlooked .
my friend had the kobe beef as suggested by waitress and again nothing special .

-1
looking at the other reviews i think we must have gone here on an off day or at the wrong time .
i was disappointed in the food given that i liked the cute decor and the creative menus ( which are designed like newspapers ) .
the fries were good , but i definitely did n't think the portions were as huge as others are describing .
i had the stuffed chicken pieces and the server did not give me a choice of sides as it says on the menu .
and the hollandaise sauce was yucky - but i think i 've been spoiled by tc eggington 's .

-1
everything was just ok except for the service which was a step above .
that said , i still ca n't bring myself to go higher than 2 i ordered the gyro combo and it came with a choice of fries or salad and rice .
i got the salad and rice which was ok , nothing special .
the gyro was n't great .
they served it with room temp meat and the taziki sauce was too thick definitely not made in house .
i get the concept of this place with a simple `` fast order `` menu but if you are looking for good greek food ... do n't even attempt it .

-1
i was really disappointed .
although the bbq was decent the portions were small and the sides were terrible .
it felt like a tourist trap and unless someone else is driving me there and paying i 'll never return .

-1
this pita jungle was good .
we went for the reverse happy hour .
well , what happened was we did n't know about the reverse happy hour until we got there .
it starts at 9 and we got there at a little after 8 .
so we went for a walk around the neighborhood first to burn off some of those calories we were about to tack on and to kill some time .
the walk was fun .
the neighborhood is awesome .
it does n't feel like phoenix at all .
we even saw a big boat .
after the walk , we perused back over to the joint .
i do n't know if they had drink specials , we did n't drink that night .
i had an iced tea and homemade lemonade .
i think it 's homemade .
it tasted like it .
i was impressed .
i love my arnold palmers .
i would consider going there just for a big drink to go .
i had the felafel , my husband had the chicken shwarma .
the pita bread was a little hard and the felafel was a little dry .
i do n't know if maybe it was because it was the end of the night ?
we also had the hummus trio and the garlic dip .
both were delicious .
but again , the pita bread was kind of dry .
we could n't decide which hummus we liked best .
i think my vote is for the original .
my husband was all over the tomato .
the service was pretty good , although she only came back to our table once .
but again , that 's probably because it was the end of the night , i think she was doing her side work .
luckily we did n't need anything .
it was pretty busy for 9 oclock , i was surprised .
we were no where near the last ones out of there .
i do n't know if we 'll ever go back to pita jungle .
i 'd like another drink , but other than that , it did n't leave me craving more .

-1
went on a groupon deal .
.
of course they tried to get us to buy a timeshare , that was a no-go for us .
.
the room on the 3rd floor , no elevators .
.
! !
( not a problem , kinda odd though ) the single room seemed okay at first the bed was so uncomfortable , the adjoining room with the noisy , crying kid was not so pleasant .
the bathroom was large , when i flushed the toilet , it would n't stop running , so i reached in the back to adjust the chain , the water was soooo hot .
- the first shower was cold water , could n't get any better than luke warm ( should have splashed myself with the toilet tank water ) 2nd shower was only hot water , 3rd shower - mostly cold water - what the heck was going on .
.
? ?
the front door had a gap of nearly 1/2 `` , we could see thru the gap .
the adjoining room door had about 1 `` gap under it , so i rolled up towels to block it .
the tv was the big clumpy style , the a/c worked , although the thermostat was very loose on the wall small kitchenette : frig , sink , coffee maker , toaster , microwave , table & chairs parking was ample wi-fi was $ 7 a day or $ 20 for 3 days .
.
i could go to any local fast food & get free wi-fi , why the heck are they charging ? ? ?
the pool looked nice , did n't use it they did have free coffee & tea in the lobby the staff all seemed nice & helpful overall - this place seemed kinda out dated

-1
drive thru is sloooooooow .
how slow ?
i had enough time to create a yelp account and write this review .
i have two cars in front of me , c'mon del taco !

-1
i ca n't really say i 've ever loved a meal i 've had here .
i come here often though , because it is somewhat healthy and conveniently located next to the movie theater my family frequents .
the service is very wishy washy .
sometimes you 'll get a server who 's great , the other time you 'll get one who takes nearly 30 minutes to refill a water glass .
for the most part , though , it is pretty average .
the one service thing that has always got to me is that the hostesses usually always seem to be in a really bad mood .
not the greatest feeling when they 're the first employees you make contact with .
atmosphere really is n't bad either .
wall decor changes about every month and is usually themed - you can buy what you see on the walls .
the real lacking point is the food though .
all of it is very bland and unsatisfying .
for example , i 've gotten their large taboule salad , and its about a 1 cup serving of taboule ( with virtually no burghul wheat , so essentially just cilantro ) on a huge bed of romaine lettuce .
eh .
or the time i had their falafel platter .
falafels were overly crunchy , not very flavorful and came on a giant bed of lettuce ( for only three half-dollar sized falafels ) .
some of their better dishes include the chicken tikka masala , beef gyro and cilantro jalapeno hummus .
and by better i mean just average .
pita jungle could have gotten three stars from me , but like i mentioned , i have never truly been impressed with the food .

-1
less than 10 minutes after our daughter 's wedding ceremony , the best man came running from the banquet hall to the church saying there was `` somewhat of an emergency . ``
the bartender needed ice !
the father of the bride , in a full tuxedo and an outside temperature exceeding 100 degrees , had to leave his daughter 's wedding to go buy 150 pounds of ice ( it was in the contract that they would bring 150 lbs of ice ! )
.
as i entered the banquet hall , i saw the bartender alongside my brother-in-law , who had traveled to arizona from boston to be at his niece 's wedding .
i asked him why he was inside the bar , serving drinks , and he said the bartender needed help .
soon enough , we convinced the caterer to share their staff and cut my family loose to enjoy the wedding .
what a fiasco !
we paid nearly $ 650 ( i sent the check in february , and it expired because they did n't cash it until june ) to have a bartender serve drinks for 6 hours to 150 people , and bring along some soft drinks and water .
we supplied all the booze .
there were actually 170 people .
did 20 extra people make it that much harder to serve cold drinks ?
two days later , i sent a disgruntled email to eric kelchlin , ( the owner ? )
and he called me back , saying that the wedding ceremony had ended 40 minutes early and that made it difficult to be ready for the reception .
i certainly had n't been looking at my watch through my tears that hour of the day , but i do n't see how it is possible that we were 40 minutes early !
we had arranged for the bartender to be there at 3:30 pm , and the wedding was from 4:00 -4:30 pm .
my husband said that he saw the bartender arriving with a small amount of ice , as he and my daughter were entering the church to go down the aisle .
apparently , the bartender was late , or he would have had an hour to chill drinks .
at best , the wedding ended only 15 minutes early .
the night before the wedding , i called mr. kelchlin and spoke with him because i was concerned that the drinks would not be cold fast enough , and to tell him that this wedding was full of partiers !
he assured me that they would get the drinks cold fast .
they did n't bring any tubs or coolers , and used the ones on the premises instead .
i understood that they were going to take care of this for us .
mr. kelchlin also told me that we had an incredible amount of alcohol , more than he 's ever seen for 170 guests .
we had 10 cases each of 4 kinds of beer , 70 bottles of champagne , and 20 cases of wine ( 3 varieties ) , and we did have a lot left over .
i do n't understand how that mattered , when they just had to chill a few kinds continuously to serve the event .
after my emailed complaint and our phone conversation , i received this email response from mr. kelchlin : `` hi karen , again i 'm sorry you are not satisfied with rahul 's service .
i try very hard to make sure everyone 's events run smoothly and unfortunately this may not have been the case with your event . ``
he also offered $ 25 compensation for the ice , which i declined .
in rahul 's defense , i asked him for a glass of pinot grigio and he said he did n't have any .
i said , `` i am the mother of the bride , and i bought it !
it 's right there , `` and i pointed to the unopened case of wine .
from that point on , he remembered me and i did n't even have to ask for it .
he poured it quickly with a smile and a nod .
i liked him !
other than his apparent tardiness , we were happy with rahul 's service -- he was friendly and worked fast .
perhaps mr. kelchlin did n't tell rahul i had been concerned about having lots of cold drinks ready at 4:30 !

-1
sadly , i had to change my review of all about smiles .
i mentioned in my previous review that they have very limited hours .
and they are kind of far for me as well .
so i found a dentist closer to me that has early morning hours .
not because of the quality of care i had at all about smiles .
i really liked dr. phan .
it was just impossible for me to get their with my work schedule .
at my initial exam with my new dentist , he asked if i got x-rays at all about smiles .
i did , so he had his receptionist call them to see if they can email or fax them over to save me some money .
they said they could only mail them .
a week later they still did n't receive the x-rays in the mail .
they tried another time and still did n't get them .
i am tempted to drive over there myself and get them , but instead i am just going to shell out some more dough to get them done at my new dentist 's office .
i was going to give one star for this awful customer service but i really like dr. phan .
she needs to get some better office help .
i should have known by how the receptionist was singing along very loudly to the radio in the waiting room that this office lacked professionalism .

-1
not many options .
sandwiches bland .
roast beef dry and shredded .

-1
the place was hard to find and the pizza sucked .
they burned it the first time around but made another one right away .
the bread and olive oil and parking was primo !

-1
service to get waited on is a little slow .
incomplete silverware setting at the table .
has to ask for eating utensils .
ordered a hamburger with a wheat bun , and got a regular bun .
the side salad came after the hamburger arrived , even though i requested the salad before the hamburger .
it just seemed like the staff was doing a lot of running around without getting much done .

-1
not too much going on here .
it 's not my style to compare a pizza place to slices but that 's kinda what it felt like here ... only not as good .
feels weird saying that .
i had a couple slices of pepperoni , which , here it comes , tasted like cardboard .
and my girl had a slice of sausage and pepperoni and some kind of square margarita pizza without marinara , which was their only saving grace .
it was actually pretty good .
there are too many other dining options in this area .
but if i 'm in the mood for sub par pizza by the slice , i might stop back in .

-1
waited twenty minutes for our food .
after fifteen , the manager came out and yelled at the staff .
a better idea would be to help them get caught up .
on top of that , the tortillas were drier than a popcorn fart .
next time ... taco bell .

-1
oh , i really wanted to like it .
really !
i heard such great reviews and saw the special on pbs check please az and i was so excited .
unfortunately , i have to give my honest review .
we went for happy hour , which is n't your typical happy hour of 50 % off , no problem , we were there for the food regardless of any specials .
started off with an horchata which we agreed did n't have that rice flavor like fresh horchata should , and it lacked sugar .
but i did like the sprinkle of cinnamon .
also had a lemonde which could 've used a little more lemon , no problem we added some fresh squeezed lemon !
and we also ordered a strawberry shake , which was pink but tasted mostly like milk , where 's the strawberry flavor ?
okay , we ordered the chips and salsa-what not complimentary ?
it was 2 salsas , one red and one green , nothing that stood out because they tasted mild .
they also provided 2 additional bottled salsas , one was a watery green tomatoe salsa and the other was a burned chile salsa which was good .
and we ordered the guacamole .
i thought the guac was great although i like mine spicy , but what i liked about it was the fact that it has orange pieces inside , new addition for me and it was a good portion for the price .
big side of chips with both orders .
we also tried the queso fundido with chorizo .
the chorizo was good although i order it from the same place they do which i learned from a newtimes story , good job on this dish it was yummy and i enjoyed every melty piece of cheese and chorizo !
1 star check .
we ordered 6 carne asada tacos and 1 veggie taco .
the carne asada had this zesty flavor like it was marinated in orange juice , it was good but not your typical grill flavor .
what i really liked was the veggie taco , it has grilled veggies like squash and corn and mushrooms and it was so good , but by that time i was stuffed with all the chips that i could n't order a few more !
2 star check .
i wish now that i could 've ordered one of each taco .
i agree that service does need help .
i had to ask for my cup to be refilled with water several times .
even when they brought our tacos out they saw our used plates stacked up and there was no place to put the tacos , they did n't address it .
i had to ask them to take the dirty plates so we could make room .
they did n't offer dessert when we were done like most places do , but we still wanted to end our night at this place knowing we tried a little of everything .
we ended with the brownie dessert which was this brown cake with vanilla ice cream on top .
where is the chocolate flavor ?
ice cream was good and that 's all i can say about this item .
i really , really , really wanted to love this place , i came in with high expectations and so excited , but i left $ 50 less rich and still yearning for more .
well , there 's still plenty of other places to try ...

-1
cook line is slow .
another yelper said it best .
`` good food but run like a kids lemonade stand . ``
management , you make people wait unnecessarily .
food is good and hot .
try waiting in your own line and you will see what i mean .

-1
food ok but bad operation .
i 'm not going to call it bad service , because our waiter was clearly following orders .
he pushed the specialty drinks even though we knew what we wanted to drink , he pushed the appetizers even though we did n't want any , and - the biggest issue of all - when presenting the ( hefty ) bill , he gave us the pitch for the ` landry 's club ' - sign up for free and get points , discounts , blah blah ... pay $ 25 ( even though ` free ' ... it 's credited to your first meal ... ) ... surely they should understand that if you go to a high-end restaurant you do n't expect to be thinking about getting coupons and discounts at 10pm on a friday night after a relaxing meal !

-1
i went to this chick fil a a couple weeks ago and it was breakfast time .
but i asked if i could order lunch and they said yes .
service was great as usual but when i got the sandwich and return to work the chicken on the sandwich was half the size of the normal chicken .
i know this cuz i eat there multiple times a week .

